<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-000996.txt : 20250106
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-000996.hdr.sgml : 20250106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250106162836
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-000996
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250102
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Roadzen Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001868640
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSURANCE AGENTS BROKERS & SERVICES [6411]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				981600102
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41094
		FILM NUMBER:		25511572

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 ANZA BLVD., SUITE 109
		CITY:			BURLINGAME
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-414-3530

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 ANZA BLVD., SUITE 109
		CITY:			BURLINGAME
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94010

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vahanna Tech Edge Acquisition I Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210621
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000186864000018686402025-01-022025-01-020001868640RDZN:OrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-01-022025-01-020001868640RDZN:WarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForOneOrdinaryShareEachAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2025-01-022025-01-02iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January
2, 2025

ROADZEN
INC.

(Exact
name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

British
Virgin Islands 001-41094 98-1600102

(State
or Other Jurisdiction 

of Incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS
Employer 

Identification No.)

111
Anza Blvd

Suite 109 

Burlingame,
California 94010

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
Telephone Number, Including Area Code:(347) 745-6448

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Ordinary
Shares, par value $0.0001 per share RDZN The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants,
each warrant exercisable for one ordinary share, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share RDZNW The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
January 2, 2025, Roadzen Inc. (the Company) entered into a placement agency agreement (the Agency Agreement)
with ThinkEquity LLC (the Placement Agent), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell directly to one or more
investors, in a best efforts offering (the Offering), an aggregate of 2,222,300 of the Companys ordinary shares,
par value $0.0001 per share (Ordinary Shares), at an offering price of $2.25 per Share.

The
Offering closed on January 6, 2025. The Company received gross proceeds of $5,000,175 in connection with the Offering, before deducting
Placement Agent fees and other Offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering
primarily for costs directly related to sales and marketing, for research and development, working capital and general corporate purposes,
including personnel costs, capital expenditures and the costs of operating as a public company. The Company may also use a portion of
the net proceeds to repay indebtedness outstanding.

The
2,222,300 Ordinary Shares sold in the Offering were offered and sold pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form S-3
(File No. 333-282966), previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on November 1, 2024 and declared
effective on November 12, 2024, including the base prospectus contained therein and a prospectus supplement dated January 3, 2025.

As
part of its compensation for acting as Placement Agent for the Offering, the Company paid the Placement Agent a cash fee of 7.0% of the
aggregate gross proceeds and also issued to the Placement Agent warrants to purchase 111,115 Ordinary Shares (the Placement Agent
Warrants). The Placement Agent Warrants have a term of five years commencing January 2, 2025, are exercisable commencing July
2, 2025, and have an exercise price of $2.8125 per Ordinary Share. The Placement Agent Warrants were, and the Ordinary Shares issuable
upon exercise thereof will be, issued in reliance on the exemption from registration provided in Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended.

The
Agency Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants made by the Company. It also provides for customary indemnification
by the Company for losses or damages arising out of or in connection with the Offering, including for liabilities under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, other obligations of the parties and termination provisions. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Agency
Agreement, the Company has agreed for a period of 30-days from January 2, 2025, subject to certain exceptions, not to (i) issue, enter
into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of the Company or any securities convertible
or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of the Company; (ii) file any registration statement; (iii) complete any offering of debt securities
of the Company, other than entering into a line of credit with a traditional bank, or (iv) enter into any swap or other arrangement that
transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of shares of the Company. Further, pursuant
to the terms of the Agency Agreement, the Company has agreed for a period of 30-days from January 2, 2025, without the prior written
consent of the Placement Agent, it will not waive any existing transfer restriction applicable to Ordinary Shares held by any of its
officers or directors or any entity owning more than 5% of its Ordinary Shares affiliated with any such officers or directors.

The
foregoing descriptions of the Agency Agreement and the Placement Agent Warrants do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their
entirety by reference to the copy of the Agency Agreement and the form of the Placement Agent Warrant, which are filed herewith as Exhibits
10.1 and 4.1, respectively.

The
representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Agency Agreement were made only for purposes of such agreement and as of specific
dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Agency Agreement and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting
parties. Accordingly, the Agency Agreement is incorporated herein by reference only to provide investors with information regarding the
terms of the Agency Agreement, and not to provide investors with any other factual information regarding the Company or its business,
and should be read in conjunction with the disclosures in the Companys periodic reports and other filings with the SEC.

The
legal opinion, including the related consent, of Maples & Calder relating to the issuance and sale of the Ordinary Shares issued
in the Offering is filed as Exhibit 5.1 hereto.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K regarding the Placement Agent Warrants and the Ordinary Shares issuable
thereunder is hereby incorporated by reference.

Item
8.01 Other Events.

On
January 3, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Offering. A copy of the press release is attached as
Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

On
January 6, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the Offering. A copy of the press release is attached as
Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
Number Description
of Exhibit 

4.1 Form of Placement Agent Warrant.

5.1 Opinion of Maples & Calder.

10.1 Placement Agency Agreement, dated January 2, 2025.

23.1 Consent of Maples & Calder (included in Exhibit 5.1).

99.1 Press Release dated January 3, 2025.

99.2 Press Release dated January 6, 2025.

104 Cover
page interactive data file (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

ROADZEN
INC.

Date: January
6, 2025 By: /s/
Rohan Malhotra

Name:

Title: Rohan
Malhotra

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

Form
of Placement Agents Warrant Agreement

THE
REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE WARRANT BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER OR ASSIGN THIS PURCHASE WARRANT
EXCEPT AS HEREIN PROVIDED AND THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE WARRANT AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER, ASSIGN, PLEDGE OR
HYPOTHECATE THIS PURCHASE WARRANT FOR A PERIOD OF ONE HUNDRED EIGHTY DAYS FOLLOWING THE COMMENCEMENT DATE (DEFINED BELOW) TO ANYONE OTHER
THAN (I) THINKEQUITY LLC OR A PLACEMENT AGENT OR A SELECTED DEALER IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFERING, OR (II) A BONA FIDE OFFICER OR PARTNER
OF THINKEQUITY LLC OR OF ANY SUCH PLACEMENT AGENT OR SELECTED DEALER.

THIS
PURCHASE WARRANT IS NOT EXERCISABLE PRIOR TO JULY 1, 2025. VOID AFTER 5:00 P.M., EASTERN TIME, JANUARY 2, 2030.

WARRANT
TO PURCHASE ORDINARY SHARES

ROADZEN INC.

Warrant
Shares:______ Initial
Issuance Date: January 6, 2025

THIS
WARRANT TO PURCHASE ORDINARY SHARES ( Warrant) certifies that, for value received, or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
July 1, 2025 (the Initial Exercise Date) and, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(A), prior to at 5:00 p.m.
(New York time) on the date that is five (5) years following the Commencement Date (the Termination Date) but not
thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Roadzen Inc., a BVI business company limited by shares incorporated with limited liability
in the British Virgin Islands (the Company), up to [________] Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of the
Company (the Warrant Shares), as subject to adjustment hereunder. The purchase price of one share of Ordinary Shares
under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated
in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Commencement
Date means January 2, 2025, the date on which sales of the securities issued in the Offering commenced.

1

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Offering
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Placement Agent Agreement.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Placement
Agent Agreement means the placement agent agreement, dated January 2, 2025, by and between the Company and the Holder as placement
agent set forth therein.

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Nasdaq Capital Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Ordinary Shares are listed or quoted for trading on the
date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New
York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Ordinary Shares then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Ordinary Shares for such date (or the nearest
preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Ordinary Shares is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on
a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market,
the volume weighted average price of a Ordinary Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the OTCQB or OTCQX as
applicable, (c) if Ordinary Shares is not then listed or quoted for trading on the OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for Ordinary Shares
are then reported in the Pink Sheets published by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency
succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Ordinary Share so reported, or (d) in all
other cases, the fair market value of the Ordinary Shares as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the
Holder and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

2

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial
Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may
designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company) of a duly
executed facsimile copy (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise Form annexed hereto. Within two (2) Trading Days following the
date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice
of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified
in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall
any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased
all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this
Warrant to the Company for cancellation within five (5) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company.
Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall
have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number
of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the
date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise Form within two (2) Business Days of receipt
of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions
of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase
hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per Ordinary Share under this Warrant shall be $2.8125, subject to adjustment hereunder
(the Exercise Price).

c)
Cashless Exercise. In lieu of exercising this Warrant by delivering the aggregate Exercise Price by wire transfer or cashiers
check, at the election of the Holder this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless
exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive the number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
[(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A)
= 
the
VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date on which Holder elects to exercise this Warrant by means of a cashless
exercise, as set forth in the applicable Notice of Exercise;

(B) = the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) =
the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

3

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of this Warrant being exercised, and the
holding period of this Warrant being exercised may be tacked on to the holding period of the Warrant Shares. The Company agrees not to
take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

d)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by
its transfer agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by Holder, or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner- of- sale limitations
pursuant to Rule 144 and, in either case, the Warrant Shares have been sold by the Holder prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as
defined below), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of
the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address
specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice
of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). If the Warrant Shares can be delivered via DWAC, the transfer
agent shall have received from the Company, at the expense of the Company, any legal opinions or other documentation required by it to
deliver such Warrant Shares without legend (subject to receipt by the Company of reasonable back up documentation from the Holder, including
with respect to affiliate status) and, if applicable and requested by the Company prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the transfer
agent shall have received from the Holder a confirmation of sale of the Warrant Shares (provided the requirement of the Holder to provide
a confirmation as to the sale of Warrant Shares shall not be applicable to the issuance of unlegended Warrant Shares upon a cashless
exercise of this Warrant if the Warrant Shares are then eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144(b)(1)). The Warrant Shares shall be
deemed to have been issued, and Holder or any other person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder
of record of such shares for all purposes, as of the date the Warrant has been exercised, with payment to the Company of the Exercise
Price (or by cashless exercise, if permitted) and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant to Section 2(d)(vi) prior
to the issuance of such shares, having been paid. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject
to a proper Notice of Exercise by the second Trading Day following the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder,
in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of
the Ordinary Shares on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the
fifth Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after the second Trading Day following such Warrant
Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise.

4

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise; provided, however,
that the Holder shall be required to return any Warrant Shares or Ordinary Shares subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently
with the return to Holder of the aggregate Exercise Price paid to the Company for such Warrant Shares and the restoration of Holders
right to acquire such Warrant Shares pursuant to this Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such
restored right).

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to an exercise on
or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market
transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, Ordinary Shares to deliver in satisfaction of a sale
by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the
Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage
commissions, if any) for the Ordinary Shares so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares
that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell
order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the
Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed
rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of Ordinary Shares that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its
exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Ordinary Shares having a total purchase price of $11,000
to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Ordinary Shares with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase
obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000.
The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request
of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect
to the Companys failure to timely deliver Warrant Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

5

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all transfer agent fees required for same- day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its register of members in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this
Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

viii.
Signature. This Section 2 and the exercise form attached hereto set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Holder
in order to exercise this Purchase Warrant. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original exercise form shall be required,
nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any exercise form be required in order to exercise
this Purchase Warrant. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Holder to exercise this
Purchase Warrant. The Company shall honor exercises of this Purchase Warrant and shall deliver Warrant Shares underlying this Purchase
Warrant in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth herein.

6

e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of Ordinary Shares beneficially
owned by the Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect
to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of Ordinary Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise
of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or
conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other
Ordinary Shares Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially
owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the
extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation
to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in
the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which
portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation
to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall
be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding Ordinary
Shares as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B)
a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Companys transfer agent
setting forth the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading
Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of Ordinary Shares then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding
Ordinary Shares shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant,
by the Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding Ordinary Shares was reported. The Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall be 9.99% of the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of
the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Ordinary Shares upon exercise of this Warrant
held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall
be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph
(or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or
to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph
shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

7

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on its Ordinary Shares or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Ordinary
Shares (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Ordinary Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii)
subdivides outstanding Ordinary Shares into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding
Ordinary Shares into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of the Ordinary Shares any shares of the Company,
or (v) issues any bonus shares, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be
the number of Ordinary Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator
shall be the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this
Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment
made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled
to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a division, combination,
re-classification or bonus share issue. For the purposes of clarification, the Exercise Price of this Warrant will not be adjusted in
the event that the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, sells or grants any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right
to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any
Ordinary Shares or Ordinary Shares Equivalents, at an effective price per share less than the Exercise Price then in effect.

b)
[RESERVED]

c)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Ordinary Shares Equivalents or rights to purchase shares, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the
record holders of any class of Ordinary Shares (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of Ordinary Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof,
including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant,
issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Ordinary Shares
are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right
to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall
not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such Ordinary Shares as a result of
such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time,
if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

8

d)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend (other
than cash dividends) or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Ordinary Shares, by way of return
of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of shares or other securities, property or options by way of
a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of Ordinary Shares acquirable upon
complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of Ordinary Shares are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in
the beneficial ownership of any Ordinary Shares as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the
time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder
has exercised this Warrant.

e)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly
or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of
its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer
(whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Ordinary Shares are permitted to sell, tender or
exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Ordinary
Shares, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or
recapitalization of the Ordinary Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Ordinary Shares is effectively converted
into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization,
spin- off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50%
of the outstanding Ordinary Shares (not including any Ordinary Shares held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or
associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each
a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right
to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental
Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number
of Ordinary Shares of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional
consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable by holders of Ordinary Shares as a result of such Fundamental
Transaction for each share of Ordinary Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction
(without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination
of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Ordinary Shares in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price
among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Ordinary Shares are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction,
then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following
such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the
survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in
accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the
Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the Ordinary Shares acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard
to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the
exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the Ordinary Shares pursuant
to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares, such number of shares and such exercise price being for the purpose of
protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall
succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant referring
to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and
shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named
as the Company herein.

9

f)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of Ordinary Shares deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of Ordinary Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly to the Holder a notice by setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Ordinary Shares, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Ordinary Shares, (C)
the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Ordinary Shares rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares
of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Ordinary Shares (a reverse stock split shall not be deemed a reclassification), any consolidation or merger
to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share
exchange whereby the Ordinary Shares is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary
or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be
mailed a notice to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days
prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the
purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders
of the Ordinary Shares of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined
or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective
or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Ordinary Shares of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares
of the Ordinary Shares for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer
or share exchange; provided that the failure to provide such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity of the corporate
action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material,
non-public information regarding the Company or any of the subsidiaries of the Company, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice
with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period
commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly
set forth herein.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), neither this Warrant nor any Warrant Shares issued upon exercise of this Warrant
shall be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call
transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately
following the Commencement Date, except the transfer of any security: 

10

i.
by operation of law or by reason of reorganization of the Company;

ii.
to any FINRA member firm participating in the offering and the officers or partners thereof, if all securities so transferred
remain subject to the lock-up restriction in this Section 4(a) for the remainder of the time period;

iii.
if the aggregate amount of securities of the Company held by the Holder or related person do not exceed 1% of the securities being offered;

iv.
that is beneficially owned on a pro-rata basis by all equity owners of an investment fund, provided that no participating member manages
or otherwise directs investments by the fund, and participating members in the aggregate do not own more than 10% of the equity in the
fund; or

v.
the exercise or conversion of any security, if all securities received remain subject to the lock-up restriction in this Section 4(a)
for the remainder of the time period.

Subject
to the foregoing restriction, any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d), this Warrant and all rights
hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant
at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the
form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon
the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant
or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument
of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant
shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant
to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant
full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without
having a new Warrant issued.

b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of
this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

11

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d)
Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant
and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to
or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section
5. Registration Rights.

5.1
Demand Registration.

a)
Grant of Right. The Company, upon written demand (a Demand Notice) of the Holder(s) of at least 51% of the
Warrants and/or the underlying Warrant Shares (Majority Holders), agrees to register, on one occasion, all or any
portion of the Warrant Shares underlying the Warrants (collectively, the Registrable Securities). On such occasion,
the Company will file a registration statement with the Commission covering the Registrable Securities within sixty (60) days after receipt
of a Demand Notice and use its reasonable best efforts to have the registration statement declared effective promptly thereafter, subject
to compliance with review by the Commission; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to comply with a Demand Notice
if the Company has filed a registration statement with respect to which the Holder is entitled to piggyback registration rights pursuant
to Section 5.2 hereof and either: (i) the Holder has elected to participate in the offering covered by such registration statement or
(ii) if such registration statement relates to an underwritten primary offering of securities of the Company, until the offering covered
by such registration statement has been withdrawn or until thirty (30) days after such offering is consummated. The demand for registration
may be made at any time beginning on the Initial Exercise Date and expiring on the fifth anniversary of the Commencement Date in accordance
with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(C). The Company covenants and agrees to give written notice of its receipt of any Demand Notice by any Holder(s)
to all other registered Holders of the Warrants and/or the Registrable Securities within ten (10) days after the date of the receipt
of any such Demand Notice.

b)
Terms. The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to the registration of the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section
5.1.1, but the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to
represent them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. The Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to cause
the filing required herein to become effective promptly and to qualify or register the Registrable Securities in such States as are reasonably
requested by the Holder(s); provided, however, that in no event shall the Company be required to register the Registrable Securities
in a State in which such registration would cause: (i) the Company to be obligated to register or license to do business in such State
or submit to general service of process in such State, or (ii) the principal stockholders of the Company to be obligated to escrow their
shares of capital stock of the Company. The Company shall cause any registration statement filed pursuant to the demand right granted
under Section 5.1.1 to remain effective for a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months after the date that the Holders of the
Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement are first given the opportunity to sell all of such securities. The Holders
shall only use the prospectuses provided by the Company to sell the Warrant Shares covered by such registration statement, and will immediately
cease to use any prospectus furnished by the Company if the Company advises the Holder that such prospectus may no longer be used due
to a material misstatement or omission. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.1.2, the Holder shall be entitled to a demand
registration under this Section 5.1.2 on only one (1) occasion and such demand registration right shall terminate on the fifth anniversary
of the Commencement Date in accordance with FINRA Rules 5110(g)(8)(B) and 5110(g)(8)(C).

12

5.2
Piggy-Back Registration.

a) Grant
of Right. In addition to the demand right of registration described in Section 5.1 hereof, the Holder shall have the right, for
a period of no more than five (5) years from the Initial Exercise Date in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(D), to include the
Registrable Securities as part of any other registration of securities filed by the Company (other than in connection with a
transaction contemplated by Rule 145(a) promulgated under the Securities Act or pursuant to Form S-8 or any equivalent form);
provided, however, that if, solely in connection with any primary underwritten public offering for the account of the Company, the
managing underwriter(s) thereof shall, in its reasonable discretion, impose a limitation on the number of Shares which may be
included in the Registration Statement because, in such underwriter(s) judgment, marketing or other factors dictate such
limitation is necessary to facilitate public distribution, then the Company shall be obligated to include in such Registration
Statement only such limited portion of the Registrable Securities with respect to which the Holder requested inclusion hereunder as
the underwriter shall reasonably permit. Any exclusion of Registrable Securities shall be made pro rata among the Holders seeking to
include Registrable Securities in proportion to the number of Registrable Securities sought to be included by such Holders;
provided, however, that the Company shall not exclude any Registrable Securities unless the Company has first excluded all
outstanding securities, the holders of which are not entitled to inclusion of such securities in such Registration Statement or are
not entitled to pro rata inclusion with the Registrable Securities.

b)
Terms. The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 5.2.1
hereof, but the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders
to represent them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. In the event of such a proposed registration, the Company
shall furnish the then Holders of outstanding Registrable Securities with not less than thirty (30) days written notice prior to the
proposed date of filing of such registration statement. Such notice to the Holders shall continue to be given for each registration statement
filed by the Company during the five (5) year period following the Initial Exercise Date until such time as all of the Registrable Securities
have been sold by the Holder. The holders of the Registrable Securities shall exercise the piggy-back rights provided for
herein by giving written notice within ten (10) days of the receipt of the Companys notice of its intention to file a registration
statement. Except as otherwise provided in this Warrant, there shall be no limit on the number of times the Holder may request registration
under this Section 5.2.2; provided, however, that such registration rights shall terminate on the second anniversary of the Initial Exercise
Date.

13

5.3
General Terms

a)
Indemnification. The Company shall indemnify the Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to any registration
statement hereunder and each person, if any, who controls such Holders within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section
20 (a) of the Exchange Act against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys fees and
other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which any of them may become
subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from such registration statement but only to the same extent
and with the same effect as the provisions pursuant to which the Company has agreed to indemnify the Placement Agent contained in Section
5.1 of the Placement Agent Agreement. The Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to such registration statement,
and their successors and assigns, shall severally, and not jointly, indemnify the Company, against all loss, claim, damage, expense or
liability (including all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending
against any claim whatsoever) to which they may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from
information furnished by or on behalf of such Holders, or their successors or assigns, in writing, for specific inclusion in such registration
statement to the same extent and with the same effect as the provisions contained in Section 5.2 of the Placement Agent Agreement pursuant
to which the Placement Agent has agreed to indemnify the Company.

b)
Exercise of Warrants. Nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as requiring the Holder to exercise its Warrants prior
to or after the initial filing of any registration statement or the effectiveness thereof.

c)
Documents Delivered to Holders. The Company shall furnish to each Holder participating in any of the foregoing offerings and to
each underwriter of any such offering, if any, a signed counterpart, addressed to such Holder or underwriter, of: (i) an opinion of counsel
to the Company, dated the effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten public offering,
an opinion dated the date of the closing under any underwriting agreement related thereto), and (ii) a cold comfort letter
dated the effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten public offering, a letter
dated the date of the closing under the underwriting agreement) signed by the independent registered public accounting firm which has
issued a report on the Companys financial statements included in such registration statement, in each case covering substantially
the same matters with respect to such registration statement (and the prospectus included therein) and, in the case of such accountants
letter, with respect to events subsequent to the date of such financial statements, as are customarily covered in opinions of issuers
counsel and in accountants letters delivered to underwriters in underwritten public offerings of securities. The Company shall
also deliver promptly to each Holder participating in the offering requesting the correspondence and memoranda described below and to
the managing underwriter, if any, copies of all correspondence between the Commission and the Company, its counsel or auditors and all
memoranda relating to discussions with the Commission or its staff with respect to the registration statement and permit each Holder
and underwriter to do such investigation, upon reasonable advance notice, with respect to information contained in or omitted from the
registration statement as it deems reasonably necessary to comply with applicable securities laws or rules of FINRA. Such investigation
shall include access to books, records and properties and opportunities to discuss the business of the Company with its officers and
independent auditors, all to such reasonable extent and at such reasonable times as any such Holder shall reasonably request.

14

d)
Placement Agent Agreement. The Company shall enter into an underwriting agreement with the managing underwriter(s), if any, selected
by any Holders whose Registrable Securities are being registered pursuant to this Section 5, which managing underwriter shall be reasonably
satisfactory to the Company. Such agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Company, each Holder and such
managing underwriters, and shall contain such representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and such other terms as are customarily
contained in agreements of that type used by the managing underwriter. The Holders shall be parties to any underwriting agreement relating
to an underwritten sale of their Registrable Securities and may, at their option, require that any or all the representations, warranties
and covenants of the Company to or for the benefit of such underwriters shall also be made to and for the benefit of such Holders. Such
Holders shall not be required to make any representations or warranties to or agreements with the Company or the underwriters except
as they may relate to such Holders, their Warrant Shares and their intended methods of distribution.

e)
Documents to be Delivered by Holder(s). Each of the Holder(s) participating in any of the foregoing offerings shall furnish to
the Company a completed and executed questionnaire provided by the Company requesting information customarily sought of selling security
holders.

f) Damages.
Should the registration or the effectiveness thereof required by Sections 5.1 and 5.2 hereof be delayed by the Company or the
Company otherwise fails to comply with such provisions, the Holder(s) shall, in addition to any other legal or other relief
available to the Holder(s), be entitled to obtain specific performance or other equitable (including injunctive) relief against the
threatened breach of such provisions or the continuation of any such breach, without the necessity of proving actual damages and
without the necessity of posting bond or other security.

Section
6. Miscellaneous.

a)
No Rights as Shareholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights
as a shareholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and
in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall
not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or share certificate, if mutilated, the Company
will make and deliver a new Warrant or share certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or
share certificate.

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

15

d)
Authorized Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will keep available a sufficient number of authorized but unissued
shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing
the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Ordinary Shares may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares
which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)
Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined
in accordance with the provisions of the Placement Agent Agreement.

f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

16

g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant or the Placement Agent Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant,
which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover
any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred
by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)
Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall
be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Placement Agent Agreement.

i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Ordinary Shares or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the
Company or by creditors of the Company.

j)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and
the Holder.

m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

17

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

ROADZEN
INC.

By:

Name: 

Title: 

18

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO:
ROADZEN INC.

____________________________

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ ] in lawful money of the United States; or

[ ] if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please register and issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

____________________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number or by physical delivery of a certificate to:

____________________________________

____________________________________

____________________________________

(4)
Accredited Investor. If the Warrant is being exercised via cash exercise, the undersigned is an accredited investor
as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: ____________________________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: ______________________________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: _________________________________________________________________________

Date:
___________________________________________________________________________________________

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To
assign the foregoing warrant, execute

this form and supply required information. Do

not use this form to exercise the warrant.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, [ ] all of or [ ] shares of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

__________________________________________________ whose address is

_______________________________________________________________.

______________________________________________________________

Dated: ___________________, _________

Holders Signature: ______________________________

Holders Address: _______________________________

_______________________________

NOTE:
The signature to this Assignment Form must correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement
or any change whatsoever. Officers of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper
evidence of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex5-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
5.1

Our ref CHX/787490-000010/39269417v2

Roadzen
Inc.

Kingston
Chambers

PO
Box 173

Road
Town

Tortola,
VG1110

British
Virgin Islands

6
January 2025

Roadzen
Inc.

We
have acted as counsel as to British Virgin Islands law to Roadzen Inc. (the Company) in connection with the Companys
registration statement on Form S-3, including all amendments or supplements thereto, filed with the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission) under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act)
(including its exhibits, the Registration Statement) for the purposes of, registering with the Commission under
the Act, the offering and sale of 2,222,300 ordinary shares with a par value of US$0.0001 each in the Company (the Ordinary
Shares).

This
opinion letter is given in accordance with the terms of the Legal Matters section of the Registration Statement.

1 Documents
Reviewed

We
have reviewed originals, copies, drafts or conformed copies of the following documents:

1.1 The
public records of the Company on file and available for public inspection at the Registry
of Corporate Affairs in the British Virgin Islands (the Registry of Corporate Affairs)
on 3 January 2025, including the Companys Certificate of Incorporation and the memorandum
and articles of association registered on 20 September 2023 (the Memorandum and
Articles).

1.2 A
list of the Companys directors provided by the Registry of Corporate Affairs dated
3 January 2025 (the Registry List of Directors).

1.3 The
records of proceedings available from a search of the electronic records maintained on the
Judicial Enforcement Management System and the E-Litigation Portal from 1 January 2000 and
available for inspection on 3 January 2025 at the British Virgin Islands High Court Registry
(the High Court Registry).

1.4 The
written resolutions of the board of directors of the Company dated 3 January 2025 (the Resolutions)
and the written resolutions of the pricing committee of the board of directors of the Company
(the Committee) dated 6 January 2025 (the Committee Resolutions).

1.5 A
Certificate of Incumbency dated 30 December 2024, issued by Maples Corporate Services (BVI)
Limited, the Companys registered agent (the Registered Agents Certificate).

1.6 A
certificate of good standing with respect to the Company issued by the Registrar of Corporate
Affairs dated 3 January 2025 (the Certificate of Good Standing).

1.7 A
certificate from a director of the Company a copy of which is attached to this opinion (the
Directors Certificate).

1.8 The
Registration Statement.

1.9 A
draft of the placement agency agreement between the Company and ThinkEquity LLC.

The
documents listed in paragraphs 1.8 to 1.9 inclusive above shall be referred to collectively herein as the Documents.

2 Assumptions

The
following opinions are given only as to, and based on, circumstances and matters of fact existing and known to us on the date of this
opinion letter. These opinions only relate to the laws of the British Virgin Islands which are in force on the date of this opinion letter.
In giving the following opinions we have relied (without further verification) upon the completeness and accuracy, as at the date of
this opinion letter, of the Registry List of Directors, the Registered Agents Certificate, the Directors Certificate and
the Certificate of Good Standing. We have also relied upon the following assumptions, which we have not independently verified:

2.1 The
Documents have been or will be authorised and duly executed and unconditionally delivered
by or on behalf of all relevant parties in accordance with all relevant laws (other than,
with respect to the Company, the laws of the British Virgin Islands).

2.2 The
Documents are, or will be, legal, valid, binding and enforceable against all relevant parties
in accordance with their terms under the laws of the State of New York (the Relevant
Law) and all other relevant laws (other than, with respect to the Company, the
laws of the British Virgin Islands).

2.3 The
choice of the Relevant Law as the governing law of the Documents has been made in good faith
and would be regarded as a valid and binding selection which will be upheld by the courts
of the State of New York and any other relevant jurisdiction (other than the British Virgin
Islands) as a matter of the Relevant Law and all other relevant laws (other than the laws
of the British Virgin Islands).

2.4 Copies
of documents, conformed copies or drafts of documents provided to us are true and complete
copies of, or in the final forms of, the originals.

2.5 All
signatures, initials and seals are genuine.

2.6 The
capacity, power, authority and legal right of all parties under all relevant laws and regulations
(other than, with respect to the Company, the laws and regulations of the British Virgin
Islands) to enter into, execute, unconditionally deliver and perform their respective obligations
under the Documents.

2.7 That
all public records of the Company which we have examined are accurate and that the information
disclosed by the searches which we conducted against the Company at the Registry of Corporate
Affairs and the High Court Registry is true and complete and that such information has not
since then been altered and that such searches did not fail to disclose any such information
which had been delivered for registration but did not appear on the public records at the
date of our searches.

2.8 No
invitation has been or will be made by or on behalf of the Company to the public in the British
Virgin Islands to subscribe for any of the Ordinary Shares.

2.9 There
is no contractual or other prohibition or restriction (other than as arising under British
Virgin Islands law) binding on the Company prohibiting or restricting it from entering into
and performing its obligations under the Documents and the Registration Statement.

2.10 No
monies paid to or for the account of any party under the Documents or any property received
or disposed of by any party to the Documents in each case in connection with the Documents
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby represent or will represent
proceeds of criminal conduct or criminal property or terrorist property (as defined in the
Proceeds of Criminal Conduct Act (As Revised)).

2.11 There
is nothing contained in the minute book or corporate records of the Company (which we have
not inspected) which would or might affect the opinions set out below.

2.12 There
is nothing under any law (other than the laws of the British Virgin Islands) which would
or might affect the opinions set out below. Specifically, we have made no independent investigation
of the Relevant Law.

2.13 The
Company will have sufficient authorised and unissued shares under the Memorandum and Articles
at the time any Ordinary Shares were or are issued.

2.14 The
Company will receive or has received, cash consideration or non-cash consideration in consideration
for the issue of the Ordinary Shares and none of the Ordinary Shares were, or will be, issued
for less than par value.

Save
as aforesaid we have not been instructed to undertake and have not undertaken any further enquiry or due diligence in relation to the
transaction the subject of this opinion letter.

3 Opinions

Based
upon, and subject to, the foregoing assumptions and the qualifications set out below, and having regard to such legal considerations
as we deem relevant, we are of the opinion that:

3.1 The
Company is a company limited by shares incorporated with limited liability under the BVI
Business Companies Act (As Revised) (the Act), is in good standing at
the Registry of Corporate Affairs and is validly existing under the laws of the British Virgin
Islands.

3.2 The
Ordinary Shares to be offered and issued by the Company as contemplated by the Registration
Statement have been duly authorised for issue, and when issued by the Company against payment
in full of the consideration as set out in the Registration Statement and in accordance with
the terms set out in the Registration Statement, such Ordinary Shares will be validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable. As a matter of British Virgin Islands law, a share is only
issued when it has been entered in the register of members.

4 Qualifications

The
opinions expressed above are subject to the following qualifications:

4.1 The
obligations assumed by the Company under the Documents will not necessarily be enforceable
in all circumstances in accordance with their terms. In particular:

(a) enforcement
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, reorganisation, readjustment of debts
or moratorium or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the rights of
creditors;

(b) enforcement
may be limited by general principles of equity. For example, equitable remedies such as specific
performance may not be available, inter alia, where damages are considered to be an
adequate remedy;

(c) where
obligations are to be performed in a jurisdiction outside the British Virgin Islands, they
may not be enforceable in the British Virgin Islands to the extent that performance would
be illegal under the laws of that jurisdiction; and

(d) some
claims may become barred under relevant statutes of limitation or may be or become subject
to defences of set off, counterclaim, estoppel and similar defences.

4.2 To
maintain the Company in good standing with the Registrar of Corporate Affairs under the laws
of the British Virgin Islands, annual filing fees must be paid and returns made to the Registrar
of Corporate Affairs within the time frame prescribed by law.

4.3 Under
British Virgin Islands law, the register of members is prima facie evidence of title
to shares and this register would not record a third party interest in such shares. However,
there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a British Virgin
Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct
legal position. Further, the British Virgin Islands court has the power to order that the
register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the
register of members does not reflect the correct legal position. For the purposes of the
opinion given in paragraphs 3.2 and 3.3, there are no circumstances or matters of fact known
to us on the date of this opinion letter which would properly form the basis for an application
for an order for rectification of the register of members of the Company, but if such an
application were made in respect of the Ordinary Shares, then the validity of such shares
may be subject to re-examination by a British Virgin Islands court.

4.4 In
this opinion letter, the phrase non-assessable means, with respect to the issuance
of shares, that a shareholder shall not, in respect of the relevant shares and in the absence
of a contractual arrangement, or an obligation pursuant to the memorandum and articles of
association, to the contrary, have any obligation to make further contributions to the Companys
assets (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of
an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which
a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil).

4.5 The
search of records of proceedings available at the High Court Registry would not reveal any
proceeding which has been placed under seal or anonymised (whether by order of the Court
or pursuant to the practice of the High Court Registry).

We
hereby consent to the filing of this opinion letter as an exhibit to the Companys current report on Form 8-K being filed on the
date hereof and incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement and to the references to our firm under the headings Legal
Matters in the prospectus included in the Registration Statement. In providing our consent, we do not thereby admit that we are
in the category of persons whose consent is required under section 7 of the Act or the Rules and Regulations of the Commission thereunder.

We
express no view as to the commercial terms of the Documents or whether such terms represent the intentions of the parties and make no
comment with regard to warranties or representations that may be made by the Company.

The
opinions in this opinion letter are strictly limited to the matters contained in the opinions section above and do not extend to any
other matters. We have not been asked to review and we therefore have not reviewed any of the ancillary documents relating to the Documents
and express no opinion or observation upon the terms of any such document.

This
opinion letter is addressed to you and may be relied upon by you, your counsel and purchasers of Shares pursuant to the Registration
Statement. This opinion letter is limited to the matters detailed herein and is not to be read as an opinion with respect to any other
matter.

Yours
faithfully

/s/
Maples and Calder

Maples
and Calder
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

PLACEMENT AGENCY AGREEMENT

January
2, 2025

ThinkEquity LLC

17 State Street,

41st Fl New York,

NY 10004 

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Introductory.
This Placement Agency Agreement the (Agreement) sets forth the terms upon which ThinkEquity LLC (ThinkEquity
or the Placement Agent) shall be engaged by Roadzen Inc., a BVI business company limited by shares incorporated
with limited liability in the British Virgin Islands (the Company), to act as the exclusive Placement Agent in connection
with the offering (hereinafter referred to as the Offering) of up to 2,222,300 shares (the Shares
or the Securities) of the Companys ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value per share (the Ordinary Shares),
directly to various investors (each, an Investor and, collectively, the Investors). The purchase
price to the Investors for each Share is $2.25 (the Share Offering Price). The Placement Agent may retain other
brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents or selected- dealers on its behalf in connection with the Offering.

1.
Agreement to Act as Placement Agent; Closing; Placement Agent Compensation.

1.1
On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements of the Company herein contained, and subject to all the terms and conditions
of this Agreement between the Company and the Placement Agent, the Placement Agent is appointed as the Companys exclusive placement
agent subject to the terms and conditions contained herein. On the basis of such representations and warranties and subject to such terms
and conditions, the Placement Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the services hereunder diligently and in good
faith and in a professional and businesslike manner and to use its commercially reasonable efforts to assist the Company in finding subscribers
of the Securities and to complete the Offering. The Placement Agent has no obligation to purchase any of the Securities. Unless sooner
terminated in accordance with this Agreement, the engagement of the Placement Agent hereunder shall continue until the Closing. The Offering
will be made on a reasonable best efforts basis. The Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-
placement agents on its behalf in connection with the Offering, with any fees they may be entitled to being paid out of the fee paid
to such Placement Agent pursuant to Section 1.5.

1.2
Payment of the aggregate purchase price paid by any and all Investors less the Cash Fee, and the other accountable expenses payable in
accordance with Section 3.10 of this Agreement (the Purchase Price) for, and delivery of, the Securities (the Closing)
shall be made at the offices of Loeb & Loeb LLP (Placement Agent Counsel), 345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154,
or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Placement Agent and the Company, at 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on January
6, 2025, or such other time not later than ten Business Days after such date as shall be agreed upon by the Placement Agent and the Company
(such time and date of payment and delivery being herein called Closing Date). The term Business Day
means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions are authorized or obligated by
law to close in New York, New York.

1.3
On the Closing Date, the Purchase Price will be released to the Company either (a) by the Placement Agent on behalf of each Investor
for the Securities to be issued and sold to such Investor at the Closing, by wire transfer of immediately available funds in accordance
with the flow of funds letter regarding the Closing, or (b) by the Investor wiring the Purchase Price to the Company by wire transfer
to an account designated in writing by the Company, and (ii) the Company shall (A) cause its transfer agent (together with any subsequent
transfer agent, the Transfer Agent) through the Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast Automated
Securities Transfer Program, to credit such aggregate number of Shares that each Investor is purchasing as set forth in the flow of funds
letter regarding the Closing to either (a) the Placement Agents balance account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian
system, or (b) directly to the account of each Investor or its respective nominee(s), at the designated account with DTC as provided
on the flow of funds letter (if applicable). All actions taken at the Closing shall be deemed to have occurred simultaneously on the
Closing Date. Any Securities for which payment has not been received by the Company, to the extent they have been delivered to the Placement
Agent or any such Investor, shall be returned to the Company.

1.4
No Securities which the Company has agreed to sell pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to have been purchased and paid for, or
issued and sold by the Company, until the appropriate corresponding number of Securities shall have been delivered to the Investors or
the Placement Agent against payment therefor. If the Company shall default in its obligations to deliver the Securities to the Investors
or the Placement Agent on behalf of such Investors as per such instructions, the Company shall indemnify and hold the Placement Agent
harmless against any loss, claim, damage or liability directly or indirectly arising from or as a result of such default by the Company.

1.5
As compensation for services rendered, on the Closing Date, the Company shall pay to the Placement Agent the following:

1.5.1.
A cash fee (the Cash Fee) equal to 7.0% of the aggregate purchase price paid by the Investors in respect of the
Securities purchased at the Closing, which fee shall be deducted from the Purchase Price payable at Closing.

1.5.2.
A warrant (Placement Agents Warrant) for the purchase of that number of Ordinary Shares equal to 5% of the
Shares purchased at the Closing, for an aggregate purchase price of $100.00. The Placement Agents Warrant agreement, in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Placement Agents Warrant Agreement), shall be exercisable, in whole or
in part, commencing on a date which is one hundred eighty (180) days after the date hereof and expiring on the five-year anniversary
of the date hereof at an initial exercise price per share of Ordinary Shares of $2.8125, which is equal to 125% of the Share Offering
Price. The Placement Agents Warrants shall not be transferable for six months from the date of the Offering except as permitted
by Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) Rule 5110(e)(2). The Placement Agents Warrant Agreement
and the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise thereof are hereinafter referred to together as the Placement Agents
Securities.

1.6
The Company hereby acknowledges that (i) the Offering, including the determination of the offering price of the Ordinary Shares and any
related discounts, commissions and fees, shall be an arms- length commercial transaction between the Company and the Investors,
(ii) the Placement Agent will be acting as an independent contractor and will not be the agent or fiduciary of the Company or its shareholders,
creditors, employees, the Investors or any other party, (iii) the Placement Agent shall not assume an advisory or fiduciary responsibility
in favor of the Company (irrespective of whether the Placement Agent has advised or is currently advising the Company on other matters)
and the Placement Agent shall not have any obligation to the Company with respect to the Offering, except as may be set forth expressly
herein, (iv) the Placement Agent and its Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ
from those of the Company and (v) the Placement Agent will not provide any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to
the Offering, and the Company shall consult its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it deems appropriate.

2

1.7
The Company is and will be solely responsible for the contents of any and all written or oral communications provided to the Investors
regarding the Offering or the Securities; and the Company recognizes that the Placement Agent, in acting pursuant to this Agreement,
will be using information provided by the Company and its agents and the Placement Agent assumes no responsibility for, and may rely,
without independent verification, on the accuracy and completeness of any such information.

1.8
The Company agrees that any information or advice rendered by the Placement Agent in connection with this engagement is for the confidential
use of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) only and the Company will not, and will not permit any
third party to, disclose or otherwise refer to such advice or information, in any manner without the Placement Agents prior written
consent.

2.
Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Placement Agent as of the Applicable
Time (as defined below), as of the Closing Date as follows:

2.1
Filing of Registration Statement.

2.1.1
Pursuant to the Securities Act. The Company has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282966), including any related prospectus or prospectuses, for
the registration of the Ordinary Shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), which
registration statement was prepared by the Company in all material respects in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act
and the rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities Act (the Securities Act Regulations) and contains
and will contain all material statements that are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities
Act Regulations. Except as the context may otherwise require, such registration statement on file with the Commission at any given time,
including any amendments thereto to such time, exhibits and schedules thereto at such time, documents filed as a part thereof or incorporated
pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act at such time and the documents and information otherwise deemed to be a part
thereof or included therein pursuant to Rule 430B of the Securities Act Regulations (the Rule 430B Information)
or otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act Regulations at such time, is referred to herein as the Registration Statement.
The Registration Statement at the time it originally became effective is referred to herein as the Initial Registration Statement.
If the Company files any registration statement pursuant to Rule 462(b) of the Securities Act Regulations, then after such filing, the
term Registration Statement shall include such registration statement filed pursuant to Rule 462(b). The Registration Statement
was declared effective by the Commission on November 12, 2024 (the Effective Date).

The
prospectus in the form in which it was filed with the Commission in connection with the Initial Registration Statement is herein called
the Base Prospectus.

Promptly
after the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company will prepare and file with the Commission a final prospectus supplement
to the Base Prospectus relating to the Securities and the Offering in accordance with the provisions of Rule 430B and Rule 424(b) of
the Securities Act Regulations. Such final prospectus supplement (including the Base Prospectus as so supplemented), in the form filed
with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act is herein called the Prospectus. Any reference
herein to the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein
pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act as of the date of such prospectus.

3

Applicable
Time means 10:30 p.m., Eastern time, on the date of this Agreement.

Disclosure
Package means the Base Prospectus, together with the pricing terms and other final terms of the Offering provided to Investors
as set forth on Schedule 1 hereto, all considered together.

Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act
Regulations (Rule 433), including without limitation any free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule
405 of the Securities Act Regulations) relating to the Securities that is (i) required to be filed with the Commission by the Company,
(ii) a road show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i), whether or not required to be
filed with the Commission, or (iii) exempt from filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because it contains a description
of the Securities or of the Offering that does not reflect the final terms, in each case in the form filed or required to be filed with
the Commission or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to Rule 433(g).

Issuer
General Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is intended for general distribution to
prospective investors (other than a bona fide electronic road show, as defined in Rule 433 (the Bona Fide
Electronic Road Show)), as evidenced by its being specified in Schedule 2 hereto.

Issuer
Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not an Issuer General Use Free Writing
Prospectus.

2.1.2
Pursuant to the Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Form 8-A (File Number 001-41094) providing for the registration
pursuant to Section 12(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), of the Ordinary
Shares. The registration of the Ordinary Shares under the Exchange Act has been declared effective by the Commission on or prior to the
date hereof. The Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Ordinary
Shares under the Exchange Act, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.

2.2
Stock Exchange Listing. The Ordinary Shares have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Global Market (the Exchange)
and the Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, delisting the Ordinary Shares from the Exchange, nor
has the Company received any notification that the Exchange is contemplating terminating such listing except as described in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The Company has submitted the Listing of Additional Shares Notification Form with
the Exchange with respect to the Offering of the Securities, if required.

2.3
No Stop Orders, etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, any state regulatory authority has issued any
order preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or has instituted
or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened to institute, any proceedings with respect to such an order. The Company has complied
with each request (if any) from the Commission for additional information.

4

2.4
Disclosures in Registration Statement.

2.4.1.
Compliance with Securities Act and 10b-5 Representation.

(i)
Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became effective (including each deemed effective
date with respect to the Placement Agent pursuant to Rule 430B or otherwise under the Securities Act) complied and will comply in all
material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. The conditions for use of Form S-3,
set forth in the General Instructions thereto, including, but not limited to, General Instruction I.B.6 and other conditions related
to the offer and sale of the Securities, have been satisfied. Each Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, at the time each was or
will be filed with the Commission, complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and
the Securities Act Regulations. Each Preliminary Prospectus delivered to the Placement Agent for use in connection with this Offering
and the Prospectus was or will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR,
except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T promulgated under the Securities Act.

(ii)
Neither the Registration Statement nor any amendment thereto, at its effective time, as of the Applicable Time, at the Closing Date,
contained, contains or will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.

(iii)
The Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time, at the Closing Date, did not, does not and will not include an untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading; and each Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus hereto does not conflict with the information
contained in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, and each such Issuer Limited Use Free Writing
Prospectus, as supplemented by and taken together with the Preliminary Prospectus as of the Applicable Time, did not include an untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading.

(iv)
Neither the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto (including any prospectus wrapper), as of its issue date, at the time
of any filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b), at the Closing Date, included, includes or will include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(v)
The documents incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, when they became effective
or were filed with the Commission, as the case may be, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act or
the Exchange Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder and none of such documents contained any
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and any further documents so filed and incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, when such documents become effective or are filed
with the Commission, as the case may be, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange
Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, and will not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

5

2.4.2.
Disclosure of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained or incorporated by reference therein and there are
no agreements or other documents required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations to be described in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, or
to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, that have not been so described
or filed or incorporated by reference. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is
a party or by which it is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, or (ii) is material to the Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly
executed by the Company, is in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Companys
knowledge the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution
provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive
and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding
therefor may be brought. None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the
Companys knowledge, any other party is in default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge, no event has occurred that,
with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder. To the Companys knowledge, performance
by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing applicable
law, rule, regulation, ordinance, judgment, order or decree of any governmental or regulatory agency, body, authority or court, domestic
or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses (each, a Governmental Entity),
including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has no material subsidiaries and has no other interest, nominal or beneficial,
direct or indirect, in any other corporation, joint venture or other business entity.

2.4.3.
Prior Securities Transactions. No securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for the benefit
of, any person or persons controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Company, except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Preliminary Prospectus.

2.4.4.
Regulations. The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus concerning the effects of
federal, state, local and all foreign regulation on the Offering and the Companys business as currently contemplated are accurate,
correct and complete in all material respects and no other such regulations are required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus which are not so disclosed.

2.4.5.
No Other Distribution of Offering Materials. The Company has not, directly or indirectly, distributed and will not distribute
any offering material in connection with the Offering other than any Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus and
other materials, if any, permitted under the Securities Act and consistent with Section 3.2 below.

6

2.5
Changes After Dates in Registration Statement.

2.5.1.
No Material Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein: (i) there has been no material adverse change in the financial
position or results of operations of the Company, nor any change or development that, singularly or in the aggregate, would involve a
material adverse change or a prospective material adverse change in or affecting the general affairs, management, condition (financial
or otherwise), shareholders equity, results of operations, business, assets, properties or prospects of the Company (a Material
Adverse Change); (ii) there have been no material transactions entered into by the Company, other than as contemplated pursuant
to this Agreement; (iii) no officer or director of the Company has resigned from any position with the Company; and (iv) the Company
has not sustained any material loss or interference with its business or properties from fire, explosion, flood, earthquake, hurricane,
accident or other calamity.

2.5.2.
Recent Securities Transactions, etc. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has not: (i) issued any securities, or incurred any liability or obligation,
direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution on or in respect to its
shares.

2.5.3.
Disclosure in Commission Filings. Since February 10, 2023, (i) none of the Companys filings with the Commission contained
any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and (ii) the Company has made all filings with the Commission
required under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder (the Exchange Act Regulations).

2.6
Independent Accountants. To the knowledge of the Company, ASA & Associates LLP (the Auditor), whose report
is filed with the Commission and included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, is an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations
and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. The Auditor has not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included
or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit
services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

7

2.7
Financial Statements, etc. The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules included or incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, fairly present in all material respects the financial
position and the results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods to which they apply; and such financial statements
have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied
throughout the periods involved (provided that unaudited interim financial statements are subject to year-end audit adjustments that
are not expected to be material in the aggregate and do not contain all footnotes required by GAAP); and the supporting schedules included
or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement present fairly in all material respects the information required to be stated
therein. Except as included or incorporated by reference therein, no historical or pro forma financial statements or supporting schedules
are required to be included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus under
the Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations. The pro forma and pro forma as adjusted financial information and the related notes,
if any, included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus have been properly
compiled and prepared in accordance with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act, the Securities Act Regulations, the Exchange
Act and the Exchange Act Regulations and present fairly in all material respects the information shown therein, and the assumptions used
in the preparation thereof are reasonable and the adjustments used therein are appropriate to give effect to the transactions and circumstances
referred to therein. All disclosures contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or incorporated
or deemed incorporated by reference therein, regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is defined by the rules
and regulations of the Commission), if any, comply with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K of the Securities
Act, to the extent applicable. Each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus discloses all material off-balance
sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations), and other relationships of the Company with unconsolidated
entities or other persons that may have a material current or future effect on the Companys financial condition, changes in financial
condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant components of revenues or expenses.
Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (a) neither the Company nor any of its
direct and indirect subsidiaries, including each entity disclosed or described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus as being a subsidiary of the Company (each, a Subsidiary and, collectively, the Subsidiaries),
has incurred any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent, or entered into any material transactions other than in the
ordinary course of business, (b) the Company has not declared or paid any dividends or made any distribution of any kind with respect
to its shares, (c) there has not been any change in the capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or, other than in the
course of business or any grants under any stock compensation plan, and (d) there has not been any material adverse change in the Companys
long-term or short-term debt.

2.8
Authorized Capital; Options, etc. The Company had, at the date or dates indicated in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, the duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth therein. Based on the assumptions
stated in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date the adjusted
stock capitalization set forth therein. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by, the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, on the date hereof, as of the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date, there was, or will be, no share options, warrants,
or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized, but unissued Ordinary Shares of the Company or any security convertible
or exercisable into Ordinary Shares of the Company, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell Ordinary Shares or any such options,
warrants, rights or convertible securities.

2.9
Valid Issuance of Securities, etc.

2.9.1.
Outstanding Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights
of rescission, rights of first refusal, rights of participation or similar rights with respect thereto or put rights, and are not subject
to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and none of such securities were issued in violation of the preemptive rights,
rights of first refusal or rights of participation or similar rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual
rights granted by the Company. The authorized Ordinary Shares conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained
in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The offers and sales of the outstanding Ordinary Shares were
at all relevant times either registered under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities or blue sky laws or,
based in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers of such Shares, exempt from such registration requirements.

8

2.9.2.
Securities Sold Pursuant to this Agreement. The Securities and Placement Agents Securities have been duly authorized for
issuance and sale and, when issued and paid for pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable;
the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Securities, and the Placement
Agents Securities are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar
contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of
the Securities and the Placement Agents Securities has been duly and validly taken. The Securities and the Placement Agents
Securities conform in all material respects to all statements with respect thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus. All corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Placement Agents
Warrant Agreement has been duly and validly taken; the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Placement Agents Warrant
Agreement (the Underlying Shares) have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance by all necessary corporate
action on the part of the Company and when paid for and issued in accordance with the Placement Agents Warrant Agreement, such
Underlying Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal
liability by reason of being such holders; and such Ordinary Shares are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders
of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company.

2.10
Registration Rights of Third Parties. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
no holders of any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into securities of the Company
have the right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Securities Act or to include any such
securities in a registration statement to be filed by the Company.

2.11
Validity and Binding Effect of Agreements. This Agreement and the Placement Agents Warrant Agreement have been duly and
validly authorized by the Company, and, when executed and delivered, will constitute, the valid and binding agreements of the Company,
enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification
or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance
and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before
which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

9

2.12
No Conflicts, etc. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the Placement Agents Warrant
Agreement, and all ancillary documents, the consummation by the Company of the transactions herein and therein contemplated and the compliance
by the Company with the terms hereof and thereof do not and will not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both:
(i) result in a material breach of, or conflict with any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a material default under, or result
in the creation, modification, termination or imposition of any lien, charge, mortgage, pledge, security interest, claim, equity, trust
or other encumbrance, preferential arrangement or restriction of any kind whatsoever upon any portion of any property or assets of the
Company pursuant to the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, lease, loan agreement or any other agreement or instrument,
license or permit to which the Company is a party or as to which any property of the Company is a party or any of its assets are bound,
except as set forth in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and Prospectus; (ii) result in any violation of the provisions
of the Companys memorandum and articles of association, as amended (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time,
the Charter); or (iii) violate any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any Governmental
Entity as of the date hereof, except where such violation would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.13
No Defaults; Violations. No material default by the Company exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant
or condition of any material license, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement, or any other agreement
or instrument evidencing an obligation for borrowed money, or any other material agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party
or by which the Company may be bound or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company is subject. The Company is not in violation
of any term or provision of its Charter, or, in violation of any franchise, license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment,
order or decree of any Governmental Entity applicable to the Company.

2.14
Corporate Power; Licenses; Consents.

2.14.1.
Conduct of Business. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company
has all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary consents, authorizations, approvals, registrations, orders, licenses,
certificates, qualifications, registrations and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials and bodies that it needs as
of the date hereof to conduct its business purpose as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
except where such failure to have such consents, authorizations, approvals, registrations, orders, license, certificates, qualifications,
registrations and permit would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.14.2.
Transactions Contemplated Herein. The Company has all corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the Placement
Agents Warrant Agreement, and to carry out the provisions and conditions hereof, and all consents, authorizations, approvals,
registrations, orders licenses, certificates, qualifications, registrations and permits required in connection therewith have been obtained.
No consent, authorization or order of, and no filing with, any court, government agency or other body is required for the valid issuance,
sale and delivery of the Securities, the Placement Agents Securities and the consummation of the transactions and agreements contemplated
by this Agreement and the Placement Agents Warrant Agreement and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, except with respect to applicable federal and state securities laws and the rules and regulations of the
Exchange and Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA).

2.15
D&O Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires (the Questionnaires)
completed by each of the Companys directors and officers immediately prior to the Offering (the Insiders)
as supplemented by all information concerning the Companys directors, officers and principal shareholders as described in the
Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, provided to the Placement Agent, is true and correct in all material
respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause the information disclosed in the Questionnaires to
become materially inaccurate and incorrect.

10

2.16
Litigation; Governmental Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation or
governmental proceeding pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against, or involving the Company, or, to the Companys
knowledge, any executive officer or director which has not been disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus or in connection with the Companys listing application for the listing of the Securities on the Exchange and which
is required to be disclosed.

2.17
Good Standing. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a company and is in good standing under the laws
of the British Virgin Islands as of the date hereof, and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each other jurisdiction
in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so
qualified or in good standing, singularly or in the aggregate, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Change.

2.18
Insurance. The Company carries or is entitled to the benefits of insurance, with reputable insurers, in such amounts and covering
such risks which the Company believes are adequate, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least
equal to $5,000,000 and all such insurance is in full force and effect. The Company has no reason to believe that it will not be able
(i) to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such policies expire or (ii) to obtain comparable coverage from similar institutions
as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct its business as now conducted and at a cost that would not result in a Material Adverse
Change.

2.19
Transactions Affecting Disclosure to FINRA.

2.19.1.
Finders Fees. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no
claims, payments, arrangements, agreements or understandings relating to the payment of a finders, consulting or origination fee
by the Company or any Insider with respect to the sale of the Securities hereunder or any other arrangements, agreements or understandings
of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its shareholders that may affect the Placement Agents compensation,
as determined by FINRA.

2.19.2.
Payments Within Twelve (12) Months. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
the Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders fee,
consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who
raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member; or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation
or association with any FINRA member, within the twelve (12) months prior to the date of this Agreement, other than the payment to the
Placement Agent as provided hereunder in connection with the Offering.

2.19.3.
Use of Proceeds. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any participating FINRA member or its
affiliates, except as specifically authorized herein.

2.19.4.
FINRA Affiliation. There is no (i) officer or director of the Company, (ii) beneficial owner of 10% or more of any class of the
Companys securities or (iii) beneficial owner of the Companys unregistered equity securities which were acquired during
the 180-day period immediately preceding the filing of the Registration Statement that is an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA
member participating in the Offering (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA). The Company (i) does not
have any material lending or other relationship with any bank or lending affiliate of any Placement Agent and (ii) does not intend to
use any of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities to repay any outstanding debt owed to any affiliate of any Placement Agent.

11

2.19.5.
Information. All information provided by the Company in its, and to the Companys knowledge, all information provided by
the Companys officers and directors in their FINRA questionnaire to Placement Agent Counsel specifically for use by Placement
Agent Counsel in connection with its Public Offering System filings (and related disclosure) with FINRA is true, correct and complete
in all material respects.

2.20
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. None of the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee
or affiliate of the Company or any other person acting on behalf of the Company, has, directly or indirectly, (i) given or agreed to
give any money, gift or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions to customers in the ordinary course of business) to any customer,
supplier, employee or agent of a customer or supplier, or official or employee of any governmental agency or instrumentality of any government
(domestic or foreign) or any political party or candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in
a position to help or hinder the business of the Company (or assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction) that (a)
might subject the Company to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding, (b) if not given
in the past, might have had a Material Adverse Change; (c) if not continued in the future, might adversely affect the assets, business,
operations or prospects of the Company; or (d) violated or is in violation of any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the
FCPA) or any applicable non-U.S. anti-bribery statute or regulation; (ii) made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence
payment, kickback or other unlawful payment; or (iii) received notice of any investigation, proceeding or inquiry by any Governmental
Entity regarding any of the matters in clauses (i) or (ii) above; and the Company has conducted its business in compliance with the FCPA
in all material respects, and has instituted and maintains policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected
to ensure, that the Company will continue to comply in all material respects with the FCPA. The Company has taken reasonable steps to
ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply in all material respects with the FCPA.

2.21
Compliance with OFAC. None of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer,
agent, employee or affiliate of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries or any other person acting on behalf of the Company and any of
its Subsidiaries, is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department
of the Treasury (OFAC), and the Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Offering hereunder,
or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity, for
the purpose of financing the activities of any person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.

2.22
Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Exchange Act) contained in either the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package or Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed
without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith.

2.23
Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance
with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as
amended, the money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations
or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Entity (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws);
and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental Entity involving the Company with respect to the Money Laundering Laws
is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened.

12

2.24
Officers Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to you or to Placement
Agent Counsel shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Placement Agent as to the matters covered thereby.

2.25
Subsidiaries. All direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company are duly organized and in good standing under the laws of the
place of organization or incorporation, and each Subsidiary is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease
of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify would not have a material adverse
effect on the assets, business or operations of the Company taken as a whole. The Companys ownership and control of each Subsidiary
is as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

2.26
Related Party Transactions. There are no business relationships or related party transactions involving the Company or any other
person required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus that have not been described
as required.

2.27
No Relationships with Customers and Suppliers. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company on the
one hand, and the directors, officers, 5% or greater shareholders, customers or suppliers of the Company or any of the Companys
affiliates on the other hand, which is required to be described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or a document incorporated
by reference therein and which is not so described.

2.28
No Unconsolidated Entities. There are no transactions, arrangements or other relationships between and/or among the Company, any
of its affiliates (as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) and any unconsolidated entity, including, but not limited
to, any structured finance, special purpose or limited purpose entity that could reasonably be expected to materially affect the Companys
liquidity or the availability of or requirements for its capital resources required to be described in the Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus or a document incorporated by reference therein which have not been described as required.

2.29
Board of Directors. The Board of Directors of the Company is comprised of the persons disclosed in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of
the board comply with the Exchange Act, the Exchange Act Regulations, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder
(the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) applicable to the Company and the listing rules of the Exchange. At least one member of
the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such
term is defined under Regulation S-K and the listing rules of the Exchange. In addition, at least a majority of the persons serving on
the Board of Directors qualify as independent, as defined under the listing rules of the Exchange.

2.30
Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance.

2.30.1.
Disclosure Controls. The Company has developed and currently maintains disclosure controls and procedures that will comply with
Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations and such controls and procedures are effective to ensure that all material information
concerning the Company will be made known on a timely basis to the individuals responsible for the preparation of the Companys
Exchange Act filings and other public disclosure documents.

13

2.30.2.
Compliance. The Company is, or at the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date will be, in material compliance with the provisions
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act applicable to it, and has implemented or will implement such programs and taken reasonable steps to ensure
the Companys future compliance (not later than the relevant statutory and regulatory deadlines therefor) with all of the material
provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

2.30.3.
Accounting Controls. The Company and its Subsidiaries maintain systems of internal control over financial reporting
(as defined under Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations) that comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act and
have been designed by, or under the supervision of, their respective principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons
performing similar functions, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including, but not limited to, internal accounting controls sufficient
to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations;
(ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset
accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and
(iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken
with respect to any differences. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company
is not aware of any material weaknesses in its internal controls. The Companys auditors and the Audit Committee of the Board of
Directors of the Company have been advised of: (i) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal controls over financial reporting which are known to the Companys management and that have adversely affected or are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the Companys ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
(ii) any fraud known to the Companys management, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
a significant role in the Companys internal controls over financial reporting. Since the date of the latest audited financial
statements included in the Disclosure Package, there has been no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting.

2.31
No Investment Company Status. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the Offering and the application of the proceeds
thereof as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, will not be, required to register as an
investment company, as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

2.32
No Labor Disputes. No labor dispute with the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of
the Company, is imminent.

14

2.33
Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses or has valid rights to use all patents,
patent applications, trademarks, service marks, trade names, trademark registrations, service mark registrations, copyrights, licenses,
inventions, trade secrets and similar rights (Intellectual Property Rights) necessary for the conduct of the business
of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently carried on and as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus, except where the failure to own or possess such rights would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material
Adverse Change. To the knowledge of the Company, no action or use by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries necessary for the conduct
of its business as currently carried on and as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus will involve or give rise to
any infringement of, or license or similar fees for, any Intellectual Property Rights of others. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
has received any notice alleging any such infringement of, license or similar fees for, or conflict with any asserted Intellectual Property
Rights of others. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change
(A) to the knowledge of the Company, there is no infringement, misappropriation or violation by third parties of any of the Intellectual
Property Rights owned by the Company; (B) there is no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened action, suit, proceeding
or claim by others challenging the rights of the Company in or to any such Intellectual Property Rights, and the Company is unaware of
any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim, that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other
claims in this Section 2.33, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (C) the Intellectual Property Rights owned
by the Company and, to the knowledge of the Company, the Intellectual Property Rights licensed to the Company have not been adjudged
by a court of competent jurisdiction invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and there is no pending or, to the Companys
knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property
Rights, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim that would, individually or in
the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 2.33, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (D)
there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others that the Company infringes,
misappropriates or otherwise violates any Intellectual Property Rights or other proprietary rights of others, the Company has not received
any written notice of such claim and the Company is unaware of any other facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim
that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 2.33, reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Change; and (E) to the Companys knowledge, no employee of the Company is in or has ever been in violation in
any material respect of any term of any employment contract, patent disclosure agreement, invention assignment agreement, non-competition
agreement, non-solicitation agreement, nondisclosure agreement or any restrictive covenant to or with a former employer where the basis
of such violation relates to such employees employment with the Company, or actions undertaken by the employee while employed
with the Company and could reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change. To the Companys
knowledge, all material technical information developed by and belonging to the Company which has not been patented or disclosed in a
patent application has been kept confidential. The Company is not a party to or bound by any options, licenses or agreements with respect
to the Intellectual Property Rights of any other person or entity that are required to be set forth in the Registration Statement, the
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and are not described therein. The Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
contain in all material respects the same description of the matters set forth in the preceding sentence. None of the technology employed
by the Company has been obtained or is being used by the Company in violation of any contractual obligation binding on the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its officers, directors or employees, or otherwise in violation
of the rights of any persons.

To
the Companys knowledge, all licenses for the use of the Intellectual Property Rights described in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus are in full force and effect in all material respects and are enforceable by the Company and,
to the Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with their terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability
of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy
of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion
of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company,
and the Company, has no knowledge, that any other party is in default thereunder and no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time
or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder.

15

2.34
Taxes. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has filed all returns (as hereinafter defined) required to be filed with taxing
authorities prior to the date hereof or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries
has paid all taxes (as hereinafter defined) shown as due on such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on or assessed
against the Company or such respective Subsidiary. The provisions for taxes payable, if any, shown on the financial statements filed
with or as part of the Registration Statement are sufficient for all accrued and unpaid taxes, whether or not disputed, and for all periods
to and including the dates of such consolidated financial statements. Except as disclosed in writing to the Placement Agent, (i) no issues
have been raised (and are currently pending) by any taxing authority in connection with any of the returns or taxes asserted as due from
the Company or its Subsidiaries, and (ii) no waivers of statutes of limitation with respect to the returns or collection of taxes have
been given by or requested from the Company or its Subsidiaries. The term taxes means all federal, state, local, foreign
and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, lease, service, service
use, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall profits, customs, duties or
other taxes, fees, assessments or charges of any kind whatever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or additional
amounts with respect thereto. The term returns means all returns, declarations, reports, statements and other documents
required to be filed in respect to taxes.

2.35
ERISA Compliance. The Company and any employee benefit plan (as defined under the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (collectively, ERISA)) established
or maintained by the Company or its ERISA Affiliates (as defined below) are in compliance in all material respects with
ERISA. ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to the Company, any member of any group of organizations described in Sections
414(b),(c),(m) or (o) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder
(the Code) of which the Company is a member. No reportable event (as defined under ERISA) has occurred or
is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company or any
of its ERISA Affiliates. No employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates,
if such employee benefit plan were terminated, would have any amount of unfunded benefit liabilities (as
defined under ERISA). Neither the Company, nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any material liability
under (i) Title IV of ERISA with respect to termination of, or withdrawal from, any employee benefit plan or (ii) Sections
412, 4971, 4975 or 4980B of the Code. Each employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company, or any of its
ERISA Affiliates that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and, to the knowledge of the Company,
nothing has occurred, whether by action or failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification.

16

2.36
Compliance with Laws. The Company: (A) is and at all times during the past three years has been in compliance with all statutes,
rules, regulations, ordinances, judgments, orders and decrees of all Governmental Entities applicable to the Companys business
(Applicable Laws), except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in or
have a Material Adverse Change; (B) has not received any warning letter, untitled letter or other correspondence or notice from any other
Governmental Entity alleging or asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Laws or any licenses, consents, certificates, approvals,
clearances, authorizations, permits, orders and supplements or amendments thereto required by any such Applicable Laws (Authorizations);
(C) possesses all material Authorizations and such Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect and are not in material violation
of any term of any such Authorizations; (D) has not received notice of any claim, action, suit, litigation, proceeding, hearing, enforcement,
investigation, inquiry, arbitration or other action from any Governmental Entity or third party alleging that any product operation or
activity is in violation of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such Governmental Entity or third party
is considering any such claim, litigation, arbitration, action, suit, litigation proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, inquiry,
arbitration or other action; (E) has not received notice that any Governmental Entity has taken, is taking or intends to take action
to limit, suspend, modify or revoke any Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such Governmental Entity considering such action;
(F) has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all material reports, documents, forms, filings, notices, applications, records, claims,
submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and that all such reports, documents,
forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were complete and correct in all material respects
on the date filed (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission); and (G) has not, either voluntarily or involuntarily,
initiated, conducted, or issued or caused to be initiated, conducted or issued, any recall, market withdrawal or replacement, safety
alert, post-sale warning, dear doctor letter, or other notice or action relating to the alleged lack of safety or efficacy
of any product or any alleged product defect or violation and, to the Companys knowledge, no third party has initiated, conducted
or intends to initiate any such notice or action.

2.37
Ineligible Issuer. At the time of filing the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time of effectiveness
of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto, at the earliest time thereafter that the Company or another offering participant
made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the Securities Act Regulations) of the Securities and at the date hereof,
the Company was and is an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405.

2.38
Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all foreign, federal, state and local rules, laws
and regulations relating to the use, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances or waste and protection of health
and safety or the environment which are applicable to their businesses (Environmental Laws), except where the failure
to comply would not, singularly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change. There has been no storage, generation, transportation,
handling, treatment, disposal, discharge, emission, or other release of any kind of toxic or other wastes or other hazardous substances
by, due to, or caused by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or, to the Companys knowledge, any other entity for whose acts
or omissions the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may otherwise be liable) upon any of the property now or previously owned or
leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries , or upon any other property, in violation of any law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation,
order, judgment, decree or permit or which would, under any law, statute, ordinance, rule (including rule of common law), regulation,
order, judgment, decree or permit, give rise to any liability; and there has been no disposal, discharge, emission or other release of
any kind onto such property or into the environment surrounding such property of any toxic or other wastes or other hazardous substances
with respect to which the Company has knowledge.

17

2.39
Real Property. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company and each
of its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to, or have valid rights to lease or otherwise use, all items of real
or personal property which are material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, in each case free and clear
of all liens, encumbrances, security interests, claims and defects that do not, singly or in the aggregate, materially affect the value
of such property and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;
and all of the leases and subleases material to the business of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise, and under
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries holds properties described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, are in full force and effect, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of any material claim of
any sort that has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the Company or any Subsidiary under any of the leases or subleases
mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the rights of the Company or such Subsidiary to the continued possession of the leased or
subleased premises under any such lease or sublease.

2.40
Contracts Affecting Capital. There are no transactions, arrangements or other relationships between and/or among the Company,
any of its affiliates (as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations) and any unconsolidated entity, including,
but not limited to, any structured finance, special purpose or limited purpose entity that could reasonably be expected to materially
affect the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries liquidity or the availability of or requirements for their capital resources
required to be described or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus which
have not been described or incorporated by reference as required.

2.41
Loans to Directors or Officers. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances for business expenses in the
ordinary course of business) or guarantees or indebtedness by the Company or its Subsidiaries to or for the benefit of any of the officers
or directors of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

2.42
Emerging Growth Company. From the time of the initial confidential submission of the Registration Statement to the Commission
(or, if earlier, the first date on which the Company engaged directly in or through any Person authorized to act on its behalf in any
Testing-the Waters Communication) through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company, as defined
in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act (an Emerging Growth Company). Testing-the-Waters Communication means
any oral or written communication with potential investors undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of the Securities Act.

2.43
Smaller Reporting Company. As of the time of filing of the Registration Statement, the Company was, and currently is, a smaller
reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act Regulations.

2.44
Industry Data. The statistical and market-related data included in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate
or represent the Companys good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived from such sources.

2.45
Margin Securities. The Company owns no margin securities as that term is defined in Regulation U of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board), and none of the proceeds of Offering will be
used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security, for the purpose of reducing or retiring
any indebtedness which was originally incurred to purchase or carry any margin security or for any other purpose which might cause any
of the Ordinary Shares to be considered a purpose credit within the meanings of Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve
Board.

18

2.46
Exchange Act Reports. The Company has filed in a timely manner all reports required to be filed pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(e),
14 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (except to the extent that Section 15(d) requires reports to be filed
pursuant to Sections 13(d) and 13(g) of the Exchange Act, which shall be governed by the next clause of this sentence); and the Company
has filed in a timely manner all reports required to be filed pursuant to Sections 13(d) and 13(g) of the Exchange Act since August 2023,
except where the failure to timely file could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse
Change.

2.47
Minute Books. The minute books of the Company and each Subsidiary have been made available to the Placement Agent and Placement
Agent Counsel, and such books (i) contain a complete summary of all meetings and actions of the board of directors (including each board
committee) and stockholders of the Company and each Subsidiary (or analogous governing bodies and interest holders, as applicable), and
since August 2023 through the date of the latest meeting and action, and (ii) accurately in all material respects reflect all transactions
referred to in such minutes. There are no material transactions, agreements, dispositions or other actions of the Company and each Subsidiary
that are not properly approved and/or accurately and fairly recorded in the minute books of the Company or its Subsidiary, as applicable.

2.48
Integration. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly,
made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause the Offering
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act that would require the registration of any such
securities under the Securities Act.

2.49
No Stabilization. Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or shareholders (without the consent
of the Placement Agent) has taken or shall take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might
reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under Regulation M of the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of
the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities.

2.50
Confidentiality and Non-Competition. To the Companys knowledge, no director, officer, key employee or consultant of the
Company is subject to any confidentiality, non-disclosure, non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with any employer
or prior employer that could reasonably be expected to materially affect his ability to be and act in his respective capacity of the
Company or be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.51
Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company has not (i) alone engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communications, other than
Testing-the-Waters Communications with the written consent of the Placement Agent and with entities that are qualified institutional
buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule
501 under the Securities Act and (ii) authorized anyone other than the Placement Agent to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications.
The Company confirms that the Placement Agent has been authorized to act on its behalf in undertaking Testing-the-Waters Communications.
The Company has not distributed any Written Testing-the-Waters Communications other than those listed on Schedule 2 hereto. Written
Testing-the-Waters Communication means any Testing-the-Waters Communication that is a written communication within the meaning
of Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

19

2.52
Electronic Road Show. The Company has made available a Bona Fide Electronic Road Show in compliance with Rule 433(d)(8)(ii) of
the Securities Act Regulations such that no filing of any road show (as defined in Rule 433(h) of the Securities Act Regulations)
is required in connection with the Offering.

3.
Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees as follows:

3.1
Amendments to Registration Statement. The Company shall deliver to the Placement Agent, prior to filing, any amendment or supplement
to the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus, Disclosure Package or Prospectus proposed to be filed after the date hereof and
not file any such amendment or supplement to which the Placement Agent shall reasonably object in writing.

3.2
Federal Securities Laws.

3.2.1.
Compliance. The Company, subject to Section 3.2.2, shall comply with the requirements of Rule 424(b) and Rule 430B of the Securities
Act Regulations, and will notify the Placement Agent promptly, and confirm the notice in writing, (i) when any post-effective amendment
to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to any Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus
shall have been filed and when any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement shall become effective; (ii) of the receipt
of any comments from the Commission; (iii) of any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment
or supplement to any Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or for additional information; (iv) of the issuance
by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or of
any order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or of the suspension
of the qualification of the Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings
for any of such purposes or of any examination pursuant to Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the Securities Act concerning the Registration Statement;
and (v) if the Company becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the Securities Act in connection with the Offering of
the Securities. Company shall effect all filings required under Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act Regulations, in the manner and within
the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)), and shall take such steps as it deems necessary to ascertain
promptly whether the form of prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424(b) was received for filing by the Commission and, in the
event that it was not, it will promptly file such prospectus. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance
of any stop order, prevention or suspension and, if any such order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible
moment.

20

3.2.2.
Continued Compliance. The Company shall comply with the Securities Act, the Securities Act Regulations, the Exchange Act and the
Exchange Act Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Securities as contemplated in this Agreement and in
the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. If at any time when a prospectus relating to the Securities is
(or, but for the exception afforded by Rule 172 of the Securities Act Regulations (Rule 172), would be) required
by the Securities Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Securities, any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a
result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Placement Agent or for the Company, to (i) amend the Registration
Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (ii) amend or supplement the Disclosure
Package or the Prospectus in order that the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, will not include any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in orderto make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the
circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser or (iii) amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the
Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, in order to comply with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Securities
Act Regulations, the Company will promptly (A) give the Placement Agent notice of such event; (B) prepare any amendment or supplement
as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus
comply with such requirements and, a reasonable amount of time prior to any proposed filing or use, furnish the Placement Agent with
copies of any such amendment or supplement and (C) file with the Commission any such amendment or supplement; provided, however, that
the Company shall not file or use any such amendment or supplement to which the Placement Agent or counsel for the Placement Agent shall
reasonably object. The Company will furnish to the Placement Agent such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Placement
Agent may reasonably request. The Company has given the Placement Agent notice of any filings made pursuant to the Exchange Act or the
Exchange Act Regulations within 48 hours prior to the Applicable Time. The Company shall give the Placement Agent notice of its intention
to make any such filing from the Applicable Time until the Closing Date and will furnish the Placement Agent with copies of the related
document(s) a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing, as the case may be, and will not file or use any such document
to which the Placement Agent or counsel for the Placement Agent shall reasonably object.

3.2.3.
Exchange Act Registration. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall use its best efforts
to maintain the registration of the Ordinary Shares under the Exchange Act. The Company shall not voluntary deregister the Ordinary Shares
under the Exchange Act without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent.

3.2.4.
Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, it shall
not make any offer relating to the Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute
a free writing prospectus, or a portion thereof, required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by
the Company under Rule 433; provided, however, that the Placement Agent shall be deemed to have consented to each Issuer General Use
Free Writing Prospectus hereto and any road show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i)
that has been reviewed by the Placement Agent. The Company represents that it has treated or agrees that it will treat each such free
writing prospectus consented to, or deemed consented to, by the Placement Agent as an issuer free writing prospectus, as
defined in Rule 433, and that it has complied and will comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 433 with respect thereto, including
timely filing with the Commission where required, legending and record keeping. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would
conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or included or would include an untrue statement of a material
fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
existing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Placement Agent and will promptly amend or supplement,
at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission.

21

3.2.5.
Testing-the-Waters Communications. If at any time following the distribution of any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication there
occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication included or would include
an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances existing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company shall promptly notify the Placement Agent
and shall promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication to eliminate or correct such
untrue statement or omission.

3.3
Delivery to the Placement Agent of Registration Statements. The Company has delivered or made available or shall deliver or make
available to the Placement Agent and counsel for the Placement Agent, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement as
originally filed and each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith or incorporated by reference therein and documents incorporated
or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also deliver
to the Placement Agent, without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and each amendment thereto
(without exhibits) for each of the Placement Agent. The copies of the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to
the Placement Agent will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except
to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

3.4
Delivery to the Placement Agent of Prospectuses. The Company has delivered or made available or will deliver or make available
to the Placement Agent, without charge, as many copies of each Preliminary Prospectus as the Placement Agent reasonably requested, and
the Company hereby consents to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the Securities Act. The Company will furnish to the Placement
Agent, without charge, during the period when a prospectus relating to the Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule
172, would be) required to be delivered under the Securities Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented)
as the Placement Agent may reasonably request. The Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Placement Agent
will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent
permitted by Regulation S-T.

3.5
Effectiveness and Events Requiring Notice to the Placement Agent. The Company shall use its best efforts to cause the Registration
Statement to remain effective with a current prospectus until at least nine (9) months after the Applicable Time, and shall notify the
Placement Agent immediately and confirm the notice in writing: (i) of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and any amendment
thereto; (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that
purpose; (iii) of the issuance by any state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Securities
for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, to the Companys knowledge, of any proceeding
for that purpose; (iv) of the mailing and delivery to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement
or Prospectus; (v) of the receipt of any comments or request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of the happening
of any event during the period described in this Section 3.5 that, in the judgment of the Company, makes any statement of a material
fact made in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making of any changes in
(a) the Registration Statement in order to make the statements therein not misleading, or (b) in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus
in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Commission
or any state securities commission shall enter a stop order or suspend such qualification at any time, the Company shall make every reasonable
effort to obtain promptly the lifting of such order.

22

3.6
Review of Financial Statements. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company, at its expense,
shall cause its regularly engaged independent registered public accounting firm to review (but not audit) the Companys financial
statements for each of the three fiscal quarters immediately preceding the announcement of any quarterly financial information.

3.7
Listing. The Company shall use its best efforts to maintain the listing of the Ordinary Shares (including the Securities) on the
Exchange for at least three (3) years from the date of this Agreement.

3.8
Financial Public Relations Firm. The Company has retained a financial public relations firm reasonably acceptable to the Placement
Agent and the Company, which firm shall be experienced in assisting issuers in public offerings of securities and in their relations
with their security holders, and shall retain such firm or another firm reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent for a period of
not less than two (2) years after the date hereof. The Placement Agent acknowledges that Guttenberg is acceptable to the Placement Agent
for purposes of this paragraph.

3.9
Reports to the Placement Agent.

3.9.1.
Periodic Reports, etc. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall furnish or make available
to the Placement Agent copies of such financial statements and other periodic and special reports as the Company from time to time furnishes
generally to holders of any class of its securities and also promptly furnish to the Placement Agent: (i) a copy of each periodic report
the Company shall be required to file with the Commission under the Exchange Act and the Exchange Act Regulations; (ii) a copy of every
press release and every news item and article with respect to the Company or its affairs which was released by the Company; (iii) a copy
of each Form 8-K prepared and filed by the Company; (iv) five copies of each registration statement filed by the Company under the Securities
Act; (v) a copy of each report or other communication furnished to stockholders; and (vi) such additional documents and information with
respect to the Company and the affairs of any future subsidiaries of the Company as the Placement Agent may from time to time reasonably
request; provided, however, the Placement Agent shall sign, if requested by the Company, a Regulation FD compliant confidentiality agreement
which is reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent and Placement Agent Counsel in connection with the Placement Agents receipt
of such information. Documents filed with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Placement
Agent pursuant to this Section 3.9.1.

3.9.2.
Transfer Agent; Transfer Sheets. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall retain a
transfer agent, and registrar acceptable to the Placement Agent (the Transfer Agent) and shall furnish to the Placement
Agent at the Companys sole cost and expense such transfer sheets of the Companys securities as the Placement Agent may
reasonably request, including the daily and monthly consolidated transfer sheets of the Transfer Agent and DTC. Continental Stock Transfer
& Trust Company is acceptable to the Placement Agent to act as Transfer Agent for the Ordinary Shares.

3.9.3.
Trading Reports. During such time as the Securities are listed on the Exchange, the Company shall provide to the Placement Agent,
at the Companys expense, such reports published by Exchange relating to price trading of the Securities, as the Placement Agent
shall reasonably request.

23

3.10
Payment of Expenses. The Company hereby agrees to pay the Closing Date, to the extent not paid at the Closing Date, all expenses
incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement, including, but not limited to: (a) all filing fees
and communication expenses relating to the registration of the Securities to be sold in the Offering with the Commission; (b) all filing
fees and expenses associated with the review of the Offering by FINRA; (c) all fees and expenses relating to the listing of such Shares
on The Nasdaq Global Market and on such other stock exchanges as the Company and the Placement Agent together determine, including any
fees charged by The Depository Trust Company (DTC) for new securities; (d) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to background
checks of the Companys officers, directors and entities in an amount not to exceed $15,000 in the aggregate; (e) all fees, expenses
and disbursements relating to the registration or qualification of such Shares under the blue sky securities laws of such
states, if applicable, and other jurisdictions as the Placement Agent may reasonably designate; (f) all fees, expenses and disbursements
relating to the registration, qualification or exemption of such Shares under the securities laws of such foreign jurisdictions as the
Placement Agent may reasonably designate; (g) the costs of all mailing and printing of the offering documents (including, without limitation,
the Placement Agent Agreement, any Blue Sky Surveys and, if appropriate, any Agreement Among Placement Agent, Selected Dealers
Agreement, Placement Agent Questionnaire and Power of Attorney), Registration Statements, Prospectuses and all amendments, supplements
and exhibits thereto and as many preliminary and final Prospectuses as the Placement Agent may reasonably deem necessary; (h) the costs
and expenses of the Companys public relations firm; (i) the costs of preparing, printing and delivering certificates representing
the Securities; (j) fees and expenses of the transfer agent for the Ordinary Shares; (k) stock transfer and/or stamp taxes, if any, payable
upon the transfer of securities from the Company to the Placement Agent; (l) the costs associated with post-Closing advertising the Offering
in the national editions of the Wall Street Journal and New York Times; (m) the costs associated with bound volumes of the public offering
materials as well as commemorative mementos and lucite tombstones, each of which the Company or its designee will provide within a reasonable
time after the Closing in such quantities as the Placement Agent may reasonably request; (n) the fees and expenses of the Companys
accountants; (o) the fees and expenses of the Companys legal counsel and other agents and representatives; (p) the fees and expenses
of the Placement Agents legal counsel; (q) the $29,500 cost associated with the use of Ipreos book building, prospectus
tracking and compliance software for the Offering; (r) $10,000 for data services and communications expenses; and (s) up to $10,000 of
the Placement Agents actual accountable road show expenses; provided that the aggregate amount of all reimbursed
expenses of the Placement Agent pursuant to this Section 3.10 shall not exceed $60,000 in the aggregate. The Placement Agent may deduct
from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company on the Closing Date, the expenses set forth herein (less any amounts previously
advanced against such actual reimbursable expense) to be paid by the Company to the Placement Agent; provided however, that in the event
that the Offering is terminated, the Company agrees to reimburse the Placement Agent pursuant to Section 8.3.

3.11
Application of Net Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the Offering received by it in a manner consistent
with the application thereof described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus.

3.12
Delivery of Earnings Statements to Security Holders. The Company shall make generally available to its security holders as soon
as practicable, but not later than the first day of the fifteenth (15th) full calendar month following the date of this Agreement,
an earnings statement (which need not be certified by independent registered public accounting firm unless required by the Securities
Act or the Securities Act Regulations, but which shall satisfy the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Securities Act)
covering a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months beginning after the date of this Agreement.

24

3.13
Stabilization. Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or shareholders (without the consent
of the Placement Agent) has taken or shall take directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might
reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under Regulation M of the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of
the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities.

3.14
Internal Controls. The Company shall maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances
that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded
as necessary in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets;
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded
accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any
differences.

3.15
Accountants. As of the date of this Agreement, the Company shall continue to retain a nationally recognized independent registered
public accounting firm for a period of at least three (3) years after the date of this Agreement. The Placement Agent acknowledges that
the Auditor is acceptable to the Placement Agent.

3.16
FINRA. The Company shall advise the Placement Agent (who shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is or becomes aware
that (i) any officer or director of the Company, (ii) any beneficial owner of 5% or more of any class of the Companys securities
or (iii) any beneficial owner of the Companys unregistered equity securities which were acquired during the 180 days immediately
preceding the filing of the Registration Statement is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in
the Offering (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA).

3.17 No Fiduciary Duties. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agents responsibility to the Company is solely
contractual in nature and that none of the Placement Agent or their affiliates or any selling agent shall be deemed to be acting in a
fiduciary capacity, or otherwise owes any fiduciary duty to the Company or any of its affiliates in connection with the Offering and
the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

25

3.18
Company Lock-Up Agreements. The Company, on behalf of itself and any successor entity, agrees that, without the prior written
consent of the Placement Agent, it will not for a period of thirty (30) days after the date of this Agreement (the Lock-Up
Period), (i) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract
to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares
of capital stock of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the
Company; (ii) file or cause to be filed any registration statement with the Commission relating to the offering of any shares of capital
stock of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company other
than a registration statement on Form S- 4 or Form S-8; (iii) complete any offering of debt securities of the Company, other than entering
into a line of credit with a traditional bank or (iv) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or
in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of shares of the Company, whether any such transaction described in clause (i),
(ii), (iii) or (iv) above is to be settled by delivery of shares of the Company or such other securities, in cash or otherwise. In addition,
the Company agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, it will not, during the period ending thirty (30)
days after the date hereof waive any existing transfer restriction or lock-up agreement applicable to securities held by any of the Companys
executive officers or directors, or any owner of 5% or more of the Companys outstanding Ordinary Shares (or securities convertible
into or exercisable for Ordinary Shares) that is affiliated with any such officer or director. The restrictions contained in this Section
3.18 shall not apply to (i) the Ordinary Shares to be sold hereunder, (ii) the issuance by the Company of Ordinary Shares upon the exercise
of a stock option or warrant or the conversion of a security outstanding on the date hereof, which is disclosed in the Registration Statement,
Disclosure Package and Prospectus, provided that such options, warrants, and securities have not been amended since the date of this
Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities
or to extend the term of such securities, (iii) the issuance by the Company of stock options, shares of the Company or other awards under
any equity compensation plan of the Company, (iv) the filing of a registration statement on Form S-8 relating to employee benefit plans,
(v) Ordinary Shares, or securities convertible into or exercisable for Ordinary Shares, offered and sold in a privately negotiated transaction
to vendors, customers, strategic partners or potential strategic partners or other investors conducted in a manner so as not to be integrated
(for purposes of the Securities Act) with the offering of the Securities hereby, and (vi) the issuance of Ordinary Shares in connection
with any acquisition, strategic investment or other similar transaction (including any joint venture, strategic alliance or partnership);
provided that in each of (ii) (iv) above, the underlying shares shall be restricted from sale during the entire Lock-Up Period.

3.19
Blue Sky Qualifications. The Company shall use its best efforts, in cooperation with the Placement Agent, if necessary, to qualify
the Securities for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign)
as the Placement Agent may designate and to maintain such qualifications in effect so long as required to complete the distribution of
the Securities; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify
as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified or to subject itself to taxation
in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject.

3.20
Reporting Requirements. The Company, during the period when a prospectus relating to the Securities is (or, but for the exception
afforded by Rule 172, would be) required to be delivered under the Securities Act, will file all documents required to be filed with
the Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act within the time periods required by the Exchange Act and Exchange Act Regulations. Additionally,
the Company shall report the use of proceeds from the issuance of the Securities as may be required under Rule 463 under the Securities
Act Regulations.

3.21
Press Release. Prior to the Closing Date and for a period of ten (10) days after the Closing Date, the Company shall not issue
any press release or other communication directly or indirectly or hold any press conference with respect to the Company, its condition,
financial or otherwise, or earnings, business affairs or business prospects (except for routine oral marketing communications in the
ordinary course of business and consistent with the past practices of the Company and of which the Placement Agent is notified), without
the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, unless in
the judgment of the Company and its counsel, and after notification to the Placement Agent, such press release or communication is required
by law.

26

3.22
Sarbanes Oxley. The Company shall at all times comply with all applicable provisions of the Sarbanes Oxley Act in effect from
time to time.

3.23
Emerging Growth Company Status. The Company shall promptly notify the Placement Agent if the Company ceases to be an Emerging
Growth Company at any time prior to the later of (i) completion of the distribution of the Securities within the meaning of the Securities
Act and (ii) fifteen (15) days following the completion of the Lock-Up Period.

3.24
Reservation of Ordinary Shares. The Company shall keep available at all times, free of pre-emptive rights, a sufficient number
of authorized but unissued Ordinary Shares for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue the Underlying Shares.

4.
Representations and Warranties of the Placement Agent. The Placement Agent represents and warrants to the Company as of the Applicable
Time and as of the Closing Date as follows:

4.1.1.
Authority. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Placement Agent, and upon due execution and
delivery by the Company, this Agreement will be a valid and binding agreement of the Placement Agent enforceable against it in accordance
with its terms, except as may be limited by principles of public policy and, as to enforceability, subject to applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or affecting creditors rights from time to time in effect
and subject to general equity principles.

4.1.2.
No Conflict. None of the execution or delivery of or performance by the Placement Agent under this Agreement or any other agreement
or document entered into by the Placement Agent in connection herewith or the consummation of the transactions herein or therein contemplated
conflicts with or violates, any agreement or other instrument to which the Placement Agent is a party or by which its assets may be bound,
or its limited liability company agreement, or any license, permit, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or regulation applicable to
the Placement Agent or any of its assets, except in each case as would not have a material adverse effect on the transactions contemplated
hereby.

4.1.3.
Compliance with FINRA. The Placement Agent is a member in good standing of FINRA and is registered as a broker-dealer under the
Exchange Act, and under the securities acts of each state into which it is making offers or sales of the Securities. The Placement Agent
is in compliance with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission and FINRA, except to the extent that such noncompliance
would not have a material adverse effect on the transactions contemplated hereby. None of the Placement Agent or its affiliates, or any
person acting on behalf of the foregoing (other than the Company or its affiliates or any person acting on its or their behalf, in respect
of which no representation is made) has taken nor will take any action that conflicts with the conditions and requirements of, or that
would make unavailable with respect to the Offering, the exemption(s) from registration available pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act or knows of any reason why any such exemption would be otherwise unavailable to it.

4.1.4.
No Disqualification Event. Neither the Placement Agent nor any of the Placement Agents Related Persons (as defined below) are
subject to any Disqualification Event as of the date hereof. The Placement Agent has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any
Placement Agent Related Person is subject to such a Disqualification Event. As used herein, Placement Agent Related Persons
means any predecessor of the relevant Placement Agent, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Placement
Agent participating in the Offering, any general partner or managing member of the Placement Agent, any beneficial owner of 20% or more
of the Placement Agents outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, and any promoter
(as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the Placement Agent in any capacity. The Placement Agent agrees to promptly
notify the Company in writing of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Placement Agent Related Person and (ii) any event that
would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Placement Agent Related Person.

27

4.1.5.
FINRA Affiliations. There are no affiliations with any FINRA member firm among the Companys officers, directors or, to
the knowledge of the Company, any five percent (5.0%) or greater shareholder of the Company, except as set forth in the Registration
Statement.

5.
Conditions to Closing. The obligations of the Investors to purchase and pay for the Securities shall be subject to (i) the continuing
accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company and the Placement Agent as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date;
(ii) the accuracy of the statements of officers of the Company made pursuant to the provisions hereof; (iii) the performance by the Company
of its obligations hereunder; and (iv) the following conditions:

5.1
Regulatory Matters.

5.1.1.
Commission Actions; Required Filings. At the Closing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement
or any post-effective amendment thereto has been issued under the Securities Act, no order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary
Prospectus or the Prospectus has been issued and no proceedings for any of those purposes have been instituted or are pending or, to
the Companys knowledge, contemplated by the Commission. The Company has complied with each request (if any) from the Commission
for additional information. A Prospectus containing the Rule 430B Information shall have been filed with the Commission in the manner
and within the time frame required by Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act Regulations (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)) or a post-effective
amendment providing such information shall have been filed with, and declared effective by, the Commission in accordance with the requirements
of Rule 430B under the Securities Act regulations.

5.1.2.
Exchange Clearance. On the Closing Date, the Companys Ordinary Shares shall have been approved for listing on the Exchange,
subject only to official notice of issuance.

5.2
Company Counsel Matters.

5.2.1.
Closing Date Opinion of U.S. Counsel for the Company. On the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received the opinion
of Greenberg Traurig, LLP, U.S. counsel to the Company, and a written statement providing certain 10b-5 negative assurances,
dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Placement Agent, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent.

5.2.2.
Closing Date Opinion of British Virgin Islands Counsel for the Company. On the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received
the favorable opinion of Maples and Calder, as British Virgin Islands counsel to the Company, dated the Closing Date and addressed to
the Placement Agent, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent.

28

5.2.3.
Reliance. In rendering such opinions, such counsel may rely: (i) as to matters involving the application of laws other than the
laws of the United States and jurisdictions in which they are admitted, to the extent such counsel deems proper and to the extent specified
in such opinion, if at all, upon an opinion or opinions (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent) of other
counsel reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent, familiar with the applicable laws; and (ii) as to matters of fact, to the extent
they deem proper, on certificates or other written statements of officers of the Company and officers of departments of various jurisdictions
having custody of documents respecting the corporate existence or good standing of the Company, provided that copies of any such statements
or certificates shall be delivered to Placement Agent Counsel if requested.

5.3
Comfort Letters.

5.3.1.
Cold Comfort Letter. On or immediately following the date hereof, the Placement Agent shall have received a cold comfort letter
containing statements and information of the type customarily included in accountants comfort letters with respect to the financial
statements and certain financial information contained or incorporated by reference or deemed incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, addressed to the Placement Agent and in form and substance satisfactory in all
respects to you and to the Auditor, dated as of the date of this Agreement.

5.3.2.
Bring-down Comfort Letter. At the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received from the Auditor a letter, dated as of
the Closing Date to the effect that the Auditor reaffirms the statements made in their letter furnished pursuant to Section 5.3.1, except
that the specified date referred to shall be a date not more than three (3) business days prior to the Closing Date.

5.4
Officers Certificates.

5.4.1.
Officers Certificate. The Company shall have furnished to the Placement Agent a certificate, dated the Closing Date, of
its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer stating that (i) such officers have carefully examined the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and the Prospectus and, in their opinion, the Registration Statement and each
amendment thereto, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Date did not include any untrue statement of a material fact and did
not omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and the Disclosure
Package, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Date, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus as of its date and as of the Closing
Date and the Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto, as of the respective date thereof and as of the Closing Date, did not
include any untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, (ii) since the effective date of the Registration Statement,
no event has occurred which should have been set forth in a supplement or amendment to the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package
or the Prospectus, (iii) to the best of their knowledge after reasonable investigation, as of the Closing Date, the representations and
warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct and the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions
on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date, and (iv) there has not been, subsequent to the date
of the most recent audited financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Disclosure Package, any material adverse
change in the financial position or results of operations of the Company, or any change or development that, singularly or in the aggregate,
would involve a material adverse change or a prospective material adverse change, in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise),
results of operations, business, assets or prospects of the Company, except as set forth in the Prospectus.

29

5.4.2.
Secretarys Certificate. At each of the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received a certificate of the Company
signed by the Secretary of the Company, dated the Closing Date, certifying: (i) that each of the Charter and Bylaws is true and complete,
has not been modified and is in full force and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors relating to
the Offering are in full force and effect and have not been modified; (iii) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence
between the Company or its counsel and the Commission; and (iv) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The documents referred
to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

5.4.3.
Chief Financial Officers Certificate. At the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received a certificate of the
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, dated the Closing Date with respect to the accuracy of certain information contained in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent.

5.5
No Material Changes. Prior to and on each of the Closing Date: (i) there shall have been no Material Adverse Change or development
involving a prospective Material Adverse Change from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement
and no change in the issued shares or debt of the Company, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (ii) no action, suit or proceeding,
at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company or any Insider before or by any court or federal or state
commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding may materially adversely affect the
business, operations, properties, assets, prospects or financial condition or income of the Company, except as set forth in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (iii) no stop order shall have been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings
therefor shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; (iv) no action shall have been taken and no law, statute, rule, regulation
or order shall have been enacted, adopted or issued by any Governmental Entity which would prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities
or materially and adversely affect or potentially materially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company; (v) no injunction,
restraining order or order of any other nature by any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction shall have been issued which would
prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities or materially and adversely affect or potentially materially and adversely affect the
business or operations of the Company; and (vi) the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and any amendments
or supplements thereto shall contain all material statements which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities
Act and the Securities Act Regulations and shall conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities
Act Regulations, and neither the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto
shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

5.6
Corporate Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters incident to the authorization, form and validity of each
of this Agreement, the Securities, the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and all other legal matters
relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be reasonably satisfactory in all material respects
to counsel for the Placement Agent, and the Company shall have furnished to such counsel all documents and information that they may
reasonably request to enable them to pass upon such matters.

30

5.7
Placement Agents Warrant Agreement. On the Closing Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Placement Agent executed
copies of the Placement Agents Warrant Agreement.

5.8
Additional Documents. At the Closing Date, Placement Agent Counsel shall have been furnished with such documents and opinions
as they may require for the purpose of enabling Placement Agent Counsel to deliver an opinion to the Placement Agent, or in order to
evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained; and
all proceedings taken by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities and the as herein contemplated shall
be satisfactory in form and substance to the Placement Agent and Placement Agent Counsel.

6.
Indemnification.

6.1
General. Subject to the conditions set forth below, the Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Placement Agent, its
affiliates and each of its and their respective directors, officers, members, employees, representatives, partners, stockholders, affiliates,
counsel, and agents and each person, if any, who controls any such Placement Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities
Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively the Placement Agent Indemnified Parties, and each a Placement
Agent Indemnified Party), against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including but not limited
to any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, commenced
or threatened, or any claim whatsoever, whether arising out of any action between any of the Placement Agent Indemnified Parties and
the Company or between any of the Placement Agent Indemnified Parties and any third party, or otherwise) to which they or any of them
may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other statute or at common law or otherwise or under the laws of
foreign countries (a Claim), (i) arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of
a material fact contained in (A) the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, or in
any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or in any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication (as from time to time each may be amended and supplemented);
(B) any materials or information provided to investors by, or with the approval of, the Company in connection with the marketing of the
Offering, including any road show or investor presentations made to investors by the Company (whether in person or electronically);
or (C) any application or other document or written communication (in this Section 6, collectively called application)
executed by the Company or based upon written information furnished by the Company in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Securities
and Placement Agents Securities under the securities laws thereof or filed with the Commission, any state securities commission
or agency, the Exchange or any other national securities exchange; or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading,
unless such statement or omission was made in reliance upon, and in conformity with, the Placement Agents Information or (ii)
otherwise arising in connection with or allegedly in connection with the Offering. The Company also agrees that it will reimburse each
Placement Agent Indemnified Party for all fees and expenses (including but not limited to any and all legal or other expenses reasonably
incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever, whether arising
out of any action between any of the Placement Agent Indemnified Parties and the Company or between any of the Placement Agent Indemnified
Parties and any third party, or otherwise) (collectively, the Expenses), and further agrees wherever and whenever
possible to advance payment of Expenses as they are incurred by an Placement Agent Indemnified Party in investigating, preparing, pursuing
or defending any Claim.

31

6.2
Procedure. If any action is brought against an Placement Agent Indemnified Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought against
the Company pursuant to Section 6.1, such Placement Agent Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing of the institution
of such action and the Company shall assume the defense of such action, including the employment and fees of counsel (subject to the
approval of such Placement Agent Indemnified Party) and payment of actual expenses if an Placement Agent Indemnified Party requests that
the Company do so. Such Placement Agent Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ its or their own counsel in any such case, but
the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Company, and shall be advanced by the Company. The Company shall
not be liable for any settlement of any action effected without its consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). In addition,
the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment
in or otherwise seek to terminate any pending or threatened action in respect of which advancement, reimbursement, indemnification or
contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not such Placement Agent Indemnified Party is a party thereto) unless such settlement,
compromise, consent or termination (i) includes an unconditional release of each Placement Agent Indemnified Party, acceptable to such
Placement Agent Indemnified Party, from all liabilities, expenses and claims arising out of such action for which indemnification or
contribution may be sought and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by
or on behalf of any Placement Agent Indemnified Party.

6.3
Contribution.

6.3.1.
Contribution Rights. If the indemnification provided for in this Section 6 shall for any reason be unavailable to or insufficient
to hold harmless an indemnified party under Section 6.1 in respect of any loss, claim, damage or liability, or any action in respect
thereof, referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party, contribute to the amount
paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, (i) in
such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Placement
Agent, on the other, from the Offering of the Securities, or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by
applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also
the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Placement Agent, on the other, with respect to the statements or omissions
that resulted in such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.
The relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Placement Agent, on the other, with respect to such Offering
shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the Offering of the Securities purchased under this Agreement
(before deducting expenses) received by the Company, as set forth in the table on the cover page of the Prospectus, on the one hand,
and the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by the Placement Agent with respect to the Ordinary Shares purchased under
this Agreement, as set forth in the table on the cover page of the Prospectus, on the other hand. The relative fault shall be determined
by reference to whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material
fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Placement Agent, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access
to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Company and the Placement Agent agree that it would
not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 6.3.1 were to be determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Placement
Agents were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable
considerations referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, damage or liability,
or action in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 6.3.1 shall be deemed to include, for purposes of this Section 6.3.1,
any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such action
or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 6.3.1 in no event shall the Placement Agent be required to contribute any amount
in excess of the amount by which the total Cash Fee received by such Placement Agent with respect to the Offering of the Securities exceeds
the amount of any damages that such Placement Agent has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement
or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities
Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

32

6.3.2.
Contribution Procedure. Within fifteen (15) days after receipt by any party to this Agreement (or its representative) of notice
of the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, such party will, if a claim for contribution in respect thereof is to be made
against another party (contributing party), notify the contributing party of the commencement thereof, but the failure
to so notify the contributing party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any other party other than for contribution
hereunder. In case any such action, suit or proceeding is brought against any party, and such party notifies a contributing party or
its representative of the commencement thereof within the aforesaid 15 days, the contributing party will be entitled to participate therein
with the notifying party and any other contributing party similarly notified. Any such contributing party shall not be liable to any
party seeking contribution on account of any settlement of any claim, action or proceeding affected by such party seeking contribution
on account of any settlement of any claim, action or proceeding affected by such party seeking contribution without the written consent
of such contributing party. The contribution provisions contained in this Section 6.3.2 are intended to supersede, to the extent permitted
by law, any right to contribution under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise available.

7.
Right of First Refusal. Provided that the Securities are sold in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Placement Agent
shall have a right of first refusal (the Right of First Refusal), for a period of thirty (30) days after the date
the Offering is completed, to act as sole investment banker, sole book-runner and/or sole placement agent, at the Placement Agents
sole discretion, for each and every future public and private equity offering, and sole investment banker, sole book-runner and/or sole
placement agent, at the Placement Agents sole discretion, for each and every future debt offering (such future public and private
equity offering or debt offering, a Future Offering), including all equity linked financings, during such thirty
(30) day period for the Company, or any successor to or any subsidiary of the Company, on reasonable and customary terms. If the Company
intends to enter into a definitive agreement with a third party for a Future Offering, the Company shall provide the Placement Agent
with a written notice (the ROFR Notice) describing in detail all the material commercial terms and conditions of
the proposed agreement, including the scope of the underwriting or placement services, the pricing and payment terms, and the duration
and termination rights. The Company shall provide the ROFR Notice to the Placement Agent at least five (5) days before the anticipated
execution date of the proposed agreement. Within ten (10) days after receiving the ROFR Notice, the Placement Agent may elect, by written
notice to the Company, to exercise the Right of First Refusal pursuant to which the Placement Agent shall have the right to act as sole
investment banker, sole book-runner and/or sole placement agent for such Future Offering on terms that are substantially the same as
those set forth in in ROFR Notice and on such other terms as is customary for the Placement Agent. If the Placement Agent does not exercise
the Right of First Refusal within the 10-day period set forth above, the Company shall be free to enter into the proposed agreement with
the third party for such Future Offering. The Placement Agent shall have the sole right to determine whether or not any other broker
dealer shall have the right to participate in any such offering and the economic terms of any such participation.

33

8.
Effective Date of this Agreement and Termination Thereof.

8.1
Effective Date. This Agreement shall become effective when both the Company and the Placement Agent have executed the same and
delivered counterparts of such signatures to the other party.

8.2
Termination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the provisions concerning confidentiality, indemnification
and contribution contained herein and the Companys obligations contained in the indemnification provisions will survive any expiration
or termination of this Agreement, and the Companys obligation to pay fees actually earned and payable and to reimburse expenses
actually incurred and reimbursable pursuant to Section 1 hereof (subject to the limitation contained in Section 3.10) and which are permitted
to be reimbursed under FINRA Rule 5110(g)(4)(A), will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement
shall be construed to limit the ability of the Placement Agent or its Affiliates to pursue, investigate, analyze, invest in, or engage
in investment banking, financial advisory or any other business relationship with Persons (as defined below) other than the Company.
As used herein (i) Persons means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association,
joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any
kind and (ii) Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is
controlled by or is under common control with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

8.3
Expenses. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event that this Agreement shall not be carried out
for any reason whatsoever, within the time specified herein or any extensions thereof pursuant to the terms herein, the Company shall
be obligated to pay to the Placement Agent their actual and accountable out-of-pocket expenses related to the transactions contemplated
herein then due and payable (including the fees and disbursements of Placement Agent Counsel) up to $60,000.

8.4
Indemnification. Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination
of this Agreement, and whether or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 6 shall remain in full force
and effect and shall not be in any way affected by, such election or termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement
or any part hereof.

8.5
Representations, Warranties, Agreements to Survive. All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement
or in certificates of officers of the Company submitted pursuant hereto, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless
of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of the Placement Agent or its Affiliates or selling agents, any person controlling the
Placement Agent, its officers or directors or any person controlling the Company or (ii) delivery of and payment for the Securities.

9.
Miscellaneous.

9.1
Notices. All communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and shall be mailed
(registered or certified mail, return receipt requested), personally delivered or sent by electronic mail transmission and confirmed
and shall be deemed given when so delivered and confirmed or if mailed, two (2) days after such mailing.

34

If
to the Representative:

ThinkEquity
LLC

17
State Street,

41st Floor New York,

New York 10004

Attn:
Head of Investment

Banking Email:

Notices@think-equity.com

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Loeb
& Loeb LLP

345
Park Avenue

New
York, NY 10154

Attn:
Mitchell S. Nussbaum

Email:
mnussbaum@loeb.com

If
to the Company:

Roadzen
Inc.

111
Anza Boulevard, Suite 109

Burlingame,
California 94010

Attention:
Rohan Malhotra

Email: rohan@roadzen.ai

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Greenberg
Traurig, LLP

1750
Tysons Boulevard, Suite 1000

McLean,
VA 22102

Attention:
Jason T. Simon, Esq.

Email:
Jason.Simon@gtlaw.com

9.2
Research Analyst Independence. The Company acknowledges that the Placement Agents research analysts and research departments
are required to be independent from its investment banking division and are subject to certain regulations and internal policies, and
that the Placement Agents research analysts may hold views and make statements or investment recommendations and/or publish research
reports with respect to the Company and/or the Offering that differ from the views of their investment banking division. The Company
acknowledges that the Placement Agent is a full service securities firm and as such from time to time, subject to applicable securities
laws, rules and regulations, may effect transactions for its own account or the account of its customers and hold long or short positions
in debt or equity securities of the Company; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 9.2 shall relieve the Placement Agent of
any responsibility or liability it may otherwise bear in connection with activities in violation of applicable securities laws, rules
or regulations.

35

9.3
Headings. The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or
affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

9.4
Amendment. This Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

9.5
Entire Agreement. This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection
with this Agreement) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

9.6
Binding Effect. This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representative, the Placement
Agent, the Company and the controlling persons, directors and officers referred to in Section 6 hereof, and their respective successors,
legal representatives, heirs and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy
or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained. The term successors and assigns
shall not include a purchaser, in its capacity as such, of securities from any of the Placement Agent.

9.7
Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Trial by Jury. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance
with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflict of laws principles thereof. The Company hereby agrees that
any action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of, or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in
the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably
submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction
and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting
a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in
Section 9.1 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any action, proceeding
or claim. The Company agrees that the prevailing party(ies) in any such action shall be entitled to recover from the other party(ies)
all of its reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to such action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the
preparation therefor. The Company (on its behalf and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, on behalf of its stockholders and affiliates)
and each of the Placement Agent hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial
by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

9.8
Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in
separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the
same agreement, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered
to each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or email/pdf transmission shall
constitute valid and sufficient delivery thereof.

9.9
Waiver, etc. The failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not
be deemed or construed to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way effect the validity of this Agreement or any provision
hereof or the right of any of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach,
non- compliance or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument
executed by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance
or non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

[Signature
Page Follows]

36

If
the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Placement Agent and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided
below for that purpose, whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between us.

Very truly yours, 

ROADZEN INC.

By: /s/
Jean-Nol Gallardo

Name: 
Jean-Nol
Gallardo

Title:
Chief
Financial Officer

Confirmed
as of the date first written above mentioned

THINKEQUITY LLC 

By: /s/
Kevin Mangan 

Name: 
Kevin
Mangan 

Title:
Managing
Director, Head of Equity Syndicate 

[Signature
Page to the Placement Agency Agreement]

SCHEDULE 1

Terms

Number of Shares: 2,222,300 Ordinary Shares

Offering Share Offering Price: $2.25

Proceeds
to Company (before expenses): $5,000,175

SCHEDULE 2

Written Testing-the-Waters Communications

None.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Roadzen Inc. Announces Pricing of Offering

NEW
YORK, Jan. 2, 2025 Roadzen Inc. (Nasdaq: RDZN), (Roadzen or the Company), a global leader in
AI at the convergence of insurance and mobility, today announced the pricing of a best-efforts offering of 2,222,300 ordinary shares
at a public offering price of $2.25 per share, for gross proceeds of approximately $5,000,000, before deducting placement agent fees
and offering expenses. All of the ordinary shares are being offered by the Company. The offering is expected to close on January 6, 2025,
subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

The
Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering primarily for costs directly related to sales and marketing, for research and
development, working capital and general corporate purposes, including personnel costs, capital expenditures and the costs of operating
as a public company. The Company may also use a portion of the net proceeds to repay indebtedness outstanding.

ThinkEquity is acting as sole placement agent for the offering.

The
securities will be offered and sold pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282966), filed with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on November 1, 2024 and declared effective on November 12, 2024. The offering
will be made only by means of a written prospectus. A prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus describing the terms of the offering
will be filed with the SEC on its website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the prospectus supplement may also be obtained, when available, from
the offices of ThinkEquity, 17 State Street, 41st Floor, New York, New York 10004.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About Roadzen Inc.

Roadzen
Inc. (Nasdaq: RDZN) is a global technology company transforming auto insurance using advanced artificial intelligence (AI). Thousands
of clients, from the worlds leading insurers, carmakers, and fleets to dealerships and auto insurance agents, use Roadzens
technology to build new products, sell insurance, process claims, and improve road safety. Roadzens pioneering work in telematics,
generative AI, and computer vision has earned recognition as a top AI innovator by publications such as Forbes, Fortune, and Financial
Express. Roadzens mission is to continue advancing AI research at the intersection of mobility and insurance, ushering in a world
where accidents are prevented, premiums are fair, and claims are processed within minutes, not weeks. Headquartered in Burlingame, California,
the Company has 360 employees across its global offices in the U.S., India, U.K. and France. To learn more, please visit www.roadzen.ai.

Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements

This
press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). We have based these
forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject
to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may,
should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe,
estimate, and continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Such statements include,
but are not limited to, statements regarding the expected completion of the offering described in this press release and the intended
use of proceeds of such offering, if completed. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited
to, those described in Risk Factors in our SEC filings, including the annual report on Form 10-K we filed with the SEC
on July 1, 2024, any subsequently filed quarterly reports and other documents we subsequently file with the SEC. We urge you to consider
these factors, risks and uncertainties carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. All subsequent
written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to our company or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their
entirety by these cautionary statements. The forward-looking statements included in this press release are made only as of the date of
this release. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, we disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise
any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

For more information, please contact:

Investor Contacts: IR@roadzen.ai

Media Contacts:

Roadzen: Sanya Soni sanya@roadzen.ai or media@roadzen.ai

Gutenberg: roadzen@thegutenberg.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.2

Roadzen
Inc. Announces Closing of Public Offering

NEW
YORK, January 6, 2025 Roadzen Inc. (Nasdaq: RDZN), (Roadzen or the Company), a global leader
in AI at the convergence of insurance and mobility, today announced the closing of its previously announced public offering of 2,222,300
ordinary shares (the Offering) on a best efforts basis at a public offering price of $2.25 per share, for gross proceeds
of $5,000,175, before deducting placement agent discounts, commissions and Offering expenses. All of the ordinary shares were sold by
the Company.

The
Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering primarily for costs directly related to sales and marketing, for research and
development, working capital and general corporate purposes, including personnel costs, capital expenditure and the costs of operating
as a public company. The Company may also use a portion of the net proceeds to repay indebtedness outstanding.

ThinkEquity
acted as the exclusive placement agent for the offering.

The
Offering was made pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282966), including a base prospectus, filed with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on November 1, 2024 and declared effective on November 12, 2024.
The final prospectus supplement relating to the Offering was filed with the SEC on January 3, 2025 and is available on the SECs
website at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the Offering
may be obtained from ThinkEquity, 17 State Street, 41st Floor, New York, New York 10004.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About
Roadzen Inc.

Roadzen
Inc. (Nasdaq: RDZN) is a global technology company transforming auto insurance using advanced artificial intelligence (AI). Thousands
of clients, from the worlds leading insurers, carmakers, and fleets to dealerships and auto insurance agents, use Roadzens
technology to build new products, sell insurance, process claims, and improve road safety. Roadzens pioneering work in telematics,
generative AI, and computer vision has earned recognition as a top AI innovator by publications such as Forbes, Fortune, and Financial
Express. Roadzens mission is to continue advancing AI research at the intersection of mobility and insurance, ushering in a world
where accidents are prevented, premiums are fair, and claims are processed within minutes, not weeks. Headquartered in Burlingame, California,
the Company has 360 employees across its global offices in the U.S., India, U.K. and France. To learn more, please visit www.roadzen.ai.

Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements

This
press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). We have based these
forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject
to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may,
should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe,
estimate, and continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Such statements include,
but are not limited to, statements regarding the intended use of proceeds of the offering described above. Factors that might cause or
contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in Risk Factors in our SEC filings, including
the annual report on Form 10-K we filed with the SEC on July 1, 2024, any subsequently filed quarterly reports and other documents we
subsequently file with the SEC. We urge you to consider these factors, risks and uncertainties carefully in evaluating the forward-looking
statements contained in this press release. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to our company or
persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. The forward-looking statements
included in this press release are made only as of the date of this release. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law,
we disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise.

For
more information, please contact:

Investor
Contacts: IR@roadzen.ai

Media
Contacts:

Roadzen:
Sanya Soni sanya@roadzen.ai or media@roadzen.ai

Gutenberg:
roadzen@thegutenberg.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>rdzn-20250102.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>rdzn-20250102_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>rdzn-20250102_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one ordinary share, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>rdzn-20250102_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 02, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 02, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41094

Entity Registrant Name ROADZEN
INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001868640

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1600102

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code D8

Entity Address, Address Line One 111
Anza Blvd

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 109

Entity Address, City or Town Burlingame

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94010

City Area Code (347) 

Local Phone Number 745-6448

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Ordinary
Shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol RDZN

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one ordinary share, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants,
each warrant exercisable for one ordinary share, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol RDZNW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=RDZN_OrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=RDZN_WarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForOneOrdinaryShareEachAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://roadzen.ai/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
rdzn-20250102.xsd 
rdzn-20250102_def.xml 
rdzn-20250102_lab.xml 
rdzn-20250102_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-000996-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001868640 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

0001868640 

RDZN:OrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

0001868640 

RDZN:WarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForOneOrdinaryShareEachAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001868640 
8-K 
2025-01-02 
ROADZEN INC. 
D8 
001-41094 
98-1600102 
111 Anza Blvd 
Suite 109 
Burlingame 
CA 
94010 
(347) 
745-6448 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
RDZN 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one ordinary share, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
RDZNW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>