<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-011679.txt : 20250402
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-011679.hdr.sgml : 20250402
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250401201621
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-011679
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		28
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250331
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250402
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250401

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Venus Concept Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001409269
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		EIN:				061681204
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38238
		FILM NUMBER:		25801582

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		235 YORKLAND BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 900
		CITY:			TORONTO
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			M2J 4Y8
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877-848-8430 X117

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		235 YORKLAND BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 900
		CITY:			TORONTO
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			M2J 4Y8

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Restoration Robotics, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Restoration Robotics Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070808
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ef20046756_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false12-310001409269NASDAQ00014092692025-03-312025-03-31

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 31, 2025

VENUS CONCEPT INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

001-38238

06-1681204

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification Number)

235 Yorkland Blvd, Suite 900

Toronto, OntarioM2J 4Y8

(Address of principal executive offices, including Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (877) 848-8430

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

VERO

The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this
chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Exchange Agreement

On March 31, 2025, Venus Concept Inc. (the Company) entered into an Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement) with Madryn Health Partners, LP (Madryn) and Madryn Health Partners (Cayman Master), LP (Madryn Cayman, and
together with Madryn, the Holders), pursuant to which the Holders agreed to exchange (the Exchange):

(i) 

that certain Secured Subordinated Convertible Note issued by the Company in favor of Madryn, dated October 4, 2023, which had an outstanding balance of $10,365,856.11 (the Existing

Madryn Note), for (a) a new promissory note to be issued by the Company to Madryn, in the original principal amount of $6,295,851.11 (the New Madryn Note), and (b) 140,345 shares of the
Companys convertible preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, designated as Series Y Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series Y Preferred Stock), to be issued by the Company to Madryn (the Madryn Shares); and

(ii) 

that certain Secured Subordinated Convertible Note issued by the Company in favor of Madryn Cayman, dated October 4, 2023 (the Existing Madryn Cayman Note, and together
with the Existing Madryn Note, the Existing Notes), which had an outstanding balance of $17,649,971.22, for (a) a new promissory note to be issued by the Company to Madryn Cayman, in the original
principal amount of $10,719,957.22 (the New Madryn Cayman Note, and together with the New Madryn Note, the New Notes), and (ii) 238,966 shares of Series Y
Preferred Stock to be issued by the Company to Madryn Cayman (the Madryn Cayman Shares, and together with the Madryn Shares, the Preferred Shares).

The Exchange closed on March 31, 2025.

The Preferred Shares were priced at $29.00 per share, being equal to the product of (i) the average closing price (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock), for the five trading days immediately preceding the date of the Exchange Agreement, multiplied
by (ii) 9.0909 (being the number of shares of Common Stock into which each Preferred Share converts). The Company is required to hold a special meeting of shareholders no later than June 30, 2025, or such later date as agreed by the
parties, for the purpose of eliminating any limitations on the convertibility of the Series Y Preferred Stock under the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq).

The Exchange Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, indemnification obligations of the Company,
including for liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and other obligations of the parties. The representations, warranties, and covenants contained in the Exchange
Agreement were made only for purposes of such agreement and are made as of specific dates; are solely for the benefit of the parties (except as specifically set forth therein); may be subject to qualifications and limitations agreed upon by the
parties in connection with negotiating the terms of the Exchange Agreement, including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purpose of allocating contractual risk between the parties, instead of establishing matters as facts; and
may be subject to standards of materiality and knowledge applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to the investors generally. Investors should not rely on the representations, warranties, and covenants or any
description thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of the Company.

The Preferred Shares, as well as the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof, have not been registered under the Securities Act and may
not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption therefrom. To consummate the Exchange, the Company relied the registration exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act. To effectuate conversions of the
shares of Series Y Preferred Stock, the Company will rely on the private placement provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and by Rule 506 of Regulation D, promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

The foregoing description of the Exchange Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the
Exchange Agreement, a copy of which is filed hereto as Exhibit 10.1.

New Notes

The New Notes are identical to the Existing Notes, except for (i) the reduction in principal amount on account of the Exchange, (ii) the addition of a
minimum liquidity covenant requiring that the Company maintain an average daily deposit balance in Madryn-controlled accounts of at least $3,000,000, measured monthly, and (iii) certain other immaterial changes.

The foregoing description of the New Madryn Note and the New Madryn Cayman Note does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the full texts of the New Madryn Note and the New Madryn Cayman Note, copies of which are filed hereto as Exhibits 10.2 and 10.3, respectively.

Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement

On March 31, 2025, as required by the Exchange Agreement, the Company and the Holders entered into a second amendment and restatement of the Amended and
Restated Resale Registration Rights Agreement, as previously entered into among the parties on September 26, 2024 (the SecondAmended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement).

Under the Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, the Company is required, among other things, to file a shelf resale registration statement with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of
Series Y Preferred Stock with the SEC within 60 days following the conversion of all of the issued and outstanding Series Y Preferred Stock into Common Stock. The Company also granted customary demand and piggyback registration right to the Holders.
The Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement contains other terms and conditions customary for a transaction of this type.

The foregoing description of the Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the full text of the Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, a copy of which is filed hereto as Exhibit 10.4.

Item 3.02. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K pertaining to the issuance of the Preferred Shares is incorporated by reference
into this Item 3.02.

Item 5.03. 

Amendment to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

Amendment to Certificate of Designations of Series Y Preferred Stock

On March 31, 2025, as required by the Exchange Agreement, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware (the Series Y Amendment), thereby amending the Certificate of Designations with respect to the Series Y Preferred Stock, as previously filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on
May 24, 2024, as amended by that certain Certificate of Amendment filed on September 26, 2024 (the Series Y COD). The Series Y Amendment amended the Series Y COD to, among other things, (i) increase the
authorized shares of Series Y Preferred Stock from 900,000 to 1,200,000 and (ii) clarify that the conversion ratio of Series Y Preferred Stock-to-Common Stock is 1-for-9.0909 (instead of 1-for-100) following the 1-for-11 reverse split of the Common
Stock, which occurred on March 3, 2025. The Series Y Amendment became effective with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware upon filing.

Amendment to Certificate of Designations of Junior Preferred Stock

On March 31, 2025, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the Junior Preferred Amendment), thereby amending the Certificate of Designations with respect to the Companys convertible preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, designated as Voting Convertible Preferred Stock (Junior Preferred Stock), as previously filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on November 17, 2022 (the Junior Preferred COD). The Junior Preferred
Amendment amended the Junior Preferred COD to decrease the authorized shares of Junior Preferred Stock from 4,100,000 to 2,100,000. The Junior Preferred Amendment became effective with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware upon filing,
shortly prior to the effectiveness of the Series Y Amendment.

The foregoing description of the Series Y Amendment and the Junior Preferred Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the full texts of the Series Y Amendment and the Junior Preferred Amendment, copies of which are filed hereto as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively.

Item 7.01. 

Regulation FD Disclosure.

On April 1, 2025, the Company issued a press release regarding the Exchange and related transactions. A copy of the press release is furnished hereto as
Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

The information contained in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1 incorporated by reference herein, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section
18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section, nor incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities or the
Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and
Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Any statements contained herein that are not of historical facts may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. In some cases, readers can identify these statements by words such as such as anticipates, believes,
plans, expects, projects, future, intends, may, should, could, estimates, predicts, potential, continue, guidance, and other similar expressions that are predictions of or indicate future events and future trends. These
forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about the Companys business and the industry in which the Company operates and management's beliefs and assumptions and are not guarantees of future
performance or developments and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that are in some cases beyond the Companys control. As a result, any or all of the Companys forward-looking statements in this Current Report on Form
8-K may turn out to be inaccurate. Factors that could materially affect the Companys business operations and financial performance and condition include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions and involve risks and uncertainties that
may cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the statements and those risks and uncertainties described under Part I Item 1ARisk Factors in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and
under Part II Item 1ARisk Factors in the Companys subsequently-filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Readers are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are based on information available to the Company as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. Unless required by law, the Company does not intend to publicly update or revise
any forward-looking statements to reflect new information or future events or otherwise.

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit

No. 

Description

3.1 

Certificate of Amendment of Series Y Convertible Preferred Stock, dated March 31, 2025

3.2 

Certificate of Amendment of Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, dated March 31, 2025

10.1 

Exchange Agreement, dated March 31, 2025, by and among Venus Concept Inc., Madryn Health Partners, LP and Madryn Health Partners (Cayman Master), LP

10.2 

Secured Subordinated Convertible Note, dated March 31, 2025, issued by Venus Concept Inc. in favor of Madryn Health Partners, LP

10.3 

Secured Subordinated Convertible Note, dated March 31, 2025, issued by Venus Concept Inc. in favor of Madryn Health Partners (Cayman Master), LP

10.4 

Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 31, 2025, by and among Venus Concept Inc., Madryn Health Partners, LP and Madryn Health Partners (Cayman Master), LP

99.1 

Press release, dated April 1, 2025

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

VENUS CONCEPT INC.

Date: April 1, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Domenic Della Penna

Domenic Della Penna

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ef20046756_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT TO 

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS OF

SERIES Y CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK OF 

VENUS CONCEPT INC.

Venus Concept Inc. (the Corporation),
a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL), hereby certifies that:

FIRST: The Corporations Certificate of Designations of Series Y Convertible Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designations)
was (i) filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 24, 2024 and (ii) amended by that certain Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Designations of Series Y Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of
the State of Delaware on September 26, 2024.

SECOND: The Board of Directors of the Corporation, acting in accordance with the provisions of Sections 141(f) of the DGCL and the Corporations bylaws, as currently in effect, adopted resolutions to amend the Certificate of
Designations as follows (collectively, the Amendment):

The following definitions as set forth in Article I of the Certificate of Designations are amended and restated as
follows:

Converted Stock Equivalent
Amount means, for each share of Series Y Preferred, 9.0909 shares of Common Stock, subject to adjustment herein.

Exchange Agreement
means, with respect to any share of Series Y Preferred, (a) that certain Exchange Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2024, by and between the Corporation and the parties identified on the signature pages thereto, (b) that certain Exchange Agreement,
dated as of September 26, 2024, by and between the Corporation and the parties identified on the signature pages thereto or (c) that certain Exchange Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2025, by and between the Corporation and the parties identified on
the signature pages thereto, as applicable.

Issuance Price
means, with respect to any share of Series Y Preferred, the purchase price for such share as set forth in the applicable Exchange Agreement, being $60.66, $73.68 or $29.00, subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock
split, combination or other similar recapitalization with respect to the Common Stock.

Article II, Section 1 of the Certificate of Designations is amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

Designation and Number
of Shares. There shall be a series of preferred stock designated Series Y Convertible Preferred Stock. The number of authorized shares of Series Y Preferred shall be 1,200,000. The Series Y
Preferred will initially be issued in book entry form.

THIRD: The Amendment was duly adopted in accordance with the applicable provisions of Section 242 of the DGCL.

FOURTH: This Certificate of Amendment shall become effective immediately upon filing.

FIFTH: Except as amended pursuant to this Certificate of Amendment, the Certificate of Designations shall remain in full force and effect.

[no further text on this page]

Exhibit 3.1

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Venus Concept Inc. has caused this Certificate of Amendment to be executed by its duly authorized officer on and as of this 31st day of March, 2025.

VENUS CONCEPT INC.

By: /s/ Rajiv De Silva

Name: Rajiv De Silva

Title: CEO

[Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of
Designations]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ef20046756_ex3-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT TO 

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS OF

VOTING CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK OF 

VENUS CONCEPT INC.

Venus Concept Inc. (the Corporation), a
corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL), hereby certifies that:

FIRST: The Corporations Certificate of
Designations of Voting Convertible Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designations) was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
on November 17, 2022.

SECOND: 1,835,000 of the authorized
shares of Voting Convertible Preferred Stock are outstanding as of the date hereof.

THIRD: The Board of Directors of the
Corporation, acting in accordance with the provisions of Sections 141(f) of the DGCL and the Corporations bylaws, as currently in effect, adopted resolutions to amend the Certificate of Designations to reduce the number of authorized shares of
Voting Convertible Preferred Stock from 4,100,000 to 2,100,000 as follows (collectively, the Amendment):

Article II, Section 1 of the Certificate of Designations is amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

Designation and Number of Shares.
There shall be a series of preferred stock designated Voting Convertible Preferred Stock. The number of authorized shares of Voting Convertible Preferred Stock shall be 2,100,000. The Voting Convertible Preferred Stock will initially be issued in
book entry form.

FOURTH: The Amendment was duly adopted in
accordance with the applicable provisions of Section 242 of the DGCL.

FIFTH: This Certificate of Amendment shall
become effective immediately upon filing.

SIXTH: Except as amended pursuant to this
Certificate of Amendment, the Certificate of Designations shall remain in full force and effect.

[no further text on this page]

Exhibit 3.2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Venus Concept Inc. has
caused this Certificate of Amendment to be executed by its duly authorized officer on and as of this 31st day of March, 2025.

VENUS CONCEPT INC.

By: /s/ Rajiv De Silva

Name: Rajiv De Silva

Title: CEO

[Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of
Designations]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ef20046756_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTION VERSION

EXCHANGE AGREEMENT

This EXCHANGE AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of March 31, 2025, is entered into by and among Venus
Concept Inc. (the Company), Madryn Health Partners, LP (Madryn) and Madryn Health Partners (Cayman Master), LP (Madryn Cayman,

and together with Madryn, the Holders). The Company and the Holders are referred to collectively as the Parties.

WHEREAS, the Company previously issued to the Holders:

that certain Secured Subordinated Convertible Note in favor of Madryn, dated October 4, 2023, in the original principal amount of $8,432,946.88 (the Existing Madryn Note); and

that certain Secured Subordinated Convertible Note in favor of Madryn Cayman, dated October 4, 2023, in the original principal amount of $14,358,801.44 (the Existing Madryn Cayman Note, and
together with the Existing Madryn Note, the Existing Notes);

WHEREAS, the Company has authorized a series of convertible preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, designated as Series Y Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Series Y Preferred), the terms of which a re set forth in a Certificate of Designations filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 24, 2024, as amended by that certain
Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Designations filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on September 26, 2024, as further amended by that certain Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Designations filed with the
Secretary of State of the State of Dela ware or prior to the date hereof, in the form of Exhibit Aattached hereto (such Certificate of Amendment, the COD Amendment,

and such Certificate of Designations as amended by the COD Amendment, the Certificate of Designations);

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Parties wish to exchange (collectively, the Exchange):

the Existing Madryn Note for (a) a new secured subordinated convertible note to be issued by the Company to Madryn, in the original principal amount of $6,295,851.11, in the form of Exhibit B-1attached

hereto (the New Madryn Note), and (b) 140,345 shares of Series Y Preferred to be issued by the Company to Madryn (the Madryn Shares); and

the Existing Madryn Cayman Note for (a) a new secured subordinated convertible note to be issued by the Company to Madryn Cayman, in the original principal amount of $10,719,957.22, in the form of Exhibit

B-2attached hereto (the New Madryn Cayman Note, and together with the New Madryn Note, the New Notes), and (b) 238,966 shares of Series Y
Preferred to be issued by the Company to Madryn Cayman (the Madryn Cayman Shares, and together with the Madryn Shares, the Shares); and

WHEREAS, the Exchange is being made in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act);

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, (a) capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have
the meanings given to such terms in the Certificate of Designations (as defined herein), and (b) the following terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring Person shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 4.7.

- 1 -

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with
a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Agreement shall have the meaning given to such term in the Preamble.

Anti-Terrorism Laws means any laws, rules, regulations or orders relating to terrorism, sanctions or money laundering, including without limitation
Executive Order No. 13224 (effective September 24, 2001), the USA PATRIOT Act, the laws comprising or implementing the Bank Secrecy Act, and the laws administered by OFAC.

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking
institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Canadian AML Acts means applicable Canadian law regarding anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist financing, government sanction and know your client
matters, including the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada).

Capped Shares means, as of any date, the shares of Common Stock which cannot be issued upon conversion of (a) the New Notes and (b) the Madryn Preferred
Shares as of such date due to the Exchange Cap.

Certificate of Designations shall have the meaning given to such term in the Recitals. 

Closing shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.1(a).

Closing Date shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.1(b).

COD Amendment shall have the meaning given to such term in the Recitals. 

Code shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.3(b)(v).

Collateral means all property (whether real or personal and whether tangible or intangible) with respect to which any security interests have been
granted (or purported to be granted) pursuant to any Security Document, including Collateral as defined in the Guaranty and Security Agreement.

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may
hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company shall have the meaning given to such term in the Preamble.

Company Counsel means Dorsey & Whitney LLP, with offices located at TD Bank Tower, 66 Wellington Street West, Suite 3400 Toronto, ON M5K 1E6, or such
other outside legal counsel reasonably acceptable to the Holders.

Company Legal Opinion means a legal opinion of Company Counsel, dated as of the Closing Date, in a form acceptable to the Holders.

- 2 -

Covered Person shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 3.1(v).

Designated Jurisdiction means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory is the subject of any Sanction.

Disqualification Event shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 3.1(v).

Effective Date means, with respect to any Underlying Shares, the earliest of the date that (a) the initial Registration Statement covering such
Underlying Shares has been declared effective by the Commission, (b) a l of such Underlying Shares have been sold pursuant to Rule 144 or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without the requirement for the
Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, (c) falls on the one year anniversary of the Closing Date, provided that a holder of Underlying Shares is
not an Affiliate of the Company, or (d) all of such Underlying Shares may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration under Section 4(1) of the Securities Act without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and Company Counsel has delivered
to such holders a standing written unqualified opinion that resales may then be made by such holders of such Underlying Shares pursuant to such exemption, which opinion shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to such holders.

Exchange shall have the meaning given to such term in the Recitals.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange Act Reports shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Exchange Cap means any limitation on the convertibility of the New Notes or the Madryn Preferred Shares pursuant to the rules and regulations of the
Nasdaq Capital Market, as set forth in the Certificate of Designations.

Existing Madryn Cayman Note shall have the meaning given to such term in the Recitals.

Existing Madryn Note shall have the meaning given to such term in the Recitals.

Existing Notes shall have the meaning given to such term in the Recitals.

FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

FDA means the Food and Drug Administration.

Financial Statements shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 3.1(g).

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such other Person as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in
the United States, which are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination.

Governmental Approval means any consent, authorization, approval, order, license, franchise, permit, certificate, accreditation, registration, filing or
notice, of, issued by, from or to, or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority.

Governmental Authority means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority, instrumentality,
regulatory body (including, without limitation, the FDA), court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, any securities exchange and
any self -regulatory organization.

- 3 -

Guaranty and Security Agreement means that certain Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated as of the December 8, 2020, by and among the Company, the other
Obligors from time to time party thereto, and Madryn Health Partners, LP, as Collateral Agent, as amended from time to time.

Guarantors means collectively, Venus USA, Venus Canada and Venus Israel.

HMT has the meaning set forth in the definition of Sanctions.

Holder Party shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 4.9.

Holders shall have the meaning given to such term in the Preamble.

Intellectual Property means any and all U.S. or foreign patents, patent applications, copyrights and copyright registrations and applications,
inventions, invention disclosures, protected formulae, formulations or processes, trade secrets and other similar intellectual property rights.

Israeli Penal Law means the Israeli Penal Law, 5737-1977.

Israeli PMLL means the Israeli Prohibition on Money-Laundering Law, 5760-2000.

Israeli Trading with the Enemy Ordinance means the Israeli Trading with the Enemy Ordinance, 1939.

Intended Tax Treatment shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 4.16.

Knowledge means, in reference to the Company or its Subsidiaries, the actual knowledge, or the actual knowledge that would be obtained following
reasonable investigation, of any of Rajiv De Silva, Domenic Della Penna, William McGrail, and Michael Mandarello.

Liens means a lien, charge pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other similar restriction.

Madryn shall have the meaning given to such term in the Preamble.

Madryn Cayman shall have the meaning given to such term in the Preamble.

Madryn Cayman Shares shall have the meaning given to such term in the Recitals.

Madryn Series X Shares means the shares of the Companys Series X Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, held by the Holders.

Madryn Series Y Shares means the shares of Series Y Preferred held by the Holders (which includes, for the avoidance of doubt, (a) the Shares, (b) the
203,583 shares of Series Y Preferred issued to the Holders on September 26, 2024 and (c) the 576,986 shares of Series Y Preferred issued to the Holders on May 24, 2024).

Madryn Shares shall have the meaning given to such term in the Recitals.

Madryn Preferred Shares means the Madryn Series X Shares and the Madryn Series Y Shares.

- 4 -

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse change in (a) the business, operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, when taken as a whole, (b) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, (c) the rights or remedies of the Holders hereunder or thereunder or any other agreements or instruments to be
entered into in connection herewith or therewith, or (d) the ability of the Company or its Subsidiaries to perform their obligations under any Transaction Document.

Material Agreement means any license, agreement or other contractual arrangement required to be disclosed (including amendments thereto) under
regulations promulgated under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as may be amended; provided, however, that Material Agreements shall exclude all real estate leases and all employee or director compensation agreements, arrangements
or plans, or any amendments thereto.

New Madryn Cayman Note shall have the meaning given to such term in the Recitals.

New Madryn Note shall have the meaning given to such term in the Recitals.

New Notes shall have the meaning given to such term in the Recitals.

Note Underlying Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the terms of the New Notes, including upon conversion or otherwise.

Notice of Conversion shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 4.12.

OFAC means the U.S. Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control.

Open Source Licenses shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 3.1(i).

Parties shall have the meaning given to such term in the Preamble.

Permitted Liens means any Lien in favor of (a) Madryn, Madryn Cayman or any of their respective Affiliates or (b) EW Healthcare Partners, L.P., EW
Healthcare Partners-A, L.P. or any of their respective Affiliates, in the case of clause (b) to the extent in existence as of the date hereof.

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Preferred Securities means the Shares and the Underlying Shares.

Preferred Shareholder Consents means the requisite consents and waivers with respect the transactions contemplated by this Agreement by holders of the
Companys Senior Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share.

Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Registration Rights Agreement means the Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Company and
the Holders, in the form of Exhibit Cattached hereto.

Registration Statement means a registration statement meeting the requirements set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement and covering the resale by
the Holders of the Underlying Shares.

Required Minimum means, as of any date, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion in full of all Madryn Preferred
Shares and the New Notes outstanding as of such date, ignoring any conversion limits set forth therein.

Requirement of Law means as to any Person, the organizational or governing documents of such Person, and any law (statutory or common), treaty, rule or
regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject.

- 5 -

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or
any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Sanction(s) means any sanction administered or enforced by the United States government (including, without limitation, OFAC), the Canadian government,
the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majestys Treasury (HMT), the State of Israel or its government or other relevant sanctions authority.

Securities means the New Notes, the Shares and the Underlying Shares.

Securities Act shall have the meaning given to such term in the Recitals.

Security Documents means, collectively, the Guaranty and Security Agreement and any other security agreement, collateral access agreement, landlord
waiver, account control agreement, promissory note, intellectual property security agreement, Uniform Commercial Code financing statement, equity certificate or other agreement or instrument pursuant to or in connection with which the Company or
any of the Guarantors grants or perfects a security interest in favor of the Holders or to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of Holders.

Series Y Preferred shall have the meaning given to such term in the Recitals.

Shareholder Approval shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 4.15.

Shareholder Meeting shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 4.15.

Shareholder Resolutions shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 4.15.

Shares shall have the meaning given to such term in the Recitals.

Short Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to include the location or reservation of
borrowable shares of Common Stock).

Subsidiary means any wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other
charges, in each case in the nature of taxes, imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the COD Amendment, the Registration Rights Agreement and the New Notes.

Transfer Agent means Computershare Inc., the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 250 Royall Street, Canton, Massachusetts 02021, and any
successor transfer agent of the Company.

- 6 -

Treasury Regulations means the regulations promulgated under the Code by the Internal Revenue Service and United States Department of Treasury.

Underlying Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Shares.

Venus Canada means Venus Concept Canada Corp., a wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary of the Company.

Venus Israel means Venus Concept Ltd., a wholly-owned Israeli subsidiary of the Company.

Venus USA means Venus Concept USA Inc., a wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary of the Company.

ARTICLE II. 

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1. 

Closing.

(a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, and pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Parties shall consummate the Exchange
(the Closing), pursuant to which:

(i) Madryn shall convey, assign and transfer to the Company the Existing Madryn Note, in exchange for which the Company shall issue to Madryn the New Madryn Note and
the Madryn Shares; and

(ii) Madryn Cayman shall convey, assign and transfer to the Company the Existing Madryn Cayman Note, in exchange for which the Company shall issue to Madryn Cayman the
New Madryn Cayman Note and the Madryn Cayman Shares.

(b) The Closing shall occur remotely on the date hereof (the Closing Date) immediately following satisfaction of the
conditions set forth in Section 2.4. Upon the delivery of the New Notes and the Shares to the Holders, the Holders shall relinquish all rights, title and interest in the Existing Notes, including any claims the Holders may have against
the Company related thereto, and the Existing Notes shall be deemed cancelled.

2.2. Calculation of Consideration. For greater clarity, the Parties have calculated (a) the price per share of the Shares to be equal to the
product of (i) the average closing price of the Common Stock (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) for the five Trading Days immediately preceding the date hereof, multiplied by (ii) 9.0909 (the Per Share Price),

and (b) the aggregate number of Shares to be equal to the quotient of (i) the difference between the aggregate balance of the Existing Notes as of the date hereof less the aggregate original principal amount of the New Notes, divided by
(ii) the Price Per Share.

2.3. 

Closing Deliveries.

(a) Company Deliveries. On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Holder the following:

(i) this Agreement, duly executed by the Company;

(i) for each Holder, evidence of a book entry transfer evidencing such Holders Shares, registered in the name of such Holder;

(ii) for each Holder, such Holders New Note, duly executed by the Company;

(ii) evidence of the filing of the COD Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware;

- 7 -

(iii) the Registration Rights Agreement, duly executed by the Company; and

(iv) the Company Legal Opinion, duly executed by Company Counsel.

(b) Holder Deliveries. On or prior to the Closing Date, each Holder shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(v) this Agreement, duly executed by such Holder;

(i) if issued in physical form, such Holders Existing Note, to be marked canceled by the Company, or an affidavit of lost note with respect to such Existing Note, as
applicable, in a form acceptable to the Company;

(vi) the Registration Rights Agreement, duly executed by such Holder;

(ii) an accredited investor questionnaire, in a form acceptable to the Company in its reasonable discretion, duly executed by such Holder (or written confirmation that
the questionnaire provided as of May 24, 2024 remains accurate);

(iii) if such Holder is a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), a properly completed and executed IRS Form W-9 (or written confirmation that the IRS Form W-9 provided as of May 24, 2024 remains accurate); and

(iv) if such Holder is not a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code, all of the following that are applicable: (A) a properly
completed and executed IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or other applicable IRS Form claiming, to the extent applicable, a reduction or exemption from withholding of Taxes under an income Tax treaty to which the United States is a party; (B) a
properly completed and executed IRS Form W-8ECI; (C) a certificate in form and substance satisfactory to the Company claiming entitlement to the portfolio interest exemption under Section 881(c) of the Code and certifying that such Holder is not
a conduit entity participating in a conduit financing arrangement as defined in Treasury Regulations section 1.881-3, a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Company within the meaning of
Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Sections 881(c)(3)(C) and 864(d)(4) of the Code, and (D) if the Holder is not the beneficial owner of amounts paid to it, a properly completed and executed IRS
Form W-8IMY accompanied by a withholding statement and an IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, IRS Form W-9 or a certificate described in clause (C) above from each beneficial owner of such amounts claiming entitlement to
exemption from withholding or backup withholding of Taxes (or written confirmation that the foregoing items provided as of May 24, 2024 remain accurate).

2.4. 

Closing Conditions.

(a) Company Closing Conditions. The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) of
the representations and warranties of each Holder contained herein as of the Closing Date (unless a different date is specified herein, in which case such representations and warranties shall be accurate as of such specified date);

- 8 -

(ii) the performance of all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Holder required to be performed as of or prior to the Closing Date; and

(iii) the delivery by each Holder of the items required to be delivered by such Holder as set forth in Section 2.3(b) of this Agreement.

(b) Holder Closing Conditions. The respective obligations of the Holders hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) of
the representations and warranties of the Company and its Subsidiaries, as applicable, contained herein as of the Closing Date (unless a different date is specified herein, in which case such representations and warranties shall be accurate as of
such specified date);

(ii) the performance of all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company and its Subsidiaries required to be performed as of or prior to the Closing Date;

(iii) the delivery by the Company of the items required to be delivered by the Company as set forth in Section 2.3(a) of this Agreement; and

(iv) the receipt by the Company of any and all consents, waivers or authorizations of any Governmental Authority or other Person necessary for the issuance of the
Shares, including the Preferred Shareholder Consents.

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company, including on behalf of its Subsidiaries, as applicable, hereby represents and
warrants to the Holders as of the Closing Date (unless a different date is specified herein, in which case such representations and warranties shall be made as of such specified date) as follows:

(a) Due Organization, Authorization, Power and Authority.

(i) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly existing and in good standing in its jurisdictions of organization or formation and the Company and each of its
Subsidiaries is qualified and licensed to do business and is in good standing in any jurisdiction in which the conduct of its businesses or its ownership of property requires that it be so qualified except where the failure to do so could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(ii) The execution, delivery and performance by the Company and its Subsidiaries, as applicable, of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party do not and will not
(A) conflict with the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries organizational documents, including their respective certificate of incorporation and bylaws, (B) contravene, conflict with, constitute a default under or violate any material
Requirement of Law applicable thereto, (C) contravene, conflict or violate any applicable order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award of any Governmental Authority by which the Company, or any of its property or assets may
be bound or affected, (D) require any action by, filing, registration, notice to or qualification with, or Governmental Approval from, any Governmental Authority or any other Person (except for such Governmental Approvals which have already been
obtained and are in full force and effect), or (E) constitute an event of default or material breach under any Material Agreement by which the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties, is bound. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default or material breach under any Material Agreement to which it is a party or by which it or any of its assets is bound in which such default could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

- 9 -

(iii) Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries, as applicable, has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of each of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the
Company and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and, except for the Shareholder Approval, no further action is required by the Company,
the Board of Directors or the Companys shareholders in connection herewith or therewith.

(b) Enforceability. The Transaction Documents have been duly executed by the Company and its Subsidiaries, as applicable, and, upon the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, shall constitute the legal, valid, and binding obligations of the Company and its Subsidiaries, as applicable, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as such
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, fraudulent conveyance, insolvency, reorganization, transfer, moratorium, and other laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles (regardless of whether
such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

(c) Valid Issuance.

(i) The New Notes and Shares (A) have been duly authorized by the Company and, upon their issuance pursuant to this Agreement in accordance with Section 2.1,
will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, (B) except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(c)(i)(B) hereto, are not subject to any preemptive, participation, rights of first refusal, antidilution or other similar rights, and (C) assuming the
accuracy of each Holders representations and warranties hereunder, (I) will be issued exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and (II) will be issued in compliance with
all applicable state and federal laws concerning the issuance of the New Notes and Shares.

(ii) The Underlying Shares have been duly and validly authorized and reserved by the Company and, when issued upon conversion in accordance with this Agreement and the
Certificate of Designations, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, and the issuance of such shares of Common Stock shall not be subject to any preemptive or similar rights.

(iii) The Note Underlying Shares have been duly and validly authorized and reserved by the Company and, when issued upon conversion in accordance with this Agreement and
the New Notes, will be validly issued, fully paid and non -assessable shares of Common Stock, and the issuance of such shares of Common Stock shall not be subject to any preemptive or similar rights.

(d) Capitalization. The Companys capitalization as disclosed in its filings with the Commission is true and complete, in all material respects, as of the date
of such filings.

(e) Material Adverse Effect. Since December 31, 2024, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(f) Subsidiaries Equity Interests. Except for Venus Concept (HK) Limited, which is owned 49% by minority investors, all of the issued ownership interests of
each of the Subsidiaries of the Company are duly authorized and validly issued, fully paid, nonassessable, and directly owned by the Company or its applicable Subsidiary and are free and clear of all Liens, other than Permitted Liens, and not
subject to any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal, option, warrant, call, subscription, and similar rights, other than as required by law.

- 10 -

(g) Financial Statements. The financial statements of the Company included in the Companys filings with the Commission following December 31, 2024 (the Financial Statements) have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved, subject, in the case of the interim Financial Statements, to normal and recurring
year-end adjustments (the effect of which will not be materially adverse) and the absence of notes (that, if presented, would not differ materially from those presented in the audited Financial Statements). The Financial Statements are based on
the books and records of the Company, and fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Company as of the respective dates they were prepared and the results of the operations of the Company for the periods indicated.

(h) Operations in the Ordinary Course. Except as set forth in or contemplated by the Companys filings with the Commission since December 31, 2024, since
December 31, 2024 the Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted their respective businesses in the ordinary course, consistent with past practice in all material respects, and there has been no (i) acquisition or disposition of any material
asset by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any contract or arrangement therefor, other than acquisitions or dispositions for fair value in the ordinary course of business or acquisitions or dispositions as disclosed in the Companys
filings with the Commission or (ii) material change in the Companys accounting principles, practices or methods.

(i) Intellectual Property.

(i) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is the sole owner of the Intellectual Property each respectively purports to own, free and clear of all Liens, other than
Permitted Liens, and non-exclusive licenses for off-the-shelf software that is commercially available to the public.

(ii) None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has used any software or other materials that are subject to an open-source or similar license (including the
General Public License, Lesser General Public License, Mozilla Public License, or Affero License) (collectively, Open Source Licenses) in a manner that would cause any software or other materials owned by
the Company or used in any Company products to have to be (A) distributed to third parties at no charge or a minimal charge, (B) licensed to third parties for the purpose of creating modifications or derivative works, or (C) subject to the terms
of such Open Source License. 

(iii) Each employee and contractor of the Company and its Subsidiaries involved in development or creation of any material Intellectual Property has assigned any and
all inventions and ideas of such Person in and to such Intellectual Property to the Company or such Subsidiary, except where failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, in each case individually or in the
aggregate.

(iv) No settlement or consents, covenants not to sue, non-assertion assurances, or releases have been entered into by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or exist
to which the Company or such Subsidiary is bound that adversely affect its rights to own or use any Intellectual Property except as could not be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, in each case individually or in the
aggregate.

- 11 -

(j) Litigation. Except as set forth in or contemplated by the Companys filings with the Commission since December 31, 2024, are no actions, suits,
investigations, or proceedings pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened in writing by or against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries reasonably expected to result in the payment or award of damages of more than $500,000.

(k) Insurance. The Company and its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts
as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which they are engaged. The Company does not have any reason to believe that it or any Subsidiary will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to
obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business in all material respects.

(l) Tax Returns and Payments; Pension Contributions. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have timely filed all material tax returns and reports (or
extensions thereof) required to be filed by them, and the Company and each of its Subsidiaries, have timely paid all foreign, federal, state, and local Taxes owed by the Company and such Subsidiaries in a cumulative amount greater than $100,000,
in alljurisdictions in which the Company or any such Subsidiary is subject to Taxes, including the United States, unless such Taxes are being contested in accordance with the next sentence. The Company and
each of its Subsidiaries may defer payment of any contested Taxes; provided, however, that the Company or such Subsidiary (a) in good faith contests its obligation to pay the Taxes by appropriate proceedings promptly and diligently
instituted and conducted; and (b) maintains adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions on its books in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is aware of any claims or adjustments proposed by any Governmental
Authority in writing for any of the Companys or such Subsidiarys, prior Tax years which could result in additional taxes in a cumulative amount greater than $100,000 becoming due and payable by the Company or its Subsidiaries. The Company and
each of its Subsidiaries have paid all amounts necessary to fund all present pension, profit sharing and deferred compensation plans in accordance with their terms, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has, withdrawn from
participation in, has permitted partial or complete termination of, or has permitted the occurrence of any other event with respect to, any such plan which could reasonably be expected to result in any liability of the Company or its
Subsidiaries, including any liability to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or its successors or any other Governmental Authority.

(c) Regulatory Compliance.

(i) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company under the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is engaged as one of its important activities in extending credit for margin stock (under Regulations X, T and U of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors). Except as set forth in
Schedule 3.1(m) hereto, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries complies in all material respects with the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a holding company or an affiliate of a holding
company or a subsidiary company of a holding company as each term is defined and used in the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 2005. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has violated any laws, order, ordinances or rules, the
violation of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Companys nor any of its Subsidiaries properties or assets has been used by the Company or such Subsidiary or, to the Companys Knowledge, by previous
Persons, in disposing, producing, storing, treating, or transporting any hazardous substance other than in material compliance with material applicable laws. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has obtained all material consents, approvals
and authorizations of, made all declarations or filings with, and given all notices to, all Governmental Authorities that are necessary to continue their respective businesses as currently conducted.

- 12 -

(ii) Neither the Company, nor any Subsidiary, nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, employee, agent, representative or Affiliate thereof, is an
individual or entity that is, or is owned or controlled by, any individual or entity that is (A) the subject or target of any Sanctions, (B) included on OFACs List of Specially Designated Nationals, HMTs Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions
Targets and the Investment Ban List, or any similar list enforced by any other relevant sanctions authority or (C) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction.

(iii) The Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted their business in material compliance with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery
Act 2010, the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada), the Israeli Penal Law, Chapter 9, Part 5 and other similar anti-corruption legislation in such or other jurisdictions, and have instituted and maintained policies and procedures
designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws.

(iv) To the extent applicable, the Company and each Subsidiary is in compliance, in all material respects, with (A) the Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, and each
of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto, (B) the Act, (C) the Canadian AML Acts and (D)
the Israeli Trading with the Enemy Ordinance and the Israeli PMLL and other similar legislation in such or other jurisdictions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the representations in this Section 3.1(m) shall not be made by nor
apply to any Person organized under the laws of Canada insofar as such representations would result in a violation of or conflict with the Foreign Extraterritorial Measures Act (Canada) or any similar law.

(m) Listing Rules. Except for the Shareholder Approval, the Company is not required to obtain any consent or approval from its shareholders in connection with
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents pursuant to the rules of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(n) Compliance with Securities Laws. The Company is a reporting issuer in the United States, and is not in default under applicable U.S. federal securities
laws, and is in compliance with its timely disclosure obligations under such laws and the requirements of each Trading Market on which the Common Stock is currently listed. No order, ruling or determination having the effect of suspending the
sale or ceasing the trading of any securities of the Company has been issued or made by the Commission, any other securities commission, stock exchange or other regulatory authority and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are
pending or, to the Company's Knowledge, are contemplated by any such authority. The Company is in material compliance with all applicable requirements of each applicable Trading Market. None of the applicable U.S. securities regulatory
authorities or similar regulatory authority, any applicable Trading Market or any other competent authority has issued any order to cease or suspend trading of any securities of the Company, and the Company has not taken any action that is
reasonably likely to result in the delisting of any securities of the Company that are listed or designated on any Trading Market (it being understood and agreed that the Companys movement of its securities from one Trading Market to another
Trading Market shall not constitute a delisting for purposes of this Section 3.1(o)).

(o) Exchange Act Compliance. All documents filed with the Commission by the Company under the Exchange Act are hereinafter referred to herein as the Exchange Act Reports. The Exchange Act Reports, when they were or are filed with the Commission, conformed or will conform in all material respects to the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. The Exchange Act Reports did not, when filed with the Commission, contain an untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

- 13 -

(p) No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Holders representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither the Company, nor any
of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause the offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of any such securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any
Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(q) No Brokers Fees. Except as provided for the Companys engagement letter with Canaccord Genuity LLC, dated April 6, 2023, as amended from time to time, none
of the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries are party to any contract, agreement or understanding with any Person that would give rise to a valid claim against them or the Holders for a brokerage commission, finders fee or like payment in
connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby.

(r) No Registration. Assuming the accuracy of the Holders representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2 and their compliance with their
agreements contained in the Transaction Documents, no registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities to the Holders pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Subject to limitations contained in the
Certificate of Designations and the New Notes, the issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

(s) Registration Rights. Other than as provided for in the Registration Rights Agreement and as disclosed in the Companys filings with the Commission, no
Person has any right to cause the Company to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or its Subsidiaries.

(t) No General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities by any form of general
solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered, and may offer, the Securities for sale only to the Holders and other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

(u) Disqualification Events. None of the Company, any Subsidiary, any of their respective predecessors, any director, executive officer, other officer of the
Company or any Subsidiary participating in the offering contemplated hereby, any beneficial owner (as that term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on
the basis of voting power, any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the Company or any of the Subsidiaries in any capacity at the time of the Closing, any placement agent or dealer participating
in the offering of the New Notes, any of such agents or dealers directors, executive officers, other officers participating in the offering of the New Notes (the Covered Persons) is subject to any of
the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine (i) the identity of
each person that is a Covered Person; and (ii) whether any Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e). The Company is not for any
other reason disqualified from reliance upon Rule 506 of Regulation D under the Securities Act for purposes of the offer and sale of the Securities.

(v) Acknowledgement Regarding Holders Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each Holder is acting solely in the capacity of an arms
length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The Company further acknowledges that none of the Holders are acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and any advice given by any Holder or any of its representatives or agents in connection with the
Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby is merely incidental to such Holders purchase of the Securities.

- 14 -

(w) Acknowledgement Regarding Holders Trading Activity. It is understood and acknowledged by the Company that, except as otherwise specifically set forth in
any written agreement between the Company and the applicable Holder (including Section 4.3 of this Agreement, which shallcontrol to the extent in conflict with this Section 3.1(x)), (i)
following the public disclosure of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, in accordance with the terms thereof, none of the Holders has been asked by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to agree, nor has any Holder agreed
with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, to refrain from effecting any transactions in or with respect to (including, without limitation, purchasing or selling, long or short) any securities of the Company, or derivative securities based on
securities issued by the Company or to hold any of the Securities for any specified term; (ii) no Holder shall be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counterparty in any derivative transaction; and (iv) each
Holder may rely on the Companys obligation to timely deliver Shares upon conversion, exercise or exchange, as applicable, of the Securities as and when required pursuant to the Transaction Documents for purposes of effecting trading in the
Common Stock of the Company, subject to the limitations set forth herein. The Company further understands and acknowledges that, except as otherwise specifically set forth in any written agreement between the Company and the applicable Holder,
following the public disclosure of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents one or more Holders may engage in hedging or trading activities (including, without limitation, the location or reservation of borrowable shares of
Common Stock) at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the periods that the value or number of the Underlying Shares deliverable with respect to the Securities are being
determined and such hedging or trading activities (including, without limitation, the location or reservation of borrowable shares of Common Stock), if any, can reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interest in the Company both at
and after the time the hedging or trading activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that, except as otherwise specifically set forth in any written agreement between the Company and the applicable Holder, such aforementioned
hedging or trading activities do not constitute a breach of this Agreement, the Securities or any other Transaction Document or any of the documents executed in connection herewith or therewith.

(x) Security Interest in Collateral. Prior to any assignment by the Holders of the New Notes, the provisions of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents (after giving effect to post-closing obligations) create legal, valid and enforceable Liens on, and security interests in, all of the right, title and interest of the Company and the Guarantors in and to all the Collateral owned by the
Company or Guarantors, as applicable, in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and the Holders, and upon (i) the making of the filings, recordings and other similar actions specified in the Security Documents, and
(ii) the taking of possession or control by the Collateral Agent of such Collateral with respect to which a security interest may be perfected only by possession or control (which possession or control shall be given to the Collateral Agent to
the extent required by any Security Document), such Liens shall constitute perfected and continuing Liens on, and security interests in, the Collateral, securing the Secured Obligations (as defined in the Guaranty and Security Agreement),
enforceable against the Company, the Guarantors and all third parties, and, except with respect to the MSPLP Facility (as defined in the New Notes), having priority over all other Liens on the Collateral.

(y) Full Disclosure. No written representation, warranty or other statement of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in any certificate or written statement,
when taken as a whole, given to any Holder, as of the date such representation, warranty, or other statement was made, taken together with all such written certificates and written statements given to any Holder, contains any untrue statement of
a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained in the certificates or statements not misleading (it being recognized that projections and forecasts provided by the Company in good faith and based upon
reasonable assumptions are not viewed as facts and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such projections and forecasts may differ from the projected or forecasted results).

- 15 -

3.2. Representations and Warranties of the Holders. Each Holder, for itself and for no other Holder, hereby represents and warrants to the
Company as of the Closing Date (unless a different date is specified herein, in which case such representations and warranties shall be made as of such specified date) as follows:

(a) Organization; Authority. Such Holder is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and
otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such Holder of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all
necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Holder. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by such Holder, and when delivered by such Holder in
accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Holder, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable
remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(b) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by such Holder of this Agreement and the consummation by such Holder of the transactions contemplated
hereby will not (i) result in a violation of the organizational documents of such Holder or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any
rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which such Holder is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal
and state securities laws) applicable to such Holder, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for such that are not material and do not otherwise affect the ability of such Holder to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

(c) Own Account. Such Holder understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state
securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other Persons to
distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty not limiting such Holders right to sell the Securities pursuant to the
Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Holder is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(d) Holder Status. At the time such Holder was offered the Shares, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which it converts any Shares, it
will be either: (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act.

- 16 -

(e) Experience of Such Holder. Such Holder, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and
financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Holder is able to bear the economic risk of an investment
in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment. Such Holder and its advisors, if any, have been furnished with all materials relating to the business, financial condition and results of operations
of the Company, and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities, that have been requested by such Holder or its advisors, if any. Such Holder acknowledges and understands that its investment in the Securities involves a significant
degree of risk.

(f) General Solicitation. Such Holder is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the
Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or, to such Holders knowledge, any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

(g) Access to Information. Such Holder acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits and schedules
thereto) and the Exchange Act Reports and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering
of the Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to
evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to
the investment.

(h) Short Sales and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Holder has not directly or indirectly, nor has any
Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Holder, executed any Short Sale with respect to securities of the Company prior to the date hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Holder that is a
multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Holders assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other
portions of such Holders assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.
Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Holders representatives (including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates), bound by a duty of
confidentiality to such Holder and whom such Holder has taken reasonable actions to cause them to maintain such confidentiality, such Holder has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction
(including the existence and terms of this transaction).

(i) No Governmental Review. Such Holder understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on
or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

(j) No Legal, Tax or Investment Advice. Such Holder understands that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented by or on behalf of the Company
to the Holders in connection with the purchase of the Securities constitutes legal, tax or investment advice. Such Holder has consulted such legal, tax and investment advisors as it, in its sole discretion, has deemed necessary or appropriate in
connection with its purchase of the Securities.

- 17 -

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1. Transfer Restrictions.

(a) The Preferred Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of Securities other than
pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Holder or in connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide
to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require
registration of such transferred Securities under the Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and shall have the
rights and obligations of a Holder under this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement.

(b) The Holders agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Preferred Securities in the following form:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED UNLESS (I) SUCH SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED FOR SALE PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, (II) SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE
144, OR (III) THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSFER MAY LAWFULLY BE MADE WITHOUT REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED.

(c) The Company acknowledges and agrees that a Holder may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant a
security interest in some or all of the Preferred Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such Holder may
transfer pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required
in connection therewith. Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Holders expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably
request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Preferred Securities, including, if the Preferred Securities are subject to registration pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the preparation and filing of any required prospectus
supplement under Rule 424(b)(3) under the Securities Act or other applicable provision of the Securities Act to appropriately amend the list of Selling Securityholders (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) thereunder.

- 18 -

(d) Instruments, whether certificated or uncertificated, evidencing the Preferred Securities shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section

4.1(b) hereof), (i) while a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such Securities pursuant to Rule 144, (iii)
if such Securities are eligible for sale under Rule 144, without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such Securities and without volume or manner-of- sale
restrictions, or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission). Promptly after the Effective Date, the
Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder. If all or any Shares are converted at a time when there is an effective registration
statement to cover the resale of the Preferred Securities, or if such Securities may be sold under Rule 144 and the Company is then in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144, or if the Preferred Securities may be
sold under Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such Securities or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of the
Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission) then such Securities shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that following the Effective Date or at such time as such
legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(d), it will, as soon as practicable and no later than five Trading Days following the delivery by a Holder to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate or book entry (at the
election of such Holder, provided that, absent instructions to the contrary, the default shall be book-entry) representing Securities, as the case may be, issued with a restrictive legend, deliver or cause to be delivered to such Holder an
unrestricted book entry representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set
forth in this Section 4.1. Instruments, whether certificated or uncertificated, for Securities subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders prime
broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Holder.

4.2. [Reserved].

4.3. Short Sales. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, each Holder hereby agrees that, without the prior written
consent of the Company, such Holder will not, directly or indirectly (including by entering into agreement or understand with any other Person), execute any Short Sale with respect to securities of the Company from and after the date hereof.

4.4. Furnishing of Information; Public Information. Until no Holder owns Securities, the Company covenants to maintain the registration of
the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant
to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. As long as any Holder owns the Shares, if the Company is not required to file reports pursuant to the Exchange Act, it will prepare and
furnish to such Holder and make publicly available in accordance with Rule 144(c) such information as is required for such Holder to sell the Shares, including without limitation, under Rule 144. The Company further covenants that it will take
such further action as such Holder may reasonably request, to the extent required from time to time to enable such Holder to sell such Shares without registration under the Securities Act, including without limitation, within the requirements of
the exemption provided by Rule 144.

4.5. Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as
defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated with
the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the
closing of such subsequent transaction.

- 19 -

4.6. Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following
the date hereof, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) within the time required by the Exchange Act, file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits
thereto, with the Commission. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents to the Holders that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non- public information delivered to any of the Holders by the Company, or
any of its officers, directors, employees or agents. The Company and each Holder shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Holder shall
issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Holder, or without the prior consent of each Holder, with respect to any press release of
the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing Party shall promptly provide the other Party with prior notice of su ch public statement or
communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent o f the Holders, or to the extent consistent with past practice, use the name of a Holder or any of its Affiliates (or any other derivative
name of a Holder or its Affiliates) in any press releases or other public disclosures (including in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market), offering documents, sales materials, brochures or similar publicity or
promotional materials, or for promotional purposes, whether orally or in writing, except (i) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (ii) to the extent such
disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide Holder with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (ii).

4.7. Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that
any Holder is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the
Company, or that any Holder could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Holders.

4.8. Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.6, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf will provide any Holder or its agents or counsel with any information that
constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non- public information, unless prior thereto such Holder shall have consented to the receipt of such information and agreed with the Company to keep such information
confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each Holder shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public information to
a Holder without such Holders consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Holder shall not have any duty of confidentiality to Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or
Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, and of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Holder shall
remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non- public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously
file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8 -K. The Company understands and confirms that each Holder shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

- 20 -

4.9. Indemnification of Holders. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.9, the Company will defend, indemnify and hold each
Holder and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each
Person who controls such Holder (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a
functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling Persons (each, a Holder Party) harmless from any and all losses,
liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Holder Party may suffer or
incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Holder
Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any shareholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Holder Parties, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless
such action is based upon a breach of such Holder Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Holder Parties may have with any such shareholder or any violations by
such Holder Parties of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Holder Parties which constitutes fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or malfeasance). If any action shall be brought against any Holder Party in respect of
which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Holder Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to
the Holder Party. Any Holder Party sha l have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the
expense of such Holder Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ
counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Holder Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible
for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Holder Party under this Agreement (A) for any settlement by a Holder Party effected without the Companys prior written consent,
which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (B) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to (I) any Holder Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or
agreements made by such Holder Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents, or (II) any conduct by such Holder Party which constitutes gross negligence or willful misconduct. The indemnification required by this Section
4.9 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of
action or similar right of any Holder Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

4.10. Reservation and Listing of Securities. The Company shall maintain and keep available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a
reserve of the Required Minimum from its duly authorized shares of Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Transaction Documents in such amount as may then be required to fulfill its obligations in full under the Transaction Documents.

4.11. Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use reasonable best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common
Stock on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the applicable Underlying Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of such
Underlying Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the Underlying Shares, and will take such
other action as is necessary to cause all of the Underlying Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company willthen take all reasonable best efforts
necessary to continue the listing or quotation and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The
Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository
Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

- 21 -

4.12. Conversion Procedures. The form of notice of conversion included in the Certificate of Designations (the Notice of Conversion) sets forth the totality of the procedures required of the Holders in order to convert the Shares. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall
any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required in order to convert the Shares, unless required by the Transfer Agent. No additional legal opinion, other information or
instructions shall be required of the Holders to convert their Shares. The Company shall honor conversions of the Shares and shall deliver Underlying Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction
Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties acknowledge and agree that conversion of the Shares shall be subject to any limitations on convertibility as set forth in the Certificate of Designations.

4.13. Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Holder, severally and not jointly with the other Holders, covenants that neither it,
nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and
ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.6. Each Holder, severally and not jointly with the other Holders,
covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.6, such Holder will maintain the confidentiality of
the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Transaction Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and
agrees that (i) no Holder makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first
publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.6, (ii) no Holder shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable
securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.6 and (iii) no Holder shall have any duty of
confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.6. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Holder that is a
multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Holders assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other
portions of such Holders assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

4.14. Form D; Blue Sky Filings. If required under Regulation D under the Securities Act, the Company agrees to timely file a Form D with
respect to the Securities and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Holder. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the
Securities for, sale to the Holders at the Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of any Holder.

4.15. Shareholder Approval. No later than June 30, 2025, or such later date as agreed in writing by the Parties, the Company will
hold a special meeting of shareholders (the Shareholder Meeting), the proxy materials for which shall include, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Holders, a proposal soliciting the affirmative vote of
the Companys shareholders in favor of resolutions (Shareholder Resolutions) to approve the issuance of any and all Capped Shares (the Shareholder Approval). The
Board of Directors shall recommend that the Companys shareholders vote in favor of the Shareholder Resolutions at the Shareholder Meeting and the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the Shareholder Approval.

- 22 -

4.16. Intended Tax Treatment.

(a) The Parties intend that, for U.S. federal (and applicable state and local) income tax purposes, (i) the New Notes not be treated as a significant modification of
the Existing Notes within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1001-3(e), (ii) the exchange of the Shares for a portion of the Existing Notes be treated as a recapitalization within the meaning of Section 368(a)(1)(E) of the Code, and
(iii) the Company be treated as not recognizing any income from discharge of indebtedness as a result of the Exchange pursuant to Sections 61(a)(11), 108(e)(8), and 108(e)(10) of the Code, or otherwise (the Intended

Tax Treatment). 

(b) Each Party shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, unless otherwise required by a final determination (within the meaning of Section 1313(a) of the Code (or
any analogous or similar provision under applicable state or local income tax law)), (i) prepare and file all applicable tax returns in a manner consistent with the Intended Tax Treatment, and (ii) take no position in any applicable tax return,
tax proceeding, or otherwise for applicable tax purposes that is inconsistent with the Intended Tax Treatment.

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier to occur of (a) the mutual written agreement of the Parties to terminate
this Agreement and (b) the date following the Closing upon which no Holder holds any Shares or New Notes (the date of such termination, the Termination Date); provided, however, that the
termination of this Agreement will not affect the right of any Party to sue for any breach by any other Party or Parties to the extent such breach occurred prior to the Termination Date.

5.2. Fees and Expenses. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day
processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any Notice of Conversion delivered by a Holder), stamp taxes and other similar taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Holders. The Company
shall pay (a) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Holders (including the fees, charges and disbursements of one counsel in the aggregate for all Holders and one local counsel if needed), in connection with (i) the
preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and (ii) any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or
thereby shall be consummated) or the administration of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and (b) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Holders (including the fees, charges and disbursements of one
counsel in the aggregate for all Holders other than local counsel), in connection with the enforcement or protection of their rights (i) in connection with this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, including their rights under this Section

5.2 or (ii) in connection with the New Notes, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any arbitration, dispute resolution, workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such New Notes.

5.3. Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the
Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede a l prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the Parties acknowledge have been
merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4. Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing
and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of : (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto
at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment as set forth on the
signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight
courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the Party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

- 23 -

5.5. Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and the Holders holding a majority of the Shares then outstanding and the Holders holding a majority of the New Notes then outstanding, or in the case of a waiver, by the Party against whom
enforcement of any such waived provision is sought; provided, however, that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Holder (or group of Holders), the consent of such disproportionately impacted
Holder (or group of Holders) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shallbe deemed to be a continuing waiver in the
future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any Party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.
Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Holder relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Holders shall require the prior written consent of
such adversely affected Holder. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Holder and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.6. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their successors and permitted
assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Holder (other than by merger). Any Holder may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person
to whom such Holder assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Holders.

5.7. No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted
assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.9.

5.8. Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall
be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each Party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations,
enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a Party or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or
agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each Party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough
of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby
irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each Party hereby
irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such Party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in
any other manner permitted by law. If any Party hereto shall commence a Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.9, the prevailing Party in such
Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing Party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Proceeding.

5.9. Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

- 24 -

5.10. Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the
same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each Party and delivered to each other Party, it being understood that the Parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by
facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the Party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such
facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.11. Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the Parties shall use
their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be
the intention of the Parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.12. Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of)
any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Holder exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such
Holder may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however,
that in the case of a rescission of a conversion of Shares, the applicable Holder shall be required to return any Underlying Shares subject to any such rescinded Notice of Conversion concurrently therewith.

5.13. Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company
shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the
issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.14. Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of
the Holders and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The Parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained
in the Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.15. Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Holder pursuant to any Transaction Document or a
Holder enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered
from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or
equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such
enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

- 25 -

5.16. Independent Nature of Holders Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Holder under any Transaction Document are several and not
joint with the obligations of any other Holder, and no Holder shallbe responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance of the obligations of any other Holder under any Transaction Document.
Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Holder pursuant hereof or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Holders as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity,
or create a presumption that the Holders are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Holder shall be entitled to independently protect and
enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Holder to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for
such purpose. Each Holder has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. The Company has elected to provide a l Holders with the same
terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Holders. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each
other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Holder, solely, and not between the Company and the Holders collectively and not between and among the Holders.

5.17. Stock Splits, Etc. Each and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to
equitable adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date hereof.

5.18. Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.19. Construction. The Parties agree that each of them or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the
Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting Party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments
thereto. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. As used in this Agreement, the words including or includes shall be
deemed followed by without limitation, the word or shall be deemed to mean and / or, and $ shall refer to United States dollars.

5.20. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH
KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

[no further text on this page]

- 26 -

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Exchange Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

VENUS CONCEPT INC. 

Address for Notice:

Venus Concept Inc.

235 Yorkland Blvd., Suite 900 

By: /s/ Rajvi De Silva 

Toronto, Ontario, Canada M2J 4Y8

Name: Rajiv De Silva Attn: Chief Legal Officer & Head of Strategy & Operations

Title: Chief Executive Officer Email: 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Dorsey & Whitney LLP TD Bank Tower

66 Wellington Street West, Suite 3400 

Toronto, ON M5K 1E6

Attn: Richard Raymer

Email: 

[Exchange Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Exchange Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

MADRYN HEALTH PARTNERS, LP 

Address for Notice:

By: Madryn Health Advisors, LP, its General Partner 

Madryn Asset Management, LP 330 

By: Madryn Health Advisors GP, LLC, its General Partner 

Madison Avenue, 33rd Floor New York, NY 10017

Attn: Avinash Amin

By: /s/ Avinash Amin 

Email: 

Name: Avinash Amin 

Title: Member With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Moore & Van Allen PLLC

100 North Tyron Street, Suite 4700 

Charlotte, NC 28202

Attn: Tripp Monroe

Email: 

MADRYN HEALTH PARTNERS (CAYMAN MASTER), LP 

Address for Notice:

By: Madryn Health Advisors, LP, its General Partner Madryn Asset Management, LP 330 

By: Madryn Health Advisors GP, LLC, its General Partner Madison Avenue, 33rd Floor New York, NY 10017

Attn: Avinash Amin

By: /s/ Avinash Amin Email: 

Name: Avinash Amin 

Title: Member With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Moore & Van Allen PLLC

100 North Tyron Street, Suite 4700 

Charlotte, NC 28202

Attn: Tripp Monroe

Email:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ef20046756_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Execution Version

THESE SECURITIES AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION
FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR UNDER ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR BLUE SKY LAWS.

THIS INSTRUMENT IS SUBORDINATED TO ALL INDEBTEDNESS NOW OR HEREAFTER OWING BY THE MAKER TO CITY NATIONAL BANK OF FLORIDA, AS PROVIDED IN THOSE CERTAIN SUBORDINATION OF
DEBT AGREEMENTS DATED ON OR ABOUT DECEMBER 9, 2020 AND OCTOBER 4, 2023.

THIS INSTRUMENT IS SUBJECT TO THE RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER SET FORTH IN SECURITIES EXCHANGE AND REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT DATED AS OF DECEMBER 8, 2020, A COPY OF
WHICH IS ON FILE WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE COMPANY.

VENUS CONCEPT INC.

SECURED SUBORDINATED CONVERTIBLE NOTE

Certificate No.: 1

Issuance Date: March 31, 2025 

Original Principal Amount: U.S.$6,295,851.11

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, Venus
Concept Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby promises to pay to Madryn Health Partners, LP or registered permitted assigns (the Holder) in cash the amount set out above as the Original Principal Amount (as reduced pursuant to the terms hereof pursuant to redemption, conversion or otherwise, the Principal)

when due, whether upon the Maturity Date, acceleration, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof) and to pay interest (Interest) on any outstanding
Principal at the applicable Interest Rate from the date set out above as the Issuance Date (the Issuance Date) until the same becomes due and payable, whether upon an Interest Date, the
Maturity Date, acceleration, conversion, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof). This Secured Subordinated Convertible Note (including all Se cured Subordinated Convertible Notes issued in exchange, transfer or
replacement hereof, this Note) is one of a series of Secured Subordinated Convertible Notes issued pursuant to the Securities Exchange Agreement (as defined herein) and exchanged
pursuant to that certain Exchange Agreement dated as of the Issuance Date by and among Holder, Madryn Health Partners (Cayman Master), LP and the Company (collectively, the Notes and
such other Secured Subordinated Convertible Notes, the Other Notes). Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in Section 29.

1.Payments of Principal. On the Maturity Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash equal to (a) all outstanding Principal as of such date, plus (b) all accrued
and unpaid Interest thereon as of such date. Other than as specifically permitted by this Note, the Company may not prepay any portion of the outstanding Principal or accrued and unpaid Interest. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
with respect to any repayment, conversion or redemption hereunder, as applicable, the Company shall repay, convert or redeem, as applicable, (i) first, all accrued and unpaid Interest hereunder and under any other Notes held by such
Holder, (ii) second, all other amounts (other than Principal, but including any Redemption Premium Amount) outstanding hereunder and under any other Notes held by such Holder, and (iii) third, all Principal outstanding hereunder and under any other
Notes held by such Holder, in each case, allocated pro rata among this Note and such other Notes held by such Holder.

2.Interest. Interest on this Note shall commence accruing on the Issuance Date at the Interest Rate and shall be computed on the basis of a 360 -day year and the actual number of days elapsed per month and shall be payable
in kind by capitalizing such Interest and adding it to the Principal balance of this Note on the last Business Day of each Calendar Quarter after the Issuance Date (each, an Interest Date).

Interest shall be payable in kind on each Interest Date, to the record holder of this Note on the applicable Interest Date, and in cash in full on the Maturity Date by wire transfer of immediately available funds pursuant to wire instructions
provided by the Holder in writing to the Company. If any portion of this Note is repaid or redeemed pursuant to Sections 4.2, 4.3,
5.2 and 7 or converted pursuant to Section 3 prior to the
Maturity Date and prior to the payment of Interest on an Interest Date, Interest on such portion of this Note shall accrue at the Interest Rate and be payable in cash on each Redemption Date, on each Conversion Date and/or in connection with any
required payment upon any Event of Default, as applicable; provided, that, in connection with a conversion, such Interest
accrued and unpaid interest may, at the option of the Company, be converted into shares of Common Stock on the same terms as the Principal being converted on such Conversion Date, in lieu of payment in cash. Interest shall continue to accrue on
any portion of this Note to the extent not so repaid, redeemed or converted.

3.Conversion of Notes. At any time after the Issuance Date, this Note shall be convertible into validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 3.

3.1Conversion Right. Subject to the provisions of Section 3.3, at any time or times on or after the Issuance Date, the Holder shall
be entitled to convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Principal into fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock in accordance with Section 3.2, at the Conversion
Rate. The Company shall not issue any fraction of a share of Common Stock upon any such conversion. If the issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, the Company shall round such fraction of a share of Common
Stock up to the nearest whole share. The Company shall pay any and all transfer, stamp and similar taxes, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the transfer agent of the Company (the Transfer Agent)) that may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of Common Stock upon conversion of any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Principal.

2

3.2 Mechanics of Conversion.

(a) Optional Conversion.

(i)To convert any
portion of the outstanding Principal into shares of Common Stock on any date (a Conversion Date), the Holder shall deliver (whether via facsimile, electronic mail or otherwise), for
receipt on or prior to 11:59 p.m., New York time, on such date, a copy of an executed notice of conversion in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I (the Conversion Notice) to the Company. If required by Section 3.2(c), within two (2) Trading Days following a conversion of this Note as aforesaid, the
Holder shall surrender this Note to a nationally recognized overnight delivery service for delivery to the Company (or an indemnification undertaking with respect to this Note in the case of its loss, theft or destruction as contemplated by Section 16.2).

(ii)On or before the
second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of receipt of a Conversion Notice, the Company shall transmit by facsimile, electronic mail or otherwise the Transfer Agent instructions and
representation as to whether such shares of Common Stock may then be resold pursuant to (A) an effective and available registration statement, either, (1) prior to, (2) contemporaneously with, or (3) within thirty (30) days after, as applicable,
the date of the applicable Conversion Notice by the Holder, (B) Rule 144, unless the Holder affirmatively indicates on the applicable Conversion Notice that the shares of Common Stock issuable in connection with such Conversion Notice are not
being resold either (1) prior to, (2) contemporaneously with, or (3) within thirty (30) days after, as applicable, the date of the applicable Conversion Notice by the Holder, provided that the Holder shall provide the Company with customary
representations with respect to compliance by the Holder with Rule 144, or (C) Rule 144 without having to comply with the information requirements under Rule 144(c)(1) (each, a Permitted
SecuritiesTransaction), substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit II, to the Holder and the Transfer Agent which shall instruct the Transfer Agent to process
such Conversion Notice in accordance with the terms herein.

(iii)On or before the
third (3rd) Trading Day following the date on which the Company has received a Conversion Notice (the ShareDelivery Deadline), the Company shall (A) provided, that, the
Transfer Agent is participating in The Depository Trust Companys (DTC) Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, with respect to the shares of Common Stock included in the
Conversion Notice that may then be resold by the Holder pursuant to a Permitted Securities Transaction, credit such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled pursuant to such conversion to the Holders or
its designees balance account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian system or (B) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program or with respect to the shares of Common Stock
included in the Conversion Notice that may not then be resold by the Holder pursuant to a Permitted Securities Transaction, deliver a certificate, registered in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of
Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled pursuant to such conversion.

3

(iv)If this Note is
physically surrendered for conversion pursuant to Section 3.2(c) and the outstanding Principal of this Note is greater than the portion of the Principal being converted, then the
Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of this Note and at its own expense, issue and deliver to the Holder (or its designee) a new Note (in accordance with Section 16.4) representing the outstanding Principal not so converted.

(v)The Person or
Persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon a conversion of this Note shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on the Conversion Date.

(b) [Reserved].

(c)Registration; Book-Entry. The Company shall maintain a register (the Register)

for the recordation of the names and addresses of the holders of each Note and the principal amount of the Notes held by such holders (the Registered Notes). The entries in the
Register shall be presumed correct absent reasonable evidence to the contrary provided by the holders of the Notes. The Company and the holders of the Notes shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of a Note
for all purposes (including, without limitation, the right to receive payments of Principal and Interest hereunder) notwithstanding notice to the contrary. Unless the Assignment Conditions (as defined in the Securities Exchange Agreement) and
the other terms of Section 9.8 of the Securities Exchange Agreement have been satisfied, the Registered Note may not be assigned, transferred or sold in whole or in part other than to an Affiliate of Holder and may be assigned,
transferred or sold only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register. Upon satisfaction of the Assignment Conditions and the other terms of Section 9.8 of the Securities Exchange Agreement, the Company shall record the information
relating to such assignment in the Register and issue one or more new Registered Notes in the same aggregate principal amount as the principal amount of the surrendered Registered Note to the designated assignee or transferee pursuant to Section 16, provided, that, if the Company does not so record an
assignment, transfer or sale (as the case may be) of all or part of any Registered Note within two (2) Business Days of such a request, then the Register shall be automatically deemed updated to reflect such assignment, transfer or sale (as the
case may be). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 3, following conversion of any portion of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder
shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Company unless (i) the full outstanding Principal represented by this Note is being converted (in which event this Note shall be delivered to the Company following
conversion thereof as contemplated by Section 3.2(a)) or (ii) the Holder has provided the Company with prior written notice (which notice may be included in a Conversion Notice) requesting
reissuance of this Note upon physical surrender of this Note. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the Principal and Interest converted and/or paid (as the case may be) and the dates of such conversions and/or payments (as the
case may be) or shall use such other methods as are reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Company, so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon conversion. If the Company does not update the Register to record such Principal and
Interest converted and/or paid (as the case may be) and the dates of such conversions, and/or payments (as the case may be) within two (2) Business Days of such occurrence, then the Register shall be automatically deemed updated to reflect such
occurrence.

4

(d)Pro Rata Conversion; Disputes. In the event that the Company receives a Conversion Notice from more than one holder of Notes for the same Conversion Date and the
Company can convert some, but not all, of such portions of the Notes submitted for conversion, the Company, subject to Section 3.3, shall convert from each holder of Notes electing to
have Notes converted on such Conversion Date a pro rata amount of such holders portion of its Notes submitted for conversion based on the principal amount of Notes submitted for conversion on such Conversion Date by such holder relative to the
aggregate principal amount of all Notes submitted for conversion on such Conversion Date. In the event of a dispute as to the number of shares of Common Stock issuable to the Holder in connection with a conversion of this Note, the Company shall
issue to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock not in dispute and resolve such dispute in accordance with Section 21.

3.3Exchange Cap. So long as the rules of the Principal Market (or another Eligible Market, if Common Stock is re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on another Eligible Market) so require, the sum
of the number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under this Note and all outstanding Other Notes shall be limited to the Exchange Cap, unless stockholder approval is obtained prior to the issuance to issue more than the Exchange Cap.
The Exchange Cap shall be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction in accordance with the rules of the Principal Market or another Eligible
Market. If the Exchange Cap is reached upon conversion of this Note and all outstanding Other Notes, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to file a proxy statement with the SEC seeking stockholder approval, within
seventy-five (75) calendar days after the date on which the Exchange Cap is reached, from at least a majority of the Companys stockholders, for the Companys issuance of all of the remaining shares of Common Stock underlying this Note and all
outstanding Other Notes. Should the stockholders of the Company vote to reject such additional issuance, the Company shall not be required to seek another stockholder approval under this Section
3.3.

5

3.4 Net Share Settlement.

(a) Notwithstanding Section 3.2 above, in the case of
conversion of this Note on the Maturity Date, any Redemption Date or any date of any required payment upon any Event of Default, as applicable, on which the entire outstanding Principal of this Note is to be repaid, redeemed or prepaid in full, the
Company shall, at the option of the Holder, satisfy its obligation to issue and deliver shares of Common Stock by paying and delivering to the Holder, a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock (the Net Share Settlement), as set forth in this Section 3.4.

(b)If the Holder elects
the Net Share Settlement in a Conversion Notice, the Company shall pay and deliver the Net Share Settlement Amount in accordance with Sections 1, 2 and 3, as applicable.

The Net Share Settlement Amount will consist of (i) cash equal to the
Principal of this Note outstanding immediately prior to the Maturity Date, the applicable Redemption Date or the applicable date of any required payment upon any Event of Default, plus all accrued but unpaid Interest and, if any, Redemption Premium
Amount thereon and (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Net Share Amount.

The Net Share Amount
means the number of shares of Common Stock calculated by the following formula:

Where:

P 

= 

the Principal of this Note to be redeemed on the Maturity Date, the applicable Redemption Date or the applicable date of any required payment upon any Event of Default, as
the case may be.

CP 

= 

the Conversion Price in effect as of the date of the Conversion Notice.

MP 

= 

the Closing Sale Price per share of the Common Stock on the date of the Conversion Notice or, if such Closing Sale Price is not yet available as of the date of the Conversion
Notice, the Closing Sale Price per share of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the Conversion Notice.

4. Events of Default; Rights Upon an Event of Default.

4.1Event of Default. Each of the following events shall constitute an Eventof
Default and each of the events in clauses (d) and (e) below shall constitute a Bankruptcy Event of Default:

6

(a)the Companys
failure to cure a Conversion Failure by delivery of the required number of shares of Common Stock within ten (10) Trading Days after the applicable Conversion Date;

(b)the Companys or any
Guarantors failure to pay to the Holder (i) any amount of Principal when due under this Note, or (ii) any amount of Interest or other amounts due under this Note (including, without limitation, the Companys or any Guarantors failure to pay any
redemption payments or amounts hereunder) or any other Transaction Document or any other agreement, document, certificate or other instrument delivered to Holder in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, within three
(3) Trading Days after such amounts were due;

(c)(i) The occurrence
of any default, event of default, or similar term under (A) the MSPLP Facility; or (B) that certain Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of April 23, 2024 (the Madryn Bridge Loan Agreement),

by and among Venus USA, the Company, Venus Canada, Venus Israel, Madryn and Madryn Cayman, as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time; or (ii) non- compliance by the Company with Section 4.15 (Shareholder Approval) of that certain Exchange Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2024, by and among the Company, Venus USA, Madryn and Madryn Cayman, as amended, restated or otherwise modified from
time to time; in each case after the expiration of all applicable notice, grace and cure periods;

(d)any Obligor or any of
its Subsidiaries institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law (as defined in the Guaranty and Security Agreement), or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or makes a proposal to its
creditors or files notice of its intention to do so, institutes any other proceeding under applicable law seeking to adjudicate it as bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking liquidation, dissolution, winding-up, reorganization, compromise, arrangement,
adjustment, protection, moratorium, relief, stay of proceedings of creditors, composition of it or its debts or any other similar relief; or applies for or consents to the appointment (including any provisional appointment) of any receiver,
receiver-manager, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property; or any receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager, receiver-manager,
trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for sixty (60) calendar days or any proceeding
under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for sixty (60) calendar days, or an order for relief is
entered in any such proceeding; or with regard to an Israeli Guarantor (as defined in the Securities and Exchange Agreement), the occurrence at any time with respect to it of a winding-up, bankruptcy, dissolution or administration;

7

(e)the entry against the
Company or any Guarantor of one or more final judgments or orders for the payment of money in an aggregate amount exceeding

$500,000 (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance and/or third party indemnity rights as to which the
applicable insurer or indemnitor does not dispute coverage in writing) and such judgment or order remains unpaid for a period of thirty (30) consecutive days;

(f)any default by the
Company in the due performance and observance of any of the covenants or agreements contained in Section 12;

(g)any representation,
warranty or other written statement of the Company set forth in any Transaction Document or any certification provided by the Company pursuant to any Transaction Document is incorrect or misleading in any material respect when given;

(h)other than as
specifically set forth in another clause of this Section4.1, any default by any Obligor in the due performance and
observance of any of the covenants or agreements of any Transaction Document, except, in the case of a breach of a covenant that is curable, only if such breach remains uncured for a period of thirty (30) days following the earlier of the date on
which (i) a Responsible Officer (as defined in the Securities Exchange Agreement) of any Obligor becomes aware of such failure and (ii) notice thereof shall have been given to the Obligors by the Holder;

(i)any material
provision of any Transaction Document shall at any time for any reason (other than pursuant to the express terms thereof) cease to be valid and binding on or enforceable against the Obligors party thereto in any material respect, or the validity
or enforceability thereof shall be contested by any Obligor party thereto (other than with respect to indemnification or contribution provisions which may be unenforceable), or a proceeding shall be commenced by the Company or any Guarantor or
any governmental authority having jurisdiction over any of them, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or the Company or any Guarantor shall deny in writing that it has any liability or obligation purported to be
created under any Transaction Document;

(j)shares of Common
Stock shall cease to be quoted on the Principal Market for any reason and are not thereafter re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on another Eligible Market within fifteen (15) Trading Days;

(k)the Company shall fail
to comply in any material respect with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act (including but not limited to becoming delinquent in its filings beyond any available extension); or

(l)any Event of Default
(as defined in the Other Notes) occurs with respect to any Other Notes.

8

4.2Remedies Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Holder may (a) declare the outstanding Principal of this Note, all Interest
accrued and unpaid on the outstanding Principal of this Note and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Transaction Document, to be immediately due and payable (and upon any such declaration the same shall become and shall be
immediately due and payable), without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Company and (b) exercise all rights and remedies available to it under the Transaction Documents.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.2, but subject to Section 3.3, the Holder may, in
its sole discretion, determine to accept payment on the Principal part in shares of the Common Stock, converted at the Conversion Price, and part in cash. Accrued but unpaid Interest on the Principal shall be paid to the Holder in cash. For the
avoidance of doubt, it is understood and agreed that no Redemption Premium Amount shall be due or payable upon acceleration of this Note.

4.3Mandatory Redemption upon Bankruptcy Event of Default. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, and notwithstanding any conversion that is then required or in process, upon any
Bankruptcy Event of Default, whether occurring prior to or following the Maturity Date, the Company shall immediately pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing all outstanding Principal, in addition to all accrued and unpaid Interest and
any and all other amounts due hereunder, without the requirement for any notice or demand or other action by the Holder or any other person or entity; provided, that, the Holder may, in its sole discretion, waive such right to receive payment upon a Bankruptcy Event of Default, in whole or in part, and any such waiver shall not affect any other
rights of the Holder hereunder, including any other rights in respect of such Bankruptcy Event of Default, any right to conversion, and any right to payment under Section 4.2 or of any
Redemption Price, as applicable.

5. Fundamental Transactions; Change of Control.

5.1 Fundamental Transactions.

9

(a)If, at any time while this Note is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions, effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person,
(ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person other
than one of the Companys subsidiaries in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of
Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares f or other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or
indirectly, in one or more related transactions, effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than changes resulting from a subdivision or combination thereof) or any compulsory share exchange
pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions, consummates a stock or share
purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than fifty percent (50%) of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement
or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent conversion of this Note, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each share of Common
Stock that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 3.3 on the
conversion of this Note), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate

Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Note is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any
limitation in Section 3.3 on the conversion of this Note). For purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Rate shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such
Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one (1) share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Conversion Rate among the Alternate Consideration in a
reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the
Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any conversion of this Note following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause the Successor Entity to assume in writing all of the obligations of
the Company under this Note, the other Transaction Documents, and any document ancillary hereto or thereto, pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required Holders and approved by such Holders (without
unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder of this Note, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Note a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar
in form and substance to this Note which is convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its Parent Entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this
Note (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Note) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion rate which applies the Conversion Rate hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the
relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such conversion rate being for the purpose of protecting the economic
value of this Note immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. At and after the effective time of such Fundamental Transaction, (A) the Holder shall
continue to have the right to determine the form of consideration to be paid or delivered in accordance with Section 3.4, (B)(1) any amount payable in cash upon conversion of this Note in
accordance with Section 3 shall continue to be payable in cash, (2) any shares of Common Stock that the Company would have been required to deliver upon conversion of this Note in
accordance with Section 3 shall instead be deliverable in the corresponding amount of Alternate Consideration that a holder of that number of shares of Common Stock would have received in
such Fundamental Transaction and (3) the Closing Sale Price for the purposes Section 3.4 shall be calculated based on the value of such Alternate Consideration; provided that, if shares of capital stock of the relevant Successor Entity (or its Parent Entity) are not then traded on any securities exchange or trading market, the Closing Sale Price for the purposes Section 3.4 shall be deemed to be the greater of the per share price of the capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its Parent Entity) (I) as determined at the time of such Fundamental
Transaction and (II) as determined by the latest transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which such Successor Entity (or its Parent Entity) issues and sells shares of its capital stock (including securities convertible or
exchangeable into shares of such capital stock) with the principal purpose of raising capital. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of
such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Note and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the
obligations of the Company under this Note and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

10

(b)Waiver. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holder may elect, at its sole option, by delivery of written notice to the Company to waive this Section

5.1 to permit the Fundamental Transaction without the assumption of this Note and the other Transaction Documents.

(c)Applicability. The provisions of this Section 5.1 shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental Transactions and
shall be applied without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Note.

11

5.2Notice of a Change of Control; Redemption Right. Subject to prior public disclosure by the Company, not later than fifteen (15) calendar days, prior to the consummation of a Change of
Control, the Company shall deliver written notice thereof via facsimile or electronic mail and overnight courier to the Holder (a Change of ControlNotice). At any time during the period beginning after the Companys delivery of a Change of Control Notice, or the Holder becoming aware of a Change of Control if a Change of Control Notice is not delivered to the
Holder in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence (as applicable), and ending on the later of fifteen (15) calendar days after (a) the date on which the Company delivers such Change of Control Notice or (b) only if a Change of Control
Notice is not delivered to the Holder in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence, the Holder becoming aware of the consummation of such Change of Control, the Holder may require the Company to redeem all or any portion of
this Note by delivering written notice thereof (Change of Control Redemption Notice) to the Company, which Change of Control Redemption Notice shall indicate the portion of the Principal
the Holder is electing to redeem. The portion of the Principal of this Note subject to redemption pursuant to this Section 5.2 shall be redeemed by the Company at par (the Change of Control Redemption Price), plus all accrued but unpaid Interest on such portion of the Principal being redeemed. Redemptions required by this Section 5.2 shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Section 10 and shall have priority to payments to stockholders in connection with such Change of
Control. To the extent redemptions required by this Section 5.2 are deemed or determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be prepayments of this Note by the Company, such redemptions
shall be deemed to be voluntary prepayments, but will not, in any event, be subject to the payment of any Redemption Premium Amount. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.2,
but subject to Section 3.3, until the Change of Control Redemption Price (together with all accrued but unpaid Interest on the Principal to be redeemed) is repaid in full, the portion of
the Principal submitted for redemption under this Section 5.2 may be converted, in whole or in part, by the Holder into Common Stock pursuant to Section 3 (in which case such accrued but unpaid Interest on such Principal shall be paid to the Holder in cash). In no event will any Redemption Premium Amount be required to be paid in connection with payment of the Change
of Control Redemption Price or any accrued Interest therewith.

6. Adjustments to the Conversion Rate.

6.1Adjustment of Conversion Rate upon Subdivision or Combination ofCommon

Stock or Stock Dividend. If the Company issues solely shares of Common Stock as a dividend or distribution on all or substantially all shares of the Common Stock, or if the Company effects a stock split or a stock
combination of the Common Stock (in each case excluding an issuance solely pursuant to a Fundamental Transaction, as to which the provisions set forth in Section 5.1 will apply), then
the Conversion Rate will be adjusted based on the following formula:

Where:

CR0 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the open of business on the ex-dividend date for such dividend or distribution, or immediately before the open of
business on the effective date of such stock split or stock combination, as applicable.

CR1 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such ex-dividend date or the open of business on such effective date, as applicable.

OS0 the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before the open of business on such ex-dividend date or effective date, as applicable.

OS1 the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such dividend, distribution, stock split or stock combination.

12

For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the definition of CR1 above in this Section6.1, any adjustment to the Conversion Rate made pursuant to this Section 6.1 will become
effective immediately after the open of business on such ex-dividend date or the open of business on such effective date, as applicable. If any dividend, distribution, stock split or stock combination of the type described in this Section 6.1 is declared or announced, but not so paid or made, then the Conversion Rate, if previously adjusted, will be readjusted, effective as of the date the Board of Directors of the
Company determines not to pay such dividend or distribution or to effect such stock split or stock combination, to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had such dividend, distribution, stock split or stock combination not been declared or
announced.

6.2Rights, Options and Warrants. If the Company distributes, to all or substantially all holders of Common Stock, rights, options or warrants
entitling such holders, for a period of not more than sixty (60) calendar days after the record date of such distribution, to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the Closing Sale
Prices per share of Common Stock for the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before the date such distribution is publicly announced, then the Conversion Rate will be decreased
based on the following formula:

CR0 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the open of business on the ex-dividend date for such distribution.

CR1 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such ex-dividend date.

OS 

the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before the open of business on such ex-dividend date.

X 

the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to such rights, options or warrants.

Y 

= 

a number of shares of Common Stock obtained by dividing (i) the aggregate price amount to exercise all such rights, options or warrants distributed by the Company by (ii) the
average of the Closing Sale Prices per share of Common Stock for the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before the date such distribution is announced.

13

For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment to the Conversion Rate made pursuant to this Section 6.2 will be made successively whenever any such rights, options or warrants are issued and, pursuant to the definition of CR1 above in this Section 6.2,
will become effective immediately after the open of business on the ex-dividend date for the applicable distribution. To the extent that shares of Common Stock are not delivered after the expiration of such rights, options or warrants (including as a
result of such rights, options or warrants not being exercised), the Conversion Rate, if previously adjusted, will be readjusted effective as of such expiration date to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the decrease to the
Conversion Rate for such distribution been made on the basis of delivery of only the number of shares of Common Stock actually delivered upon exercise of such rights, option or warrants. To the extent such rights, options or warrants are not so
distributed, the Conversion Rate will be readjusted effective as of the date the Board of Directors of the Company determines not to distribute such rights, options or warrants, to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the ex-dividend
date for the distribution of such rights, options or warrants not occurred. For purposes of this Section 6.2, in determining whether any rights, options or warrants entitle holders of
Common Stock to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the Closing Sale Prices per share of Common Stock for the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading
Day immediately before the date of the distribution of such rights, options or warrants is announced, and in determining the aggregate price payable to exercise such rights, options or warrants, there will be taken into account any consideration the
Company receives for such rights, options or warrants and any amount payable on exercise thereof, with the value of such consideration, if not cash, to be determined by the Board of Directors of the Company.

6.3Other In-Kind Distributions. If the Company distributes sharesof its capital stock, evidences of its indebtedness, other assets or property of the Company or rights, options or warrants to
acquire its capital stock or other securities, to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock, excluding:

(a)dividends,
distributions or issuances as to which an adjustment was effected pursuant to Section 6.1 or Section 6.2

(b)rights issued under a
stockholder rights plan (except as set forth in this Section 6.3)

(c)dividends or
distributions paid exclusively in cash as to which an adjustment was effected pursuant to Section 6.4

(d)any dividends and
distributions in connection with a Fundamental Transaction described in Section 5.1 and

14

(e)Spin-Offs as to which
the provisions set forth in this Section 6.3 shall apply, (any of such shares of capital stock, evidences of indebtedness, assets, property, rights, options or warrants to
acquire capital stock or other securities of the Company, the Distributed Property), then the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula:

CR0 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the open of business on the ex-dividend date for such distribution.

CR1 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such ex-dividend date.

SP0 

= 

the average of the Closing Sale Prices per share of the Common Stock over the ten (10) consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately
preceding the ex-dividend date for such distribution.

FMV 

= 

the fair market value (as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company) of the Distributed Property so distributed with respect to each outstanding share of the Common
Stock on the ex-dividend date for such distribution.

Any increase made under the portion of this Section 6.3 above shall
become effective immediately after the open of business on the ex-dividend date for such distribution. If such distribution is not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased, effective as of the date the Companys Board of Directors
determines not to pay or make such distribution, to be the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such distribution had not been declared. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if FMV (as defined above) is equalto or greater than SP0
(as defined above), in lieu of the foregoing increase, the Holder shall receive, in respect of each $1,000 principal amount thereof, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock receive the Distributed Property, the amount
and kind of Distributed Property that such Holder would have received if such Holder owned a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the ex-dividend date for the distribution.

With respect to an adjustment pursuant to this Section 6.3 where there
has been a payment of a dividend or other distribution on the Common Stock of shares of capital stock of any class or series, or similar equity interest, of or relating to a Subsidiary or other business unit of the Company, that are, or, when issued,
will be, listed or admitted for trading on a U.S. national securities exchange (a Spin-Off), the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula:

15

CR0 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the open of business on the ex-dividend date for such dividend or distribution.

CR1 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such ex-dividend date.

FMV0 

= 

the average of the Closing Sale Prices per share of the capital stock or similar equity interest distributed to holders of the Common Stock applicable to one share of the Common
Stock over the first ten (10) consecutive Trading Day period after, and including, the ex-dividend date of the Spin-Off (the Valuation Period).

MP0 

= 

the average of the Closing Sale Prices per share of the Common Stock over the Valuation Period.

The increase to the Conversion Rate under the preceding paragraph shall occur at the close of business on the last Trading Day of
the Valuation Period provided, that, if the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the Valuation Period, the references to
10 in the preceding paragraph shall be deemed to be replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed between the ex-dividend date of such Spin-Off and the Conversion Date in determining the Conversion Rate. If such Spin-Off does
not occur, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased, effective as of the date the Companys Board of Directors determines not to consummate such Spin-Off, to be the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such distribution had not been
declared, effective as of the date on which the Companys Board of Directors (or its designee) determines not to consummate such Spin-Off.

For purposes of this Section 6.3, rights, options or warrants
distributed by the Company to all holders of the Common Stock entitling them to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Companys capital stock, including Common Stock (either initially or under certain circumstances), which rights, options or
warrants, until the occurrence of a specified event or events (Trigger Event):

(i) 

are deemed to be transferred with such shares of the Common Stock

(ii) 

are not exercisable and

(iii) 

are also issued in respect of future issuances of the Common Stock,

shall be deemed not to have been distributed for purposes of this Section 6.3 (and no
adjustment to the Conversion Rate under this Section 6.3 will be required) until the occurrence of the earliest Trigger Event, whereupon such rights, options or warrants shall be deemed
to have been distributed and an appropriate adjustment (if any is required) to the Conversion Rate shall be made under this Section 6.3. If any such right, option or warrant, including
any such existing rights, options or warrants distributed prior to the date of this Note, are subject to events, upon the occurrence of which such rights, options or warrants become exercisable to purchase different securities, evidences of
indebtedness or other assets, then the date of the occurrence of any and each such event shall be deemed to be the date of distribution and ex-dividend date with respect to new rights, options or warrants with such rights (in which case the
existing rights, options or warrants shall be deemed to terminate and expire on such date without exercise by any of the holders thereof).

16

In addition, in the event of any distribution (or deemed distribution) of rights, options or warrants, or any Trigger Event or
other event (of the type described in the immediately preceding sentence) with respect thereto that was counted for purposes of calculating a distribution amount for which an adjustment to the Conversion Rate under this Section 6.3 was made:

(A)in the case of any such rights, options
or warrants that shall all have been redeemed or purchased without exercise by any holders thereof, upon such final redemption or purchase, (1) the Conversion Rate shall be readjusted as if such rights, options or warrants had not been issued
and (2) the Conversion Rate shall then again be readjusted to give effect to such distribution, deemed distribution or Trigger Event, as the case may be, as though it were a cash distribution, equal to the per share redemption or purchase price
received by a holder or holders of Common Stock with respect to such rights, options or warrants (assuming such holder had retained such rights, options or warrants), made to all holders of Common Stock as of the date of such redemption or
purchase, and

(B)in the case of such rights, options or
warrants that shall have expired or been terminated without exercise by any holders thereof, the Conversion Rate shall be readjusted as if such rights, options and warrants had not been issued.

For purposes of Section 6.1, Section 6.2
and this Section 6.3, any dividend or distribution to which this Section 6.3 is applicable that also includes one or both of:

(I) a dividend or distribution of shares of Common Stock to which Section 6.1
is applicable (the Section 6.1 Distribution) or

(II) a dividend or distribution of rights, options or warrants to which Section 6.2
is applicable (the Section 6.2 Distribution), then:

(x)such dividend or distribution, other
than the Section 6.1 Distribution and the Section 6.2 Distribution, shall be deemed to be a dividend or distribution to which this Section 6.3 is applicable (the Section 6.3 Distribution) and any Conversion Rate adjustment required by this Section 6.3 with respect to such Section 6.3
Distribution shall then be made and

17

(y)the Section 6.1 Distribution and
Section 6.2 Distribution shall be deemed to immediately follow the Section 6.3 Distribution and any Conversion Rate adjustment required by Section 6.1 and Section 6.2 with respect thereto shall then be made, except that, if determined by the Company (a) the ex-dividend date of the Section 6.1 Distribution and the Section 6.2 Distribution shall
be deemed to be the ex-dividend date of the Section 6.3 Distribution and (b) any shares of Common Stock included in the Section 6.1 Distribution or Section 6.2 Distribution shall be deemed not to be outstanding immediately before the open of
business on such ex- dividend date or effective date within the meaning of Section 6.1 or outstanding immediately before the open of business on such ex-dividend date within the
meaning of Section 6.2.

6.4Cash Dividends and Distributions. If any cash dividend or distribution is made to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock, the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted based on the
following formula:

CR0 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the open of business on the ex-dividend date for such dividend or distribution.

CR1 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such ex-dividend date.

SP0 

= 

the Closing Sale Price per share of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the ex-dividend date for such dividend or distribution.

C 

= 

the amount in cash per share the Company distributes to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock.

Any increase made pursuant to this Section 6.4 shall become
effective immediately after the open of business on the ex-dividend date for such dividend or distribution. If such dividend or distribution is not so paid, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased, effective as of the date the Board of Directors of
the Company determines not to make or pay such dividend or distribution, to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if C (as defined above) is equal
to or greater than SP0 (as defined above), in lieu of the foregoing increase, the Holder shall receive, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of shares of the Common Stock, the amount of cash that the Holder would have
received if such Holder owned a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the ex-dividend date for such cash dividend or distribution.

18

6.5Tender or Exchange Offers. If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries makes a payment in respect of a tender or exchange offer for the Common
Stock (in each case excluding a tender or exchange offer that constitutes a Fundamental Transaction, as to which the provisions set forth in Section 5.1 will apply), to the extent
that the cash and value of any other consideration included in the payment per share of the Common Stock exceeds the average of the Closing Sale Prices per share of the Common Stock over the ten (10) consecutive Trading Day period
commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the last date on which tenders or exchanges may be made pursuant to such tender or exchange offer (such date, the Expiration Date),

the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula:

CR0 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the tenth (10th) Trading Day immediately
following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the Expiration Date.

CR1 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the close of business on the tenth (10th) Trading Day immediately following,
and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the Expiration Date.

AC 

= 

the aggregate value of all cash and any other consideration (as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company) paid or payable for shares of Common Stock purchased in such
tender or exchange offer.

OS0 

= 

the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the time (the Expiration Time) such
tender or exchange offer expires (prior to giving effect to the purchase of all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer).

OS1 

= 

the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after the Expiration Time (after giving effect to the purchase of all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase
or exchange in such tender or exchange offer).

SP1 

= 

the average of the Closing Sale Prices per share of the Common Stock over the ten (10) consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next
succeeding the Expiration Date.

The increase to the Conversion Rate under this Section 6.5 shall
occur at the close of business on the tenth (10th) Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires provided, that, if the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the ten (10) Trading Days immediately following, and including, the
Trading Day next succeeding the Expiration Date of any tender or exchange offer, references to 10 or 10 th in the preceding paragraph shall be deemed to be replaced with such lesser number
of Trading Days as have elapsed between such Expiration Date of such tender or exchange offer and the Conversion Date in determining the Conversion Rate.

19

In the event that the Company or one of its Subsidiaries is obligated to purchase shares of Common Stock pursuant to any such
tender offer or exchange offer, but the Company or such Subsidiary is permanently prevented by applicable law from effecting any such purchases, or all such purchases are rescinded, then the Conversion Rate shall again be adjusted to be the
Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such tender offer or exchange offer had not been made or had been made only in respect of the purchases that have been effected.

6.6Voluntary Adjustment by Company. Subject to the Rules of the Principal Market or another Eligible Market, the Company may at any time during the term of this Note, with the prior written
consent of the Required Holders, increase the then current Conversion Rate to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors of the Company.

6.7No Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section6,
the Conversion Rate shall not be adjusted:

(a)upon the issuance
of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any present or future plan providing for the reinvestment of dividends or interest payable on the Companys securities and the investment of additional optional amounts in shares of Common Stock under
any plan;

(b)upon the issuance
of any shares of Common Stock or options or rights to purchase those shares pursuant to any present or future employee, director or consultant benefit plan or program of or assumed by the Company or any of the Companys Subsidiaries

(c)upon the issuance of
any shares of the Common Stock pursuant to any option, warrant, right or exercisable, exchangeable or convertible security not described in Section 6.7(b) and outstanding as of the
date the Notes were first issued;

(d)for ordinary
course of business stock repurchases that are not tender offers referred to in Section 6.5, including structured or derivative transactions or pursuant to a stock repurchase program
approved by the Board of Directors of the Company;

(e) solely for a change in the par value of the Common Stock; or

(f) for accrued and unpaid interest, if any.

6.8Calculations. All calculations and other determinations under this Section 6 shall be made by the Company and shall be made to
the nearest one-ten thousandth (1/10,000th) of a share. If an adjustment to the Conversion Rate otherwise required pursuant to Sections 6.1 through 6.5 would result in a change of less than 1.0% to the Conversion Rate, then, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, at its election, defer and carry forward such adjustment, except that all such deferred
adjustments must be given effect immediately upon the earliest to occur of the following: (i) when all such deferred adjustments would result in an aggregate change of at least 1.0% to the Conversion Rate; (ii) on the Conversion
Date for this Note, and (iii) on the effective date of any Fundamental Transaction, in each case, unless the adjustment has already been made.

20

7. Redemptions at the Companys Option.

7.1 Company Optional Redemption.

(a)The Company shall have the right at any time to redeem all, but not less than all, of the Principal then outstanding under this Note (the CompanyOptional Redemption Amount) on the Company Optional Redemption Date (a Company Optional Redemption). The portion of this
Note subject to redemption pursuant to this Section 7.1 shall be redeemed by the Company in cash at (i) a price equal to the sum of the Redemption Premium Amount as of the
Company Optional Redemption Date and the outstanding Principal being redeemed as of the Company Optional Redemption Date (the Company Optional Redemption Price), plus (ii) all
accrued but unpaid Interest on such Principal to be redeemed.

(b)The Company may exercise its right to require redemption under this Section 7.1 by delivering a written notice thereof by facsimile or
electronic mail and overnight courier to all, but not less than all, of the holders of Notes (the Company Optional Redemption Notice and the date all of the holders of Notes received
such notice is referred to as the Company Optional Redemption NoticeDate). The Company may deliver only one Company
Optional Redemption Notice hereunder and such Company Optional Redemption Notice shall be irrevocable; provided, that the
Company Optional Redemption Notice may be conditioned upon the effectiveness of any credit facility or capital raising, the consummation of a particular disposition or the occurrence of a change of control, as specified in the Company Optional
Redemption Notice, in which case such Company Optional Redemption Notice may be revoked by the Company (by notice to all the holders of Notes on or prior to the Company Optional Redemption Date) if such condition is not satisfied. The Company
Optional Redemption Notice shall (i) state the date on which the Company Optional Redemption shall occur (the Company Optional Redemption Date) which date shall (A) not
be less than fifteen (15) calendar days nor more than twenty-five (25) calendar days following the Company Optional Redemption Notice Date, or (B) if such Company Optional Redemption is conditioned upon the effectiveness of any credit facility or
capital raising, the consummation of a particular disposition or the occurrence of a change of control, as specified in the Company Optional Redemption Notice, not be less than fifteen (15) calendar days following the Company Optional Redemption
Notice Date nor be a date that is later than the applicable closing date of the relevant transaction specified in the Company Optional Redemption Notice and (ii) certify that there has been no Equity Conditions Failure.

21

(c)Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, (i) if no Equity Conditions Failure has occurred as of the Company Optional Redemption Notice Date but an Equity Conditions Failure occurs at any time prior to the Company Optional Redemption Date,
(A) the Company shall provide the Holder a subsequent notice to that effect, and (B) unless the Holder waives the Equity Conditions Failure, the Company Optional Redemption shall be cancelled and the applicable Company Optional Redemption Notice
shall be null and void, and (ii) at any time prior to the date that is fifteen (15) calendar days following the Company Optional Redemption Notice Date, the Company Optional Redemption Amount may be converted, in whole or in part, by the Holder
into shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 3 (in which case all accrued but unpaid Interest and any Redemption Premium Amount payable on such Principal shall be paid to the Holder in
cash).

(d)Any portion of the Principal of the Note converted by the Holder after the Company Optional Redemption Notice Date shall reduce the Company Optional Redemption Amount of this Note required to be redeemed
on the Company Optional Redemption Date. Redemptions made pursuant to this Section 7.1 shall be made in accordance with Section 10. For the avoidance of doubt, the Redemption Premium shall be disregarded for purposes of calculation of the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note.

(e)In the event of
the Companys redemption of this Note under this Section 7.1, the Holders damages would be uncertain and difficult to estimate because of the parties inability to predict future
interest rates and the uncertainty of the availability of a suitable substitute investment opportunity for the Holder. Accordingly, any redemption premium amount due under this Section 7.1
is intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed, a reasonable estimate of the Holders actual loss of its investment opportunity and not as a penalty. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company shall have the right to effect a Company
Optional Redemption if any Event of Default has occurred and continuing.

7.2Pro Rata Redemption Requirement. If the Company elects to cause a Company Optional Redemption of this Note pursuant to Section 7.1,
then it must simultaneously take the same action with respect to all of the Other Notes.

8.Noncircumvention. The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other governing document or through any reorganization,
transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, and will at all
times in good faith carry out all of the provisions of this Note. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing or any other provision of this Note or the other Transaction Documents, the Company (a) shall not increase the par value of any
shares of Common Stock receivable upon conversion of this Note above the Conversion Price then in effect, (b) shall not modify the voting rights attached to Common Stock and (c) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in
order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of this Note.

9. Reservation of Authorized Shares.

22

9.1Reservation. The Company shall initially reserve out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock a number of shares of Common Stock for each of this Note and the Other Notes
equal to 100% of the Conversion Rate with respect to the principal amount of each such Note as of the Issuance Date. So long as any of this Note and the Other Notes are outstanding, the Company shall take all action necessary to reserve and
keep available out of its authorized and unissued Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of this Note and the Other Notes, the number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the
conversion of all of the Notes then outstanding; provided, that, at no time shall the number of shares of Common Stock so
reserved be less than the number of shares required to be reserved pursuant hereto (in each case, without regard to any limitations on conversions) (the Required Reserve Amount). The
initial number of shares of Common Stock reserved for conversions of this Note and the Other Notes and each increase in the number of shares so reserved shall be allocated pro rata among the Holder and the holders of the Other Notes based on
the Principal amount of this Note and the Other Notes held by each holder at the Closing (as defined in the Securities Exchange Agreement) or at the time of the increase in the number of reserved shares, as the case may be (the Authorized Share Allocation). In the event that a holder shall sell or otherwise transfer this Note, or a portion thereof, or any of such holders Other Notes, each transferee shall be
allocated a pro rata portion of such holders Authorized Share Allocation.

9.2Insufficient Authorized Shares. If at any time while any of the Notes remain outstanding the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved shares of Common Stock
to satisfy its obligation to have reserved for issuance upon conversion of the outstanding Notes at least a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Required Reserve Amount (an Authorized
Share Failure), then the Company shall promptly take all action necessary to increase the Companys authorized shares of Common Stock to an amount sufficient to allow the Company to reserve the Required Reserve Amount for the
Notes then outstanding. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, as soon as practicable after the date of the occurrence of an Authorized Share Failure, but in no event later than sixty (60)
days after the occurrence of such Authorized Share Failure, the Company shall either (i) obtain the written consent of its stockholders for the approval of an increase in the number of authorized shares of Common Stock or (ii) file with the
SEC a proxy statement for a meeting of its stockholders at which meeting the Company will seek the approval of its stockholders for an increase in the number of authorized shares of Common Stock. In connection with such meeting, the Company
shall provide each stockholder with a proxy statement and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to solicit its stockholders approval of such increase in authorized shares of Common Stock and to cause its Board of Directors to recommend
to the stockholders that they approve such proposal. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if during any such time of an Authorized Share Failure, the Company is able to obtain the written consent of a majority of the shares of its issued and
outstanding Common Stock to approve the increase in the number of authorized shares of Common Stock, the Company may satisfy this obligation by obtaining such consent and submitting for filing with the SEC an Information Statement on Schedule
14C.

10. Redemptions.

23

10.1 Mechanics.

(a)If the Holder has
submitted a Change of Control Redemption Notice in accordance with Section 5.2, the Company shall deliver the applicable Change of Control Redemption Price (together with all accrued
but unpaid Interest on the Principal to be redeemed) to the Holder in cash concurrently with the consummation of such Change of Control if such notice is received prior to the consummation of such Change of Control and within five (5) Business
Days after the Companys receipt of such notice otherwise (each, a Change of ControlRedemption Date).

(b)In the event of a
Company Optional Redemption, the Company shall deliver the applicable Company Optional Redemption Price (together with all accrued but unpaid Interest) to the Holder in cash or shares of Common Stock as determined in Section 3.4 hereof on the applicable Company Optional Redemption Date.

(c)Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, in connection with any redemption under this Section 10 at a time the Holder is entitled to receive a cash payment under any of the other Transaction
Documents, at the option of the Holder delivered in writing to the Company, the applicable Redemption Price hereunder shall be increased by the amount of such cash payment owed to the Holder under such other Transaction Document and, upon
payment in full in accordance herewith, shall satisfy the Companys payment obligation under such other Transaction Document.

(d)In the event of a
redemption of less than all of the Principal of this Note, the Company shall promptly cause to be issued and delivered to the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section 16.4)
representing the outstanding Principal which has not been redeemed.

(e)In the event that
the Company does not pay the applicable Redemption Price to the Holder within the time period required, at any time thereafter and until the Company pays such unpaid Redemption Price in full, the Holder shall have the option, in lieu of
redemption, to require the Company to promptly return to the Holder all or any portion of this Note representing the Principal that was submitted for redemption and for which the applicable Redemption Price (together with any Interest thereon)
has not been paid. Upon the Companys receipt of such notice, (i) the applicable Redemption Notice shall be null and void with respect to such Principal, and (ii) the Company shall immediately return this Note, or issue a new Note (in
accordance with Section 16.4), to the Holder; provided, that,
notwithstanding the applicable Redemption Notice being deemed null and void and such return or issuance of this Note or a new Note in accordance with the foregoing, a continual Event of Default shall thereafter be deemed to have occurred and be
continuing until the subsequent repayment or conversion of this Note in full.

24

10.2Redemption by Other Holders. Upon the Companys receipt of notice from any of the holders of the Other Notes (other than any such holder which
is an Affiliate of the Holder) for redemption or repayment as a result of an event or occurrence substantially similar to the events or occurrences described Section 5.2 (each, an Other RedemptionNotice), the Company shall immediately, but no later than two (2) Business Days after its receipt thereof,
forward to the Holder by facsimile or electronic mail a copy of such notice. If the Company receives a Change of Control Redemption Notice and one or more Other Redemption Notices, during the seven (7) Business Day period beginning on and
including the date which is two (2) Business Days prior to the Companys receipt of the Holders Change of Control Redemption Notice and ending on and including the date which is five (5) Business Days after the Companys receipt
of the Holders Change of Control Redemption Notice and the Company is unable to redeem all principal, interest and any other amount designated in such Change of Control Redemption Notice and such Other Redemption Notices received during such seven
(7) Business Day period, then the Company shall redeem a pro rata amount from each holder of the Notes (including the Holder) based on the principal amount of the Notes submitted for redemption pursuant to such Change of Control Redemption Notice
and such Other Redemption Notices received by the Company during such seven (7) Business Day period.

11.Voting Rights. The Holder shall have no voting rights with respect to the shares of the capital stock of the Company in its capacity as the holder of this Note, except as required by law and as expressly provided in
this Note.

12.Covenants. Until all of the Notes have been converted, redeemed or otherwise satisfied, in full, in accordance with their terms (excluding contingent and indemnification or contribution obligations), the Company hereby
covenants and agrees that:

12.1Rank. All payments due under this Note shall rank pari passu with all Other Notes.

12.2Maintenance of Existence. The Company shall preserve and maintain its legal existence.

12.3Maintenance of Listing. The Company shall maintain its Common Stock listing on the Principal Market or another Eligible Market (subject to all cure periods permitted by the Principal
Market or such other Eligible Market). The Company shall list any Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note on the Principal Market or any other Eligible Market on which the Common Stock is then listed prior to issuance of such Common
Stock.

12.4Change of Control. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, have a Change of Control without the prior written approval of the Holder, which
approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. The Company shall at all times comply with the Holders standard and customary know your customer reviews and clearance in connection with any approved Change of Control.

25

12.5No Sale of Assets. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any subsidiary to, during the term of the Note, transfer any material portion of its respective assets unless such transfer is
in the ordinary course of the Companys business, for fair market value and such fair market value is given to the Company, in its sole name, and such transfer will not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company
and/or its ability to perform the obligations hereunder, as determined by the Holder in their sole and absolute discretion.

12.6Further Assurances and Preservation of Security. The Company shall, and shall cause its subsidiaries to, do all acts and execute all documents for the better and more effective carrying
out of the intent and purposes of this Note, as the Holder shall reasonably require from time to time, and will do such other acts necessary or desirable to preserve and protect the Collateral at any time securing or intending to secure the
Note, as the Holder may require.

12.7Subordination of Debt. The Company shall, and shall cause its subsidiaries to, fully subordinate all of the Companys debts owed to third parties, including, without limitation, officers,
employees, stockholders, and affiliates, upon terms and conditions acceptable to the Holder, other than the MSPLP Facility and Permitted Debt (as defined in the MSPLP Facility as in effect on the Issuance Date) which is not expressly required
to be subordinated.

12.8Indebtedness. During the term of the Note, the Company shall not, nor shall it permit any subsidiary to, incur, create, assume or permit to exist any indebtedness or liability on account
of advances or deposits, any indebtedness or liability for borrowed money, any indebtedness constituting the deferred purchase price of any property or assets, any indebtedness owed under any conditional sale or title retention agreement,
contingent obligations pursuant to guaranties, endorsements, letters of credit and other secondary liabilities, or any other indebtedness or liability evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar obligations without the prior written
approval of the Holder, except for Permitted Debt (as defined in the MSPLP Facility as in effect on the Issuance Date) and the Madryn Bridge Loan Agreement.

12.9Liens. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or
hereafter acquired, securing any debt for borrowed money or any obligations evidenced by a bond, debenture, note, loan agreement or other similar instrument, or any guarantee of the foregoing, other than Permitted Liens (as defined in the MSPLP
Facility as in effect on the Issuance Date).

12.10Restricted Payments. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any subsidiary to, make any Restricted Payment.

26

For the purposes of this Section 12.10, Restricted Payment means (a) any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash,
securities or other property) with respect to any equity securities of the Company or its subsidiaries, but excluding any intercompany dividends or distributions made to the Company from one or more of its subsidiaries; (b) any purchase,
redemption, retirement or acquisition by the Company or its subsidiaries for value of any equity securities or any distribution of any kind in cash or other property or assets in respect thereof; (c) any payment (whether in cash, securities or
other property or assets), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such equity securities or on account of any return of capital to the
equity holders, partners or members (or the equivalent person thereof) of the Company or its subsidiaries, and (d) any management fees, board fees, director or manager fees or similar fees, but, for the avoidance of doubt, excluding fees paid to
officers, directors and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. For the further avoidance of doubt, the transactions contemplated by that certain Exchange Agreement dated as of March 31, 2025, made among the parties hereto, do not constitute
a Restricted Payment.

12.11Repayment of Other Indebtedness. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any subsidiary to, repay the principal balance of, or pay any interest on, any debt (other than the MSPLP
Facility) unless the principal or interest payment is mandatory and due, until the Note is repaid in full.

With respect to debt that predates the Note, principal and interest payments are mandatory and due: (i) on the future date upon
which they were scheduled to be paid as of the date of origination of the Note, or (ii) upon the occurrence of an event that automatically triggers mandatory prepayments under a contract for indebtedness that the Company executed prior to the date
of origination of the Note, except that any such prepayments triggered by the incurrence of new debt can only be paid (i) if such prepayments are de minimis, or (ii) under the Note at the time of origination of the Note.

For the avoidance of doubt, the Company and its subsidiaries may continue to pay, and the Holder may request that the Company and
its subsidiaries pay, interest or principal payments on outstanding debt on (or after) the payment due date, provided that the payment due date was scheduled prior to the date of origination of the Note. The Company and its subsidiaries may not
pay, and the Holder may not request that the Company or its subsidiaries pay, interest or principal payments on such debt ahead of schedule during the life of the Note, unless required by a mandatory prepayment clause as specifically permitted
above.

For future debt incurred by the Company or its subsidiaries in compliance with the terms and conditions of the Note, principal
and interest payments are mandatory and due on their scheduled dates or upon the occurrence of an event that automatically triggers mandatory prepayments.

As to repayment of a loan owed to an owner or to an affiliate of the Company or its subsidiaries, such repayment shall be allowed
provided that the loan is a bona fide loan and repayment is made when mandatory and due. A loan owed to an owner or to an affiliate of a Company shall be considered bona fide if (i) it is a written instrument with a stated interest rate, a stated
maturity date, and terms that are at least as favorable to the Company as market terms for similar loans at the time of origination; (ii) such owner or affiliate of the Company has a reasonable expectation of repayment, including that payments on
the loan are not deferred; (iii) the debt is enforceable under state law; and (iv) such owner or affiliate of the Company has remedies upon default (e.g., a security interest or position with respect to other creditors).

27

The Company and its subsidiaries hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Holder may require, in their sole and absolute
discretion, additional documentation from the Company relating to any loan owed to an owner or to an affiliate of the Company, including, without limitation, promissory notes or other evidence of such debt, as well as affidavits or certifications
from the Company, in order to confirm that such loan is bona fide.

12.12Fees and Expenses. The Company agrees to pay all other fees and expenses incurred by the Holder in connection with the Note, which shall include, but not be limited to, the legal fees and
costs of the Holders counsel.

12.13Key Person Event. The Company shall ensure that Rajiv De Silva (Chief Executive Officer) maintains his current position as Chief Executive Officer of the Company; provided that no default
or Event of Default shall occur if Rajiv De Silva voluntarily terminates employment if, (i) the Company provides to the Holder written notice thereof no later than the earlier of (A) the effective date of such voluntary termination and (B)
twenty-four (24) hours prior to the date in which the Company is required to provide notice of such voluntary termination to its shareholders and (ii) within ninety (90) days following such voluntary termination, such Person is replaced with
another individual acceptable to the Holder (evidenced by Holder providing written notice of such acceptance to the Company).

12.14Fundamental Changes. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any subsidiary to, dissolve, liquidate, amalgamate or consolidate with or into another person, or dispose of (whether in one
transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any person (including, in each case, pursuant to a Delaware LLC Division)

12.15Investments. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any subsidiary to, make any Investment (as defined in the MSPLP Facility as in effect on the Issuance Date).

12.16Liquidity. At all times until the Note is repaid in full, the Borrower shall maintain a minimum average daily deposit ledger balance in all Related Accounts (as defined below) in an amount
equal to or greater than $3,000,000 as of the end of each month (the Minimum Liquidity Requirement), to be tested on a monthly basis. The Minimum Liquidity Requirement may be
satisfied by reference to the aggregate funds on deposit at any given time in all accounts of the Borrower and the Guarantors maintained with any bank or financial institution that are subject to a deposit account control agreement (or similar
agreement) in favor of the Holders (collectively, the RelatedAccounts).

28

13.Amendments and Waivers. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Note or any other Transaction Document, and no consent to any departure by the Company therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by
the Required Holders and the Company. Each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which it is given. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any such amendment, waiver, consent or other
departure that complies with the foregoing but that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any holder of this Note or any Other Note relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other
holders of this Note or any Other Note shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Person(s). Any change, amendment, waiver, consent or departure by the Company and the Holder required by this Section 13 shall be binding on the Company, the Holder of this Note and all holders of the Other Notes.

14.Collateral. Solely in the event that this Note is held by Madryn Health Partners, LP or Madryn Health Partners (Cayman Master), LP or any of its Affiliates, this Note and the Other Notes are secured to the extent and in
the manner set forth in the Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, the Guaranty and Security Agreement).

15.Transfer. Unless the Assignment Conditions and the other terms of Section 9.8 of the Securities Exchange Agreement have been satisfied, this Note may not be offered, sold, assigned or transferred by the Holder other
than to an Affiliate of the Holder upon notice to the Company, subject only to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Securities Exchange Agreement. Any shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of this Note
may be offered, sold, assigned or transferred by the Holder without the consent of the Company, subject only to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Securities Exchange Agreement.

16. Reissuances; New Notes.

16.1Transfer. If this Note is to be transferred in accordance with the terms of this Note, the Holder shall surrender
this Note to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section 16.4 and subject to Section 3.2(c)), registered as the Holder may request, representing the outstanding Principal being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the entire outstanding Principal is being
transferred, a new Note (in accordance with Section16.4) to the Holder representing the outstanding Principal not being
transferred. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of Section 3.2(c) following conversion or redemption of
any portion of this Note, the outstanding Principal represented by this Note may be less than the Principal stated on the face of this Note.

16.2Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Note. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case
of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder a
new Note (in accordance with Section 16.4) representing the outstanding Principal.

29

16.3Note Exchangeable for Different Denominations. This Note is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company, for a new Note or Notes (in
accordance with Section 16.4) representing in the aggregate the outstanding Principal of this Note, and each such new Note will represent such portion of such outstanding Principal as
is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender.

16.4Issuance of New Notes. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Note pursuant to the terms of this Note, such new Note (a) shall be of like tenor with this Note, (b) shall
represent, as indicated on the face of such new Note, the Principal remaining outstanding (or in the case of a new Note being issued pursuant to Section 16.1 or Section16.3, the Principal designated by the Holder which, when added to the principal represented by the other new Notes
issued in connection with such issuance, does no t exceed the Principal remaining outstanding under this Note immediately prior to such issuance of new Notes), (c) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Note, which is
the same as the Issuance Date of this Note, and (d) shall have the same rights and conditions as this Note.

17.Remedies, other Obligations, Breaches and Injunctive Relief . The remedies provided in this Note shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Note and any of the other Transaction
Documents at law or in equity, and nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to pursue actual damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Note. No failure on the part of the Holder to exercise, and no delay in
exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise by the Holder of any right, power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other
right, power or remedy. In addition, the exercise of any right or remedy of the Holder at law or equity or under this Note or any of the documents shall not be deemed to be an election of Holders rights or remedies under such documents or at
law or equity. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be
subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may
be inadequate. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein or any other Transaction Document, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, neither the Company nor the Holder shall assert, and each of the Company and the
Holder waives, and acknowledges that no Person shall have, any claims on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a
result of, this Note or any other Transaction Document or any transaction contemplated thereby.

18.Payment of Collection, Enforcement and Other Costs. If (a) an Event of Default has occurred and this Note is placed in the
hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement or is collected or enforced through any legal proceeding or the Holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under this Note or to enforce the provisions of this Note or (b) there
occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the Company or other proceedings affecting Company creditors rights and involving a claim under this Note, then the Company shall pay the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs
incurred by the Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other proceeding, including, without limitation, attorneys fees and disbursements.

30

19.Construction; Headings. This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the initial Holder and shall not be construed against any such Person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for
convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Note. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular and plural
forms thereof. The terms including, includes, include and words of like import shall be construed broadly as if followed by the words without limitation. The terms herein, hereunder, hereof and words of like import refer to this
entire Note instead of just the provision in which they are found. Unless expressly indicated otherwise, all section references are to sections of this Note. Terms used in this Note and not otherwise defined herein, but defined in the other
Transaction Documents, shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms on the Issuance Date in such other Transaction Documents unless otherwise consented to in writing by the Holder.

20.Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of
any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege.

21. Dispute Resolution.

21.1 Submission to Dispute Resolution.

(a)In the case of a
dispute relating to a Closing Sale Price, a Conversion Rate, a fair market value or a Redemption Premium Amount or the arithmetic calculation of a Conversion Price or the applicable Redemption Price (as the case may be) (including, without
limitation, a dispute relating to the determination of any of the foregoing), the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) shall submit the dispute to the other party via facsimile or electronic mail (i) if by the Company, within five (5)
Business Days after the occurrence of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute or (ii) if by the Holder, within five (5) Business Days after the Holder learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Company
are unable to promptly resolve such dispute relating to such Closing Sale Price, such Conversion Rate, such fair market value or such Redemption Premium Amount, or the arithmetic calculation of such Conversion Price or such applicable
Redemption Price (as the case may be), at any time after the second (2nd) Business Day following such initial notice by the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) of such dispute to the
Company or the Holder (as the case may be), then the Holder may, with the consent of the Company (such consent not to be unreasonably or untimely withheld), select an independent, reputable, nationally known investment bank to resolve such
dispute.

31

(b)The Holder and the Company shall each deliver to such investment bank (i) a copy of the initial dispute submission so delivered in accordance with the first sentence of this Section 21 and (ii) written documentation supporting its position with respect to such dispute, in each case, no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) by the tenth (10th) Business Day immediately following the date on which the Holder selected such investment bank (the Dispute SubmissionDeadline) (the documents referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (i) and (ii) are collectively referred to herein as the Required Dispute Documentation)

(it being understood and agreed that if either the Holder or the Company fails to so deliver all of the Required Dispute Documentation by the Dispute Submission Deadline, then the party who fails to so submit all of the Required Dispute
Documentation shall no longer be entitled to (and hereby waives its right to) deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such investment bank with respect to such dispute and such investment bank shall resolve such dispute
based solely on the Required Dispute Documentation that was delivered to such investment bank prior to the Dispute Submission Deadline). Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by both the Company and the Holder or otherwise requested by such
investment bank, neither the Company nor the Holder shall be entitled to deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such investment bank in connection with such dispute (other than the Required Dispute Documentation).

(c)The Company and
the Holder shall cause such investment bank to determine the resolution of such dispute and notify the Company and the Holder of such resolution no later than ten (10) Business Days immediately following the Dispute Submission Deadline. The
reasonable fees and reasonable expenses of such investment bank shall be borne solely by the Company, and such investment banks resolution of such dispute shall be final and binding upon all parties absent manifest error.

21.2Miscellaneous. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (a) this Section 21 constitutes an agreement to arbitrate
between the Company and the Holder (and constitutes an arbitration agreement) under 7501, et seq. of the New York Civil Practice Law and Rules (CPLR) and that the Holder is
authorized to apply for an order to compel arbitration pursuant to CPLR 7503(a) in order to compel compliance with this Section 21, (b) a dispute relating to a Conversion Rate or a
Conversion Price includes, without limitation, disputes as to whether an agreement, instrument, security or the like constitutes a right, warrant, grant or option to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock, (c) the terms of this Note
and each other applicable Transaction Document shall serve as the basis for the selected investment banks resolution of the applicable dispute, such investment bank shall be entitled (and is hereby expressly authorized) to make all findings,
determinations and the like that such investment bank determines are required to be made by such investment bank in connection with its resolution of such dispute and in resolving such dispute such investment bank shall apply such findings,
determinations and the like to the terms of this Note and any other applicable Transaction Documents, (d) the Holder (and only the Holder), in its sole discretion, shall have the right to submit any dispute described in this Section 21 to any state or federal court sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan in lieu of utilizing the procedures set forth in this Section 21 and (e) nothing in this Section 21 shall limit the Holder from obtaining any injunctive relief or other equitable remedies
(including, without limitation, with respect to any matters described in this Section 21).

32

21.3Pendency of Dispute. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, during either (a) the pendency of any dispute under this Section

21 with respect to either (i) whether the existence or continuation of an Event of Default has occurred or (ii) whether the conditions to a Company Optional Redemption pursuant to Section

7 have been satisfied, or (b) the time that both an Event of Default is continuing and the pendency of any other dispute under this Section 21, without the prior
written consent of the Holder, the Company shall not be permitted to exercise its rights under Section 7and no Company Optional Redemption pursuant to
Section 7 shall be effective.

22. Notices; Currency; Payments.

22.1Notices. Whenever notice is required to be given under this Note, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice
shall be given in accordance with Section 9.5 of the Securities Exchange Agreement. The Company will give written notice to the Holder promptly upon any adjustment of the Conversion Rate, setting forth in reasonable detail, and
certifying, the calculation of such adjustment.

22.2Currency. All dollar amounts referred to in this Note are in United States Dollars (U.S.
Dollars), and all amounts owing under this Note shall be paid in U.S. Dollars. All amounts denominated in other currencies (if any) shall be converted into the U.S. Dollar equivalent amount in accordance with the
Exchange Rate on the date of calculation. Exchange Rate means, in relation to any amount of currency to be converted into U.S. Dollars pursuant to this Note, the U.S. Dollar exchange
rate as published in the Wall Street Journal on the relevant date of calculation (it being understood and agreed that where an amount is calculated with reference to, or over, a period of time, the date of calculation shall be the final date of
such period of time).

22.3Payments. Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Company to any Person pursuant to this Note, such payment shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America by a
check drawn on the account of the Company and sent via overnight courier service to such Person at such address as previously provided to the Company in writing (which address, in the case of the Holder, shall initially be as set forth on the
Schedule of Investors attached to the Securities Exchange Agreement); provided, that, the Holder may elect to receive a
payment of cash via wire transfer of immediately available funds by providing the Company with prior written notice setting out such request and the Holders wire transfer instructions. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of
this Note is due on any day which is not a Business Day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day.

23.Cancellation. After all Principal, accrued Interest and other amounts at any time owed on this Note have been satisfied in full (including, for the avoidance of doubt, by conversion in full of this Note into shares of
the Common Stock, but excluding contingent and indemnification obligations), this Note shall automatically be deemed canceled, shall be surrendered to the Company for cancellation and shall not be reissued.

33

24.Waiver of Notice. To the extent permitted by law, the Company hereby irrevocably waives demand, notice, presentment, protest and all other demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance,
default or enforcement of this Note and the Securities Exchange Agreement.

25.Governing Law. This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Note shall be governed by, the internal laws
of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than
the State of New York. Except as otherwise required by Section 21 above, the Company hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting
in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in
any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is
improper. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein (a) shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Holder from bringing suit or taking other
legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Companys obligations to the Holder, to realize on any collateral or any other security for such obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor
of the Holder or (b) shall limit, or shall be deemed or construed to limit, any provision of Section 21. THE COMPANY
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

26.Severability. If any provision of this Note is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or
unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Note so
long as this Note as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question
does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith
negotiations to replace the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

27.Usury. This Note is subject to the express condition that at no time shall the Company be obligated or required to pay interest hereunder at a rate or in an amount which could subject the Holder to either civil or
criminal liability as a result of being in excess of the maximum interest rate or amount which the Company is permitted by applicable law to contract or agree to pay. If by the terms of this Note, the Company is at any time required or
obligated to pay interest hereunder at a rate or in an amount in excess of such maximum rate or amount, the rate or amount of interest under this Note shall be deemed to be immediately reduced to such maximum rate or amount and
the interest payable shall be computed at such maximum rate or be in such maximum amount and all prior interest payments in excess of such maximum rate or amount shall be applied and shall be deemed to have been payments in reduction of the
principal balance of this Note .

34

28. Adjusted Three-Month Term SOFR Unavailability Period.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Note, if the Holder determines (which determination shall be
conclusive absent manifest error) that a SOFR Unavailability Period has commenced and is continuing, then, reasonably promptly after such determination, the Holder shall give the Company notice thereof and the Holder and the Company may
amend this Note to replace Adjusted Three-Month Term SOFR with an alternate benchmark rate (including any mathematical or other adjustments to the benchmark (if any) incorporated therein (including spread adjustments or method for calculating or
determining such spread adjustments, which may be a positive or negative value or equal to zero)), giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated credit facilities for such alternative
benchmarks (any such proposed rate, a SOFR Successor Rate), together with any proposed SOFR Successor Rate Conforming Changes. It is understood and agreed that, for all purposes of this Agreement, once commenced, a SOFR Unavailability Period
shall be deemed to exist and be continuing unless and until such amendment has become effective in accordance with the terms hereof.

Notwithstanding anything else herein, any definition of SOFR Successor Rate shall provide that in no event shall such SOFR Successor Rate be less
than five percent (5.0%) for purposes of this Note.

29.Definitions. As used in this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

29.1Adjusted Three-Month Term SOFR means, which respect to any Interest Period, a rate per annum equal to the sum of (a) Three-Month Term SOFR for such Interest Period, plus (b) the SOFR Adjustment.

29.2Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person, it being understood for
purposes of this definition that control of a Person means the power directly or indirectly either to vote 10% or more of the stock having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or direct or cause the direction of
the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise.

29.3 Applicable Margin means eight and one-half percent (8.50%) per annum.

29.4 Authorized Share Allocation has the meaning specified in Section 9.1.

29.5 Authorized Share Failure has the meaning specified in Section 9.2.

29.6 Bankruptcy Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 4.1.

35

29.7Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday, any day which shall be a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking institutions in The State of New
York or Ontario, Canada are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

29.8Calendar Quarter means each of: (a) the period beginning on and including January 1 and ending on and including the next occurring March 31; (b) the period beginning on and including
April 1 and ending on and including the next occurring June 30; (c) the period beginning on and including July 1 and ending on and including the next occurring September 30; (d) and the period beginning on and including October 1 and ending on
and including the next occurring December 31.

29.9Change of Control means the occurrence of, for any reason whatsoever, any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act, but excluding any
employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan), other than any of the Permitted Holders, becomes the beneficial
owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person or group has the right to acquire (such right, an option right), whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time), directly or indirectly, of 50% or more of the equity interests of the Company entitled to
vote for members of the Board of Directors of the Company on a fully diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities that such person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right).

29.10 Change of Control Notice has the meaning specified in Section 5.2.

29.11 Change of Control RedemptionDate
has the meaning specified in Section 10.1.

29.12 Change of Control Redemption Notice has the meaning specified in Section 5.2.

29.13 Change of Control Redemption Price has the meaning specified inSection 5.2.

29.14Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, the last closing trade price for such security on the Principal Market, as reported by FactSet, or, if the Principal Market
begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing trade price (as the case may be) then last trade price of such security prior to 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by FactSet, or, if the Principal Market is
not the principal securities exchange or trading market for such security, the last trade price of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded as reported by FactSet, or if the
foregoing do not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by FactSet, or, if no last trade price is reported for such security by FactSet, the
average of the ask prices of any market makers for such security as reported in the pink sheets by OTC Markets Group Inc. (formerly Pink Sheets LLC). If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the
foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Required Holders are unable to agree upon the fair market value of
such security, then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures in Section 21. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock splits, stock
dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or other similar transactions during such period.

36

29.15 CME means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited.

29.16 CNB means City National Bank of Florida.

29.17Common Stock means (a) Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share of the Company, and (b) any share capital into which such Common Stock shall be changed or any share capital resulting
from a reclassification of such Common Stock.

29.18 Company has the meaning specified in the preamble to this Note.

29.19 Company Optional Redemption has the meaning specified in Section 7.1.

29.20 Company Optional Redemption Amount has the meaning specified inSection 7.1.

29.21 Company Optional Redemption Date has the meaning specified in Section 7.1.

29.22 Company Optional Redemption Notice has the meaning specified inSection 7.1.

29.23Company Optional RedemptionNotice Date has the meaning specified in Section
7.1.

29.24 Company Optional Redemption Price has the meaning specified inSection 7.1.

29.25Controlled Investment Affiliate means, as to any Person, any other Person which directly or indirectly is in control of or is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person
and is organized by such Person (or any Person controlled by such Person) primarily for making equity or debt investments in the Company or other portfolio companies of such Person.

29.26 Conversion Date has the meaning specified in Section

3.2(a).

37

29.27Conversion Failure means the failure by the Company, for any reason or for no reason, on or prior to the applicable Share Delivery Deadline, to either: (a) if (i) the Transfer Agent is
not participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program or (ii) such applicable shares of Common Stock may not then be resold by the Holder pursuant to a Permitted Securities Transaction, deliver a certificate for
the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled and register such shares of Common Stock on the Companys share register, or (b) if (i) the Transfer Agent is participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program
and (ii) such applicable shares of Common Stock may then be resold by the Holder pursuant to a Permitted Securities Transaction, credit the balance account of the Holder or the Holders designee with DTC for such number of shares of Common Stock to
which the Holder is entitled upon the Holders conversion of this Note (as the case may be).

29.28 Conversion Notice has the meaning specified in Section

3.2(a).

29.29Conversion Price per share of Common Stock as of any time means the result obtained by dividing (a) $1,000 by (b) the then applicable Conversion Rate, rounded to the nearest cent.

29.30Conversion Rate means the rate at which shares of Common Stock shall be delivered upon conversion, which rate shall be initially 3.7878788 shares of Common Stock for each $1,000 principal
amount of Notes, as adjusted from time to time pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

29.31Dispute Submission Deadline has the meaning specified in Section21.1(b).

29.32 DTC has the meaning specified in Section
3.2(a).

29.33Eligible Market means the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE MKT, the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the NASDAQ Global Market, the NASDAQ Capital Market or the OTCBB.

29.34 Equity Conditions means, with respect to a given date
of determination, as of such date of determination:

(a)either (i) one or
more Registration Statements filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Agreement shall be effective and the prospectus contained therein shall be available on such applicable date of determination (with, for the avoidance of doubt, any shares
of Common Stock previously sold pursuant to such prospectus deemed unavailable) for the resale of all shares of Common Stock to be issued in connection with the event requiring this determination (each, a Required Minimum Securities Amount), in each case, in accordance with the terms of the Securities Exchange Agreement and there shall not be any ongoing Grace Periods (as defined in the Securities Exchange Agreement) as
of such date of determination or (ii) all Registrable Securities shall be eligible for sale without restriction pursuant to Rule 144 (including, without limitation, volume restrictions) without the need for registration under any applicable
federal or state securities laws (in each case, disregarding any limitation on conversion of the Notes or other issuance of securities with respect to the Notes);

38

(b)the Common Stock
(including all Registrable Securities) is listed or designated for quotation (as applicable) on an Eligible Market and shall not have been suspended from trading on an Eligible Market (other than suspensions of not more than two (2) days and
occurring prior to the applicable date of determination due to business announcements by the Company) nor shall delisting or suspension by an Eligible Market have been threatened (with a reasonable prospect of delisting occurring after giving
effect to all applicable notice, appeal, compliance and hearing periods) or reasonably likely to occur or pending as evidenced by (i) a writing by such Eligible Market or (ii) the Company falling below the minimum listing maintenance
requirements of the Eligible Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or designated for quotation (as applicable) for the period of time specified by such requirement;

(c)any shares of Common
Stock to be issued in connection with the event requiring determination (or issuable upon conversion of the portion of the Principal being redeemed in the event requiring this determination) may be issued in full without violating Section 3.3 hereof; provided, that this clause (c) shall not apply if prior to such date of determination, the stockholders of
the Company have already voted to reject additional issuances of shares of the Common Stock in excess of the Exchange Cap;

(d)any shares of Common
Stock to be issued in connection with the event requiring determination (or issuable upon conversion of the portion of the Principal being redeemed in the event requiring this determination at the Conversion Rate then in effect (without regard
to any limitations on conversion set forth herein)) may be issued in full without violating the rules or regulations of the Eligible Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or designated for quotation (as applicable);

(e)the Company shall
have no knowledge of any fact that would reasonably be expected to cause (i) any Registration Statement filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Agreement to not be effective or the prospectus contained therein to not be available for the
resale of the applicable Required Minimum Securities Amount of Registrable Securities in accordance with the terms of the Securities Exchange Agreement or (ii) any Registrable Securities to not be eligible for sale without restriction pursuant
to Rule 144 (including, without limitation, volume restrictions) without the need for registration under any applicable federal or state securities laws (in each case, disregarding any limitation on conversion of the Notes or other issuance of
securities with respect to the Notes);

(f) [reserved];

39

(g) (i) no Authorized Share Failure shall exist or be continuing, (ii) the applicable Required Minimum Securities Amount
of shares of Common Stock are available under the certificate of incorporation of the Company and reserved by the Company to be issued pursuant to the Notes and (iii) all shares of Common Stock to be issued in connection with the event requiring
this determination (or issuable upon conversion of the portion of the Principal being redeemed in the event requiring this determination at the Conversion Rate then in effect (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein)) may
be issued in full without resulting in an Authorized Share Failure;

(h)there shall not
have occurred and then be continuing an Event of Default or an event that with the passage of time or giving of notice would constitute an Event of Default; and

(i)the shares of
Common Stock issuable pursuant the event requiring the satisfaction of the Equity Conditions (or issuable upon conversion of the portion of the Principal being redeemed in the event requiring this determination at the Conversion Rate then in
effect (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein)) are duly authorized and listed and eligible for trading without restriction on an Eligible Market.

29.35Equity Conditions Failure means that, on any day during the period commencing ten (10) calendar days prior to the applicable Company Optional Redemption Notice Date through the applicable
Company Optional Redemption Date, the Equity Conditions have not been satisfied (or waived in writing by the Holder).

29.36 Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section

4.1.

29.37 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

29.38Exchange Cap the maximum number of shares of Common Stock which the Company may issue upon conversion of the Notes without breaching the Companys obligations under the rules and
regulations of the Principal Market as set forth in Nasdaq Rule 5635(b) (or such equivalent rule under another Eligible Market, if the Common Stock is re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on another Eligible Market).

29.39 Fundamental Transaction has the meaning specified in Section 5.1.

29.40 Group means a group as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and as
defined in Rule 13d-5 thereunder.

29.41Guarantors means each Person that is a party to the Guaranty and Security Agreement as a Guarantor thereunder, including each Person that becomes a Guarantor thereunder after the
Issuance Date.

29.42Guaranty and Security Agreement means that certain Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2020, by and among the Company, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto,
the Holder and each holder of Other Notes.

40

29.43 Holder has the meaning specified in the preamble to this Note.

29.44 Interest has the meaning specified in the preamble to this Note.

29.45 Interest Date has the meaning specified in Section

2.

29.46Interest Period means (a) initially, the period commencing on (and including) the date hereof and ending on (and including) December 31, 2023; provided, that, if such day is not a
Business Day, the applicable Interest Period shall end on the first Business Day immediately preceding such day, and (b) thereafter, the period beginning on (and including) the first day following the end of the preceding Interest Period and
ending on the earlier of (and including) (x) the last day of the calendar quarter following the calendar quarter in which the preceding Interest Period ended; provided, that, if any such last day is not a Business Day, the applicable Interest
Period shall end on the first Business Day immediately preceding such last day of such quarter, and (y) the Maturity Date.

29.47Interest Rate means, for any Interest Period, a rate per annum equal to the sum of (a) the Applicable Margin plus (b) Adjusted Three-Month Term SOFR for such Interest Period; provided,
that, (i) if the Holder determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that a SOFR Unavailability Period has commenced and is continuing, then at all times during such SOFR Unavailability Period, the Interest
Rate shall be a rate per annum equal to the sum of (A) the Applicable Margin plus (B) the most recent Adjusted Three-Month Term SOFR that was determined in accordance with the terms hereof, provided,
that, on any date when an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the Holder has delivered written notice to the Company of its election to invoke a default rate
of interest, the Interest Rate shall be the Interest Rate determined in accordance with the foregoing plus 4.00%. Notwithstanding the foregoing proviso, if the Event of Default is a Bankruptcy Event of
Default, the Holder shall not be required to deliver any notice to the Company to invoke a default rate of interest and such default rate of interest shall instead be deemed automatically invoked.

29.48 Issuance Date has the meaning specified in the preamble to this Note.

29.49 Madryn Bridge Loan Agreement has the meaning specified in Section 4.1(c).

29.50 Maturity Date means December 9, 2026.

29.51 Minimum Liquidity Requirement has the meaning specified in Section 12.16.

29.52 MSPLP Facility means the Loan and Security Agreement to
be entered into between Venus Concept USA Inc., as borrower, the Company, as guarantor, and CNB, as agent and lender, together with any extension, renewal, refinancing or replacement thereof.

29.53 Note has the meaning specified in the preamble to this Note.

41

29.54 Other Notes has the meaning specified in the preamble to this Note.

29.55 Other Redemption Notice has the meaning specified in Section 10.2.

29.56Parent Entity of a Person means an entity that, directly or indirectly, controls the applicable Person and whose common stock or equivalent equity security is quoted or listed on an
Eligible Market, or, if there is more than one such Person or Parent Entity, the Person or Parent Entity with the largest public market capitalization as of the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction.

29.57Permitted Holders means, without duplication, (a) SEDCO Capital Global Funds - SC Private Equity Global Fund IV, SEDCO Capital Cayman Ltd., Longitude Venture Partner II L.P., EW
Healthcare Partners, L.P., EW Healthcare Partners- A, L.P., Healthquest Partners, L.P., Healthquest Partners II, L.P., Madryn Health Partners, LP, Madryn Health Partners (Cayman Master), LP, and any Controlled Investment Affiliate of any of the foregoing Persons, (b) Domenic Serafino and his Permitted Transferees and (c) Senior Management Persons of the Company and Board Members of the Company, in each case, for so long as such Persons are actively
employed by the Company in such capacity or serve in such capacity, as the case may be.

29.58 Permitted Securities Transaction has the meaning specified in Section 3.2(a).

29.59 Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a
partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, a government or any department or agency thereof and any other legal entity.

29.60 Principal has the meaning specified in the preamble to this Note.

29.61 Principal Market means the NASDAQ Global Market.

29.62 Redemption Date means, as applicable, the Change of 
Control Redemption Date or Company Optional Redemption Date.

29.63 Redemption Notice means, as applicable, a Company 
Optional Redemption Notices and a Change of Control Redemption Notice.

29.64Redemption Premium Amount means, on any date of determination, with respect to any amount of outstanding Principal redeemed or required to be redeemed, an amount equal to the present
value as of such date of determination (as determined by the Holder or, if there are other holders whose Notes are also redeemed or required to be redeemed at the same time, as determined by the holders of Notes representing at least a majority
of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes being so redeemed or required to be redeemed, in each case, in accordance with customary practice), discounted at the Three-Month Treasury Rate, of the aggregate remaining Interest payment amounts
(at the non-default Interest Rate)on the amount of Principal redeemed or required to be redeemed.

42

29.65 Redemption Price means, as applicable, the Change of 
Control Redemption Price and the Company Optional Redemption Price.

29.66 Register has the meaning specified in Section

3.2(c).

29.67 Registered Notes has the meaning specified in Section

3.2(c).

29.68 Registrable Securities has the meaning specified in the
Securities Exchange Agreement.

29.69 Registration Statement has the meaning specified in the
Securities Exchange Agreement.

29.70 Related Accounts has the meaning specified in Section

12.16.

29.71Required Dispute Documentation has the meaning specified in Section21.1(b).

29.72Required Holders means the holders of Notes (including the Other Notes) representing at least a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes (including the Other Notes) then
outstanding.

29.73 Required Reserve Amount has the meaning specified in Section 9.1.

29.74 Rule 144 has the meaning specified in the Securities
Exchange Agreement.

29.75 SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission or the successor thereto.

29.76Securities Exchange Agreement means that certain Securities Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2020, among the Company, the guarantors identified therein
and the investors identified therein, pursuant to which the Company issued the Notes, as such agreement may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time.

29.77Senior Management Persons means the collective reference to Rajiv De Silva, Domenic Della Penna, Kirk Gunhus, Ross Portaro, Melissa Kang, Anna Georgiadis and Michael Mandarello and Senior Management Person means any one of them.

29.78 Share Delivery Deadline has the meaning specified in Section 3.2(a).

29.79 SOFR means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator).

29.80 SOFR Adjustment means 0.10% (10 basis points) per annum.

29.81 SOFR Successor Rate has the meaning set forth in Section 28.

43

29.82SOFR
Successor Rate Conforming Changes means, with respect to any proposed SOFR Successor Rate, any conforming changes to the definitions of Adjusted Three-Month Term SOFR, Interest Date, Interest Period, Interest Rate,
SOFR, SOFR Adjustment or Three-Month Term SOFR, the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other administrative matters as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Holder, to reflect the adoption
of such SOFR Successor Rate and to permit the administration thereof by the Holder in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Holder determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not
administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such SOFR Successor Rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Holder determines in consultation with the Company).

29.83SOFR
Unavailability Period means a period, commencing on the date on which the Holder shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the events set forth in clauses (a) or (b) below have occurred and are continuing through the date on which a SOFR Successor Rate is established
pursuant to Section 28:

(a)adequate and
reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining Three-Month Term SOFR, including, without limitation, because the Term SOFR Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary, or

(b)the CME (or any
successor administrator reasonably satisfactory to the Holder) has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which SOFR shall or will no longer be made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of
syndicated loans denominated in Dollars, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided, that, in each case, at the time of
such statement, there is no successor administrator that is reasonably satisfactory to the Holder that will continue to provide SOFR, or for any reason Three-Month Term SOFR does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to the Holder of
funding this Note.

29.84 Subsidiary has the meaning specified in the Securities
Exchange Agreement.

29.85Successor Entity means the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) formed by, resulting from or surviving any Fundamental Transaction or the Person (or, if so elected
by the Holder, the Parent Entity) with which such Fundamental Transaction shall have been entered into.

29.86Term SOFR Screen Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any successor administrator satisfactory to the Transfer Agent) and published on the applicable
Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Transfer Agent from time to time).

44

29.87Three-Month Term SOFR means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate per annum equal to the greater of (x) five percent (5.0%) per annum and (y) the three- month Term SOFR Screen
Rate two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period; provided, that, if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Three-Month Term SOFR means the three- month
Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto. The Holders determination of interest rates shall be determinative in the absence of manifest error.

29.88Three-Month Treasury Rate means, as of any date of determination, the weekly average yield as of such date of determination of actually traded United States Treasury securities adjusted
to a constant maturity of three (3) months (as compiled and published in the most recent Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15(519) that has become publicly available at least two (2) Business Days prior to such date of determination (or, if
such Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15(519) is no longer published, any publicly available source of similar market data)). For the avoidance of doubt, this calculation is based on yields on actively traded non-inflation-indexed issues
adjusted to constant maturities.

29.89 Trading Day has the meaning specified in the Securities
Exchange Agreement.

29.90 Transaction Documents has the meaning specified in the
Securities Exchange Agreement.

29.91 Transfer Agent has the meaning specified in Section

3.1.

29.92U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any Business Day, except any Business Day on which any of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the New York Stock
Exchange or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business because such day is a legal holiday under the federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of New York, as applicable.

[Signature Page Follows]

45

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed this Secured Subordinated Convertible Note as of the Issuance Date set out above.

VENUS CONCEPT INC.

By: /s/ Rajiv De Silva

Name: 

Rajiv De Silva

Accepted and Agreed: Title: 

Chief Executive Officer

MADRYN HEALTH PARTNERS, LP

By: MADRYN HEALTH ADVISORS, LP,

Its: General Partner

By: MADRYN HEALTH ADVISORS GP, LLC,

Its: General Partner

By: 

Name: 

Avinash Amin 

Title: Member 

[Madryn Health Partners, LP - Secured Subordinated Convertible Note of Venus Concept Inc.]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed this Secured Subordinated Convertible Note as of the Issuance Date set out above.

VENUS CONCEPT INC.

By: 

Name: Rajiv De Silva

Accepted and Agreed: Title: Chief Executive Officer

MADRYN HEALTH PARTNERS, LP

By: MADRYN HEALTH ADVISORS, LP,

Its: General Partner

By: MADRYN HEALTH ADVISORS GP, LLC,

Its: General Partner

By: /s/ Avinash Amin 

Name: 

Avinash Amin 

Title: Member 

[Madryn Health Partners, LP - Secured Subordinated Convertible Note of Venus Concept Inc.]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ef20046756_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

Execution Version

THESE SECURITIES AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR UNDER ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR
PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR BLUE SKY LAWS.

THIS INSTRUMENT IS SUBORDINATED TO ALL INDEBTEDNESS NOW OR HEREAFTER OWING BY THE MAKER TO CITY NATIONAL BANK OF FLORIDA, AS PROVIDED IN THOSE CERTAIN SUBORDINATION OF DEBT AGREEMENTS DATED ON OR ABOUT DECEMBER 9,
2020 AND OCTOBER 4, 2023.

THIS INSTRUMENT IS SUBJECT TO THE RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER SET FORTH IN SECURITIES EXCHANGE AND REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT DATED AS OF DECEMBER 8, 2020, A COPY OF WHICH IS ON FILE WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE
COMPANY.

VENUS CONCEPT INC.

SECURED SUBORDINATED CONVERTIBLE NOTE

Certificate No.: 2

Issuance Date: March 31, 2025 

Original Principal Amount: U.S.$10,719,957.22

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, Venus Concept Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
hereby promises to pay to Madryn Health Partners (Cayman Master), LP or registered permitted assigns (the Holder) in cash the amount set out above as the Original Principal Amount (as reduced pursuant to the terms hereof pursuant to
redemption, conversion or otherwise, the Principal) when due, whether upon the Maturity Date, acceleration, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof) and to pay interest (Interest) on any
outstanding Principal at the applicable Interest Rate from the date set out above as the Issuance Date (the Issuance Date) until the same becomes due and payable, whether upon an Interest Date, the Maturity Date, acceleration,
conversion, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof). This Secured Subordinated Convertible Note (including all Secured Subordinated Convertible Notes issued in exchange, transfer or replacement hereof, this Note)

is one of a series of Secured Subordinated Convertible Notes issued pursuant to the Securities Exchange Agreement (as defined herein) and exchanged pursuant to that certain Exchange Agreement dated as of the Issuance Date by and among Holder,
Madryn Health Partners, LP and the Company (collectively, the Notes and such other Secured Subordinated Convertible Notes, the Other Notes). Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in Section 29.

1. Payments of Principal. On the Maturity Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash equal to (a) all outstanding Principal as of such date, plus (b) all accrued
and unpaid Interest thereon as of such date. Other than as specifically permitted by this Note, the Company may not prepay any portion of the outstanding Principal or accrued and unpaid Interest. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
with respect to any repayment, conversion or redemption hereunder, as applicable, the Company shall repay, convert or redeem, as applicable, (i) first, all accrued and unpaid Interest hereunder and under any other Notes held by such Holder, (ii)
second, all other amounts (other than Principal, but including any Redemption Premium Amount) outstanding hereunder and under any other Notes held by such Holder, and (iii) third, all Principal outstanding hereunder and under any other Notes held
by such Holder, in each case, allocated pro rata among this Note and such other Notes held by such Holder. 

2. Interest. Interest on this Note shall commence accruing on the Issuance Date at the Interest Rate and shall be computed on the basis of a 360 -day year and the actual number of
days elapsed per month and shall be payable in kind by capitalizing such Interest and adding it to the Principal balance of this Note on the last Business Day of each Calendar Quarter after the Issuance Date (each, an Interest Date).
Interest shall be payable in kind on each Interest Date, to the record holder of this Note on the applicable Interest Date, and in cash in full on the Maturity Date by wire transfer of immediately available funds pursuant to wire instructions
provided by the Holder in writing to the Company. If any portion of this Note is repaid or redeemed pursuant to Sections 4.2, 4.3, 5.2 and 7 or converted pursuant to Section 3 prior to the Maturity Date and
prior to the payment of Interest on an Interest Date, Interest on such portion of this Note shall accrue at the Interest Rate and be payable in cash on each Redemption Date, on each Conversion Date and/or in connection with any required payment
upon any Event of Default, as applicable; provided, that, in connection with a conversion, such Interest accrued and unpaid interest may, at the option of the Company, be converted into shares of Common Stock on the same terms as
the Principal being converted on such Conversion Date, in lieu of payment in cash. Interest shall continue to accrue on any portion of this Note to the extent not so repaid, redeemed or converted.

3. Conversion of Notes. At any time after the Issuance Date, this Note shall be convertible into validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, on the terms
and conditions set forth in this Section 3.

3.1 Conversion Right. Subject to the provisions of Section 3.3, at any time or times on or after the Issuance Date, the Holder shall be entitled to
convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Principal into fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock in accordance with Section 3.2, at the Conversion Rate. The Company shall not issue any fraction of a share of Common
Stock upon any such conversion. If the issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, the Company shall round such fraction of a share of Common Stock up to the nearest whole share. The Company shall pay any and
all transfer, stamp and similar taxes, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the transfer agent of the Company (the Transfer Agent)) that may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of
Common Stock upon conversion of any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Principal.

2

3.2 Mechanics of Conversion.

(a) Optional Conversion.

(i) To convert any portion of the outstanding Principal into shares of Common Stock on any date (a Conversion Date), the Holder shall deliver (whether via
facsimile, electronic mail or otherwise), for receipt on or prior to 11:59 p.m., New York time, on such date, a copy of an executed notice of conversion in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I (the Conversion Notice) to the
Company. If required by Section 3.2(c), within two (2) Trading Days following a conversion of this Note as aforesaid, the Holder shall surrender this Note to a nationally recognized overnight delivery service for delivery to the Company
(or an indemnification undertaking with respect to this Note in the case of its loss, theft or destruction as contemplated by Section 16.2).

(ii) On or before the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of receipt of a Conversion Notice, the Company shall transmit by facsimile, electronic mail or
otherwise the Transfer Agent instructions and representation as to whether such shares of Common Stock may then be resold pursuant to (A) an effective and available registration statement, either, (1) prior to, (2) contemporaneously with, or (3)
within thirty (30) days after, as applicable, the date of the applicable Conversion Notice by the Holder, (B) Rule 144, unless the Holder affirmatively indicates on the applicable Conversion Notice that the shares of Common Stock issuable in
connection with such Conversion Notice are not being resold either (1) prior to, (2) contemporaneously with, or (3) within thirty (30) days after, as applicable, the date of the applicable Conversion Notice by the Holder, provided that the Holder
shall provide the Company with customary representations with respect to compliance by the Holder with Rule 144, or (C) Rule 144 without having to comply with the information requirements under Rule 144(c)(1) (each, a Permitted SecuritiesTransaction),

substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit II, to the Holder and the Transfer Agent which shall instruct the Transfer Agent to process such Conversion Notice in accordance with the terms herein.

(iii) On or before the third (3rd) Trading Day following the date on which the Company has received a Conversion Notice (the ShareDelivery Deadline),

the Company shall (A) provided, that, the Transfer Agent is participating in The Depository Trust Companys (DTC) Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, with respect to the shares of Common Stock included in the
Conversion Notice that may then be resold by the Holder pursuant to a Permitted Securities Transaction, credit such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled pursuant to such conversion to the Holders or
its designees balance account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian system or (B) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program or with respect to the shares of Common Stock
included in the Conversion Notice that may not then be resold by the Holder pursuant to a Permitted Securities Transaction, deliver a certificate, registered in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to
which the Holder shall be entitled pursuant to such conversion.

3

(iv) If this Note is physically surrendered for conversion pursuant to Section 3.2(c) and the outstanding Principal of this Note is greater than the portion of
the Principal being converted, then the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of this Note and at its own expense, issue and deliver to the Holder (or its designee) a new Note (in
accordance with Section 16.4) representing the outstanding Principal not so converted.

(v) The Person or Persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon a conversion of this Note shall be treated for all purposes as the record
holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on the Conversion Date.

(b) [Reserved].

(c) Registration;Book-Entry. The Company shall maintain a register (the Register) for the recordation of the names and addresses of the
holders of each Note and the principal amount of the Notes held by such holders (the Registered Notes). The entries in the Register shall be presumed correct absent reasonable evidence to the contrary provided by the holders of the
Notes. The Company and the holders of the Notes shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of a Note for all purposes (including, without limitation, the right to receive payments of Principal and Interest
hereunder) notwithstanding notice to the contrary. Unless the Assignment Conditions (as defined in the Securities Exchange Agreement) and the other terms of Section 9.8 of the Securities Exchange Agreement havebeen satisfied, the Registered Note
may not be assigned, transferred or sold in whole or in part other than to an Affiliate of Holder and may be assigned, transferred or sold only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register. Upon satisfaction of the Assignment
Conditions and the other terms of Section 9.8 of the Securities Exchange Agreement, the Company shall record the information relating to such assignment in the Register and issue one or more new Registered Notes in the same aggregate principal
amount as the principal amount of the surrendered Registered Note to the designated assignee or transferee pursuant to Section 16, provided, that, if the Company does not so record an assignment, transfer or sale (as the
case may be) of all or part of any Registered Note within two (2) Business Days of such a request, then the Register shall be automatically deemed updated to reflect such assignment, transfer or sale (as the case may be). Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary set forth in this Section 3, following conversion of any portion of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Company unless (i) the full
outstanding Principal represented by this Note is being converted (in which event this Note shall be delivered to the Company following conversion thereof as contemplated by Section 3.2(a)) or (ii) the Holder has provided the Company with
prior written notice (which notice may be included in a Conversion Notice) requesting reissuance of this Note upon physical surrender of this Note. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the Principal and Interest converted
and/or paid (as the case may be) and the dates of such conversions and/or payments (as the case may be) or shall use such other methods as are reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Company, so as not to require physical surrender of this
Note upon conversion. If the Company does not update the Register to record such Principal and Interest converted and/or paid (as the case may be) and the dates of such conversions, and/or payments (as the case may be) within two (2) Business
Days of such occurrence, then the Register shall be automatically deemed updated to reflect such occurrence.

4

(d) Pro Rata Conversion; Disputes. In the event that the Company receives a Conversion Notice from more than one holder of Notes for the same Conversion Date
and the Company can convert some, but not all, of such portions of the Notes submitted for conversion, the Company, subject to Section 3.3, shall convert from each holder of Notes electing to have Notes converted on such Conversion Date a
pro rata amount of such holders portion of its Notes submitted for conversion based on the principal amount of Notes submitted for conversion on such Conversion Date by such holder relative to the aggregate principal amount of all Notes
submitted for conversion on such Conversion Date. In the event of a dispute as to the number of shares of Common Stock issuable to the Holder in connection with a conversion of this Note, the Company shall issue to the Holder the number of shares
of Common Stock not in dispute and resolve such dispute in accordance with Section 21.

3.3 Exchange Cap. So long as the rules of the Principal Market (or another Eligible Market, if Common Stock is re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on another
Eligible Market) so require, the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under this Note and all outstanding Other Notes shall be limited to the Exchange Cap, unless stockholder approval is obtained prior to the issuance to
issue more than the Exchange Cap. The Exchange Cap shall be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction in accordancewith the rules of the
Principal Market or another Eligible Market. If the Exchange Cap is reached upon conversion of this Note and all outstanding Other Notes, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to file a proxy statement with the SEC seeking
stockholder approval, within seventy-five (75) calendar days after the date on which the Exchange Cap is reached, from at least a majority of the Companys stockholders, for the Companys issuance of all of the remaining shares of Common Stock
underlying this Note and all outstanding Other Notes. Should the stockholders of the Company vote to reject such additional issuance, the Company shall not be required to seek another stockholder approval under this Section 3.3.

3.4 Net Share Settlement.

(a) Notwithstanding Section 3.2 above, in the case of conversion of this Note on the Maturity Date, any Redemption Date or any date of any required payment
upon any Event of Default, as applicable, on which the entire outstanding Principal of this Note is to be repaid, redeemed or prepaid in full, the Company shall, at the option of the Holder, satisfy its obligation to issue and deliver shares of
Common Stock by paying and delivering to the Holder, a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock (the Net Share Settlement), as set forth in this Section 3.4.

5

(b) If the Holder elects the Net Share Settlement in a Conversion Notice, the Company shall pay and deliver the Net Share Settlement Amount in accordance with Sections

1, 2 and 3, as applicable.

The Net Share Settlement Amount will consist of (i) cash equal to the Principal of this Note outstanding immediately prior to the Maturity Date, the applicable
Redemption Date or the applicable date of any required payment upon any Event of Default, plus all accrued but unpaid Interest and, if any, Redemption Premium Amount thereon and (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Net Share
Amount.

The Net Share Amount means the number of shares of Common Stock calculated by the following formula:

Net Share Amount 

= 

P 

- 

P 

CP 

MP

Where:

P 

= 

the Principal of this Note to be redeemed on the Maturity Date, the applicable Redemption Date or the applicable date of any required payment upon any Event of Default, as the case may be.

CP 

= 

the Conversion Price in effect as of the date of the Conversion Notice.

MP 

= 

the Closing Sale Price per share of the Common Stock on the date of the Conversion Notice or, if such Closing Sale Price is not yet available as of the date of the Conversion Notice, the Closing Sale
Price per share

of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the Conversion Notice.

4. Events of Default; Rights Upon an Event of Default.

4.1 Event of Default. Each of the following events shall constitute an Eventof Default and each of the events in clauses (d) and (e)
below shall constitute a Bankruptcy Event of Default:

(a) the Companys failure to cure a Conversion Failure by delivery of the required number of shares of Common Stock within ten (10) Trading Days after the applicable
Conversion Date;

6

(b) the Companys or any Guarantors failure to pay to the Holder (i) any amount of Principal when due under this Note, or (ii) any amount of Interest or other
amounts due under this Note (including, without limitation, the Companys or any Guarantors failure to pay any redemption payments or amounts hereunder) or any other Transaction Document or any other agreement, document, certificate or other
instrument delivered to Holder in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, within three (3) Trading Days after such amounts were due;

(c) (i) The occurrence of any default, event of default, or similar term under (A) the MSPLP Facility; or (B) that certain Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of
April 23, 2024 (the Madryn Bridge Loan Agreement), by and among Venus USA, the Company, Venus Canada, Venus Israel, Madryn and Madryn Cayman, as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time; or (ii) non- compliance by the
Company with Section 4.15 (Shareholder Approval) of that certain Exchange Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2024, by and among the Company, Venus USA, Madryn and Madryn Cayman, as amended, restated or
otherwise modified from time to time; in each case after the expiration of all applicable notice, grace and cure periods;

(d) any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law (as defined in the Guaranty and
Security Agreement), or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or makes a proposal to its creditors or files notice of its intention to do so, institutes any other proceeding under applicable law seeking to adjudicate it as bankrupt or
insolvent, or seeking liquidation, dissolution, winding-up, reorganization, compromise, arrangement, adjustment, protection, moratorium, relief, stay of proceedings of creditors, composition of it or its debts or any other similar relief; or
applies for or consents to the appointment (including any provisional appointment) of any receiver, receiver-manager, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its
property; or any receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager, receiver-manager, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of such Person
and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for sixty (60) calendar days or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such
Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for sixty (60) calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding; or with regard to an Israeli Guarantor (as defined in the Securities and Exchange Agreement), the occurrence at
any time with respect to it of a winding-up, bankruptcy, dissolution or administration;

(e) the entry against the Company or any Guarantor of one or more final judgments or orders for the payment of money in an aggregate amount exceeding $500,000 (to the extent not covered
by independent third-party insurance and/or third party indemnity rights as to which the applicable insurer or indemnitor does not dispute coverage in writing) and such judgment or order remains unpaid for a period of thirty (30) consecutive
days;

7

(f) any default by the Company in the due performance and observance of any of the covenants or agreements contained in Section 12;

(g) any representation, warranty or other written statement of the Company set forth in any Transaction Document or any certification provided by the Company pursuant
to any Transaction Document is incorrect or misleading in any material respect when given;

(h) other than as specifically set forth in another clause of this Section4.1, any default by any Obligor in the due performance and observance of any
of the covenants or agreements of any Transaction Document, except, in the case of a breach of a covenant that is curable, only if such breach remains uncured for a period of thirty (30) days following the earlier of the date on which (i) a
Responsible Officer (as defined in the Securities Exchange Agreement) of any Obligor becomes aware of such failure and (ii) notice thereof shall have been given to the Obligors by the Holder;

(i) any material provision of any Transaction Document shall at any time for any reason (other than pursuant to the express terms thereof) cease to be valid and
binding on or enforceable against the Obligors party thereto in any material respect, or the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested by any Obligor party thereto (other than with respect to indemnification or contribution provisions
which may be unenforceable), or a proceeding shall be commenced by the Company or any Guarantor or any governmental authority having jurisdiction over any of them, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or the Company or
any Guarantor shall deny in writing that it has any liability or obligation purported to be created under any Transaction Document;

(j) shares of Common Stock shall cease to be quoted on the Principal Market for any reason and are not thereafter re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on another
Eligible Market within fifteen (15) Trading Days;

(k) the Company shall fail to comply in any material respect with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act (including but not limited to becoming delinquent in
its filings beyond any available extension); or

(l) any Event of Default (as defined in the Other Notes) occurs with respect to any Other Notes.

8

4.2 Remedies Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Holder may (a) declare the outstanding Principal of this Note, all
Interest accrued and unpaid on the outstanding Principal of this Note and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Transaction Document, to be immediately due and payable (and upon any such declaration the same shall become
and shall be immediately due and payable), without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Company and (b) exercise all rights and remedies available to it under the Transaction
Documents. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.2, but subject to Section 3.3, the Holder may, in its sole discretion, determine to accept payment on the Principal part in shares of the Common Stock,
converted at the Conversion Price, and part in cash. Accrued but unpaid Interest on the Principal shall be paid to the Holder in cash. For the avoidance of doubt, it is understood and agreed that no Redemption Premium Amount shall be due or
payable upon acceleration of this Note.

4.3 Mandatory Redemption upon Bankruptcy Event of Default. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, and notwithstanding any conversion that is then
required or in process, upon any Bankruptcy Event of Default, whether occurring prior to or following the Maturity Date, the Company shall immediately pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing all outstanding Principal, in addition to all
accrued and unpaid Interest and any and all other amounts due hereunder, without the requirement for any notice or demand or other action by the Holder or any other person or entity; provided, that, the Holder may, in its sole
discretion, waive such right to receive payment upon a Bankruptcy Event of Default, in whole or in part, and any such waiver shall not affect any other rights of the Holder hereunder, including any other rights in respect of such Bankruptcy Event
of Default, any right to conversion, and any right to payment under Section 4.2 or of any Redemption Price, as applicable.

5. Fundamental Transactions; Change of Control.

5.1 Fundamental Transactions.

9

(a) If, at any time while this Note is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions, effects any merger or consolidation of
the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person other than one of the Companys subsidiaries in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or
another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares f or other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions, effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than changes resulting from a subdivision or
combination thereof) or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions, consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person
acquires more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or
party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent conversion of this Note, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each share of Common
Stock that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 3.3 on the conversion of this Note), the number of shares of Common
Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of
the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Note is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 3.3 on the conversion of this Note). For purposes of any such
conversion, the determination of the Conversion Rate shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one (1) share of Common Stock in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Conversion Rate among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are
given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any conversion of this Note following such
Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause the Successor Entity to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Note, the other Transaction Documents, and any document ancillary hereto or thereto, pursuant to written
agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required Holders and approved by such Holders (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder of this Note, deliver to the
Holder in exchange for this Note a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Note which is convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such
Successor Entity (or its Parent Entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Note) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and
with a conversion rate which applies the Conversion Rate hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of
capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such conversion rate being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Note immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. At and after the effective time of such Fundamental Transaction, (A) the Holder shall continue to have the right to determine the form of consideration to be paid or delivered in accordance with
Section 3.4, (B)(1) any amount payable in cash upon conversion of this Note in accordance with Section 3 shall continue to be payable in cash, (2) any shares of Common Stock that the Company would have been required to deliver upon
conversion of this Note in accordance with Section 3 shall instead be deliverable in the corresponding amount of Alternate Consideration that a holder of that number of shares of Common Stock would have received in such Fundamental
Transaction and (3) the Closing Sale Price for the purposes Section 3.4 shall be calculated based on the value of such Alternate Consideration; providedthat, if shares of capital stock of the relevant Successor Entity (or
its Parent Entity) are not then traded on any securities exchange or trading market, the Closing Sale Price for the purposes Section 3.4 shall be deemed to be the greater of the per share price of the capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its Parent Entity) (I) as determined at the time of such Fundamental Transaction and (II) as determined by the latest transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which such Successor Entity (or its Parent Entity) issues
and sells shares of its capital stock (including securities convertible or exchangeable into shares of such capital stock) with the principal purpose of raising capital. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor
Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Note and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor
Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Note and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the
Company herein.

10

(b) Waiver. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holder may elect, at its sole option, by delivery of written notice to the Company to waive this Section 5.1
to permit the Fundamental Transaction without the assumption of this Note and the other Transaction Documents.

(c) Applicability. The provisions of this Section 5.1 shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental Transactions and shall be applied
without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Note.

5.2 Notice of a Change of Control; Redemption Right. Subject to prior public disclosure by the Company, not later than fifteen (15) calendar days, prior to the
consummation of a Change of Control, the Company shall deliver written notice thereof via facsimile or electronic mail and overnight courier to the Holder (a Change of ControlNotice). At any time during the period beginning after
the Companys delivery of a Change of Control Notice, or the Holder becoming aware of a Change of Control if a Change of Control Notice is not delivered to the Holder in accordancewith the immediately preceding sentence (as applicable), and
ending on the later of fifteen (15) calendar days after (a) the date on which the Company delivers such Change of Control Notice or (b) only if a Change of Control Notice is not delivered to the Holder in accordance with the immediately preceding
sentence, the Holder becoming aware of the consummation of such Change of Control, the Holder may require the Company to redeem all or any portion of this Note by delivering written notice thereof (Change of Control Redemption Notice) to
the Company, which Change of Control Redemption Notice shall indicate the portion of the Principal the Holder is electing to redeem. The portion of the Principal of this Note subject to redemption pursuant to this Section 5.2 shall be
redeemed by the Company at par (the Change of Control Redemption Price), plus all accrued but unpaid Interest on such portion of the Principal being redeemed. Redemptions required by this Section 5.2 shall be made in accordance
with the provisions of Section 10 and shall have priority to payments to stockholders in connection with such Change of Control. To the extent redemptions required by this Section 5.2 are deemed or determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction to be prepayments of this Note by the Company, such redemptions shall be deemed to be voluntary prepayments, but will not, in any event, be subject to the payment of any Redemption Premium Amount. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Section 5.2, but subject to Section 3.3, until the Change of Control Redemption Price (together with all accrued but unpaid Interest on the Principal to be redeemed) is repaid in full, the portion of the
Principal submitted for redemption under this Section 5.2 may be converted, in whole or in part, by the Holder into Common Stock pursuant to Section 3 (in which case such accrued but unpaid Interest on such Principal shall be paid
to the Holder in cash). In no event will any Redemption Premium Amount be required to be paid in connection with payment of the Change of Control Redemption Price or any accrued Interest therewith.

6. Adjustments to the Conversion Rate.

6.1 Adjustment of Conversion Rate upon Subdivision or Combination ofCommon Stock or Stock Dividend. If the Company issues solely shares of Common Stock
as a dividend or distribution on all or substantially all shares of the Common Stock, or if the Company effects a stock split or a stock combination of the Common Stock (in each case excluding an issuance solely pursuant to a Fundamental
Transaction, as to which the provisions set forth in Section 5.1 will apply), then the Conversion Rate will be adjusted based on the following formula:

CR1 

= 

CR0 

x 

OS1

OS0

Where:

CR0 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the open of business on the ex-dividend date for such dividend or distribution, or immediately before the open of business on the effective date of such
stock split or stock combination, as applicable.

CR1 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such ex-dividend date or the open of business on such effective date, as applicable.

OS0 

the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before the open of business on such ex-dividend date or effective date,

as applicable.

OS1 

the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such dividend, distribution, stock split or stock combination.

11

For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the definition of CR1 above in this Section6.1,
any adjustment to the Conversion Rate made pursuant to this Section 6.1 will become effective immediately after the open of business on such ex-dividend date or the open of business on such effective date, as applicable. If any dividend,
distribution, stock split or stock combination of the type described in this Section 6.1 is declared or announced, but not so paid or made, then the Conversion Rate, if previously adjusted, will be readjusted, effective as of the date the
Board of Directors of the Company determines not to pay such dividend or distribution or to effect such stock split or stock combination, to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had such dividend, distribution, stock split or stock
combination not been declared or announced.

6.2 Rights, Options and Warrants. If the Company distributes, to all or substantially all holders of Common Stock, rights, options or warrants entitling such
holders, for a period of not more than sixty (60) calendar days after the record date of such distribution, to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the Closing Sale Prices per
share of Common Stock for the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before the date such distribution is publicly announced, then the Conversion Rate will be decreased based on the following
formula:

CR1 

= 

CR0 

x 

OS + X 

OS + Y

CR0 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the open of business on the ex-dividend date for such distribution.

CR1 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such ex-dividend date.

OS 

the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before the open of business on such ex-dividend date.

X 

the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to such rights, options or warrants.

Y 

= 

a number of shares of Common Stock obtained by dividing (i) the aggregate price amount to exercise all such rights, options or warrants distributed by the Company by (ii) the average of the Closing Sale
Prices per share of Common Stock for the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before the date such distribution is announced.

12

For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment to the Conversion Rate made pursuant to this Section 6.2 will be made successively whenever any such rights, options or
warrants are issued and, pursuant to the definition of CR1 above in this Section 6.2, will become effective immediately after the open of business on the
ex-dividend date for the applicable distribution. To the extent that shares of Common Stock are not delivered after the expiration of such rights, options or warrants (including as a result of such rights, options or warrants not being
exercised), the Conversion Rate, if previously adjusted, will be readjusted effective as of such expiration date to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the decrease to the Conversion Rate for such distribution been made on the
basis of delivery of only the number of shares of Common Stock actually delivered upon exercise of such rights, option or warrants. To the extent such rights, options or warrants are not so distributed, the Conversion Rate will be readjusted
effective as of the date the Board of Directors of the Company determines not to distribute such rights, options or warrants, to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the ex-dividend date for the distribution of such rights,
options or warrants not occurred. For purposes of this Section 6.2, in determining whether any rights, options or warrants entitle holders of Common Stock to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock at a price per share that is
less than the average of the Closing Sale Prices per share of Common Stock for the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before the date of the distribution of such rights, options or warrants is
announced, and in determining the aggregate price payable to exercise such rights, options or warrants, there will be taken into account any consideration the Company receives for such rights, options or warrants and any amount payable on
exercise thereof, with the value of such consideration, if not cash, to be determined by the Board of Directors of the Company.

6.3 Other In-Kind Distributions. If the Company distributes sharesof its capital stock, evidences of its indebtedness, other assets or property of the Company
or rights, options or warrants to acquire its capital stock or other securities, to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock, excluding:

(a) dividends, distributions or issuances as to which an adjustment was effected pursuant to Section 6.1 or Section 6.2

(b) rights issued under a stockholder rights plan (except as set forth in this Section 6.3)

(c) dividends or distributions paid exclusively in cash as to which an adjustment was effected pursuant to Section 6.4

(d) any dividends and distributions in connection with a Fundamental Transaction described in Section 5.1 and

(e) Spin-Offs as to which the provisions set forth in this Section 6.3 shall apply, (any of such shares of capital stock, evidences of indebtedness, assets, property, rights,
options or warrants to acquire capital stock or other securities of the Company, the Distributed Property), then the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula:

13

CR1 

= 

CR0 

x 

SP0

(SP0 FMV)

CR0 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the open of business on the ex-dividend date for such distribution.

CR1 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such ex-dividend date.

SP0 

= 

the average of the Closing Sale Prices per share of the Common Stock over the ten (10) consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the ex-dividend date
for such distribution.

FMV 

= 

the fair market value (as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company) of the Distributed Property so distributed with respect to each outstanding share of the Common Stock on the ex-dividend date

for such distribution.

Any increase made under the portion of this Section 6.3 above shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the ex-dividend date for such
distribution. If such distribution is not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased, effective as of the date the Companys Board of Directors determines not to pay or make such distribution, to be the Conversion Rate that would
then be in effect if such distribution had not been declared. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if FMV (as defined above) is equal to or greater than SP0 (as defined
above), in lieu of the foregoing increase, the Holder shall receive, in respect of each $1,000 principal amount thereof, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock receive the Distributed Property, the amount and kind
of Distributed Property that such Holder would have received if such Holder owned a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the ex-dividend date for the distribution.

With respect to an adjustment pursuant to this Section 6.3 where there has been a payment of a dividend or other distribution on the Common Stock of shares of capital
stock of any class or series, or similar equity interest, of or relating to a Subsidiary or other business unit of the Company, that are, or, when issued, will be, listed or admitted for trading on a U.S. national securities exchange (a Spin-Off),

the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula:

CR1 

= 

CR0 

x 

(FMV0+MP0)

MP0

14

CR0 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the open of business on the ex-dividend date for such dividend or distribution.

CR1 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such ex-dividend date.

FMV0 

= 

the average of the Closing Sale Prices per share of the capital stock or similar equity interest distributed to holders of the Common Stock applicable to one share of the Common Stock over the first ten
(10) consecutive Trading Day period after, and including, the ex-dividend date of the Spin-Off (the Valuation Period).

MP0 

= 

the average of the Closing Sale Prices per share of the Common Stock over the Valuation Period.

The increase to the Conversion Rate under the preceding paragraph shall occur at the close of business on the last Trading Day of the Valuation Period provided, that,
if the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the Valuation Period, the references to 10 in the preceding paragraph shall be deemed to be replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed between the ex-dividend date of such
Spin-Off and the Conversion Date in determining the Conversion Rate. If such Spin-Off does not occur, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased, effective as of the date the Companys Board of Directors determines not to consummate such Spin-Off, to
be the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such distribution had not been declared, effective as of the date on which the Companys Board of Directors (or its designee) determines not to consummate such Spin- Off.

For purposes of this Section 6.3, rights, options or warrants distributed by the Company to all holders of the Common Stock entitling them to subscribe for or purchase
shares of the Companys capital stock, including Common Stock (either initially or under certain circumstances), which rights, options or warrants, until the occurrenceof a specified event or events (Trigger Event):

(i) are deemed to be transferred with such shares of the Common Stock

(ii) are not exercisable and

(iii) are also issued in respect of future issuances of the Common Stock, shall be deemed not to have been distributed for purposes of this Section 6.3 (and
no adjustment to the Conversion Rate under this Section 6.3 will be required) until the occurrence of the earliest Trigger Event, whereupon such rights, options or warrants shall be deemed to have been distributed and an appropriate
adjustment (if any is required) to the Conversion Rate shall be made under this Section 6.3. If any such right, option or warrant, including any such existing rights, options or warrants distributed prior to the date of this Note, are
subject to events, upon the occurrence of which such rights, options or warrants become exercisable to purchase different securities, evidences of indebtedness or other assets, then the date of the occurrence of any and each such event shall be
deemed to be the date of distribution and ex-dividend date with respect to new rights, options or warrants with such rights (in which case the existing rights, options or warrants shall be deemed to terminate and expire on such date without
exercise by any of the holders thereof).

15

In addition, in the event of any distribution (or deemed distribution) of rights, options or warrants, or any Trigger Event or other event (of the type described in the
immediately preceding sentence) with respect thereto that was counted for purposes of calculating a distribution amount for which an adjustment to the Conversion Rate under this Section 6.3 was made:

(A) in the case of any such rights, options or warrants that shall all have been redeemed or purchased without exercise by any holders thereof, upon such final redemption or purchase, (1)
the Conversion Rate shall be readjusted as if such rights, options or warrants had not been issued and (2) the Conversion Rate shall then again be readjusted to give effect to such distribution, deemed distribution or Trigger Event, as the case
may be, as though it were a cash distribution, equal to the per share redemption or purchase price received by a holder or holders of Common Stock with respect to such rights, options or warrants (assuming such holder had retained such rights,
options or warrants), made to all holders of Common Stock as of the date of such redemption or purchase, and

(B) in the case of such rights, options or warrants that shall have expired or been terminated without exercise by any holders thereof, the Conversion Rate shall be readjusted as if such
rights, options and warrants had not been issued.

For purposes of Section 6.1, Section 6.2 and this Section 6.3, any dividend or distribution to which this Section 6.3 is applicable that also includes one or both of:

(I) a dividend or distribution of shares of Common Stock to which Section 6.1 is applicable (the Section 6.1 Distribution) or

(II) a dividend or distribution of rights, options or warrants to which Section 6.2 is applicable (the Section 6.2 Distribution),

then:

(x) such dividend or distribution, other than the Section 6.1 Distribution and the Section 6.2 Distribution, shall be deemed to be a dividend or distribution to which this Section 6.3
is applicable (the Section 6.3 Distribution) and any Conversion Rate adjustment required by this Section 6.3 with respect to such Section 6.3 Distribution shall then be made and

(y) the Section 6.1 Distribution and Section 6.2 Distribution shall be deemed to immediately follow the Section 6.3 Distribution and any Conversion Rate adjustment required by Section

6.1 and Section 6.2 with respect thereto shall then be made, except that, if determined by the Company (a) the ex-dividend date of the Section 6.1 Distribution and the Section 6.2 Distribution shall be deemed to be the ex-dividend
date of the Section 6.3 Distribution and (b) any shares of Common Stock included in the Section 6.1 Distribution or Section 6.2 Distribution shall be deemed not to be outstanding immediately before the open of business on such ex- dividend date
or effective date within the meaning of Section 6.1 or outstanding immediately before the open of business on such ex-dividend date within the meaning of Section 6.2.

16

6.4 Cash Dividends and Distributions. If any cash dividend or distribution is made to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock, the Conversion Rate
shall be adjusted based on the following formula:

CR1 

= 

CR0 

x 

SP0

SP0 C

CR0 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the open of business on the ex-dividend date for such dividend or distribution.

CR1 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such ex-dividend date.

SP0 

= 

the Closing Sale Price per share of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the ex-dividend date for such dividend or distribution.

C 

= 

the amount in cash per share the Company distributes to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock.

Any increase made pursuant to this Section 6.4 shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the ex-dividend date for such dividend or distribution.
If such dividend or distribution is not so paid, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased, effective as of the date the Board of Directors of the Company determines not to make or pay such dividend or distribution, to the Conversion Rate that would
then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if C (as defined above) is equal to or greater than SP0
(as defined above), in lieu of the foregoing increase, the Holder shall receive, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of shares of the Common Stock, the amount of cash that the Holder would have received if such Holder owned a
number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the ex-dividend date for such cash dividend or distribution.

6.5 Tender or Exchange Offers. If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries makes a payment in respect of a tender or exchange offer for the Common Stock (in each
case excluding a tender or exchange offer that constitutes a Fundamental Transaction, as to which the provisions set forth in Section 5.1 will apply), to the extent that the cash and value of any other consideration included in the
payment per share of the Common Stock exceeds the average of the Closing Sale Prices per share of the Common Stock over the ten (10) consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the last date on
which tenders or exchanges may be made pursuant to such tender or exchange offer (such date, the Expiration Date), the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula:

17

CR1 

= 

CR0 

x 

(AC + (SP1 x OS1))

(OS0 x SP1)

CR0 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the tenth (10th) Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the Expiration Date.

CR1 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the close of business on the tenth (10th) Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the Expiration Date.

AC 

= 

the aggregate value of all cash and any other consideration (as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company) paid or payable for shares of Common Stock purchased in such tender or exchange offer.

OS0 

= 

the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the time (the Expiration Time) such tender or exchange offer expires (prior to giving effect to the purchase of all shares of Common
Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer).

OS1 

= 

the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after the Expiration Time (after giving effect to the purchase of all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such
tender or exchange offer).

SP1 

= 

the average of the Closing Sale Prices per share of the Common Stock over the ten (10) consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the Expiration Date.

The increase to the Conversion Rate under this Section 6.5 shall occur at the close of business on the tenth (10th) Trading Day immediately following, and including,
the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires provided, that, if the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the ten (10) Trading Days immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next
succeeding the Expiration Date of any tender or exchange offer, references to 10 or 10th in the preceding paragraph shall be deemed to be replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed between such Expiration Date of such
tender or exchange offer and the Conversion Date in determining the Conversion Rate.

18

In the event that the Company or one of its Subsidiaries is obligated to purchase shares of Common Stock pursuant to any such tender offer or exchange offer, but the Company or
such Subsidiary is permanently prevented by applicable law from effecting any such purchases, or all such purchases are rescinded, then the Conversion Rate shall again be adjusted to be the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such
tender offer or exchange offer had not been made or had been made only in respect of the purchases that have been effected.

6.6 Voluntary Adjustment by Company. Subject to the Rules of the Principal Market or another Eligible Market, the Company may at any time during the term of this
Note, with the prior written consent of the Required Holders, increase the then current Conversion Rate to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors of the Company.

6.7 No Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section6, the Conversion Rate shall not be adjusted:

(a) upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any present or future plan providing for the reinvestment of dividends or interest payable on the
Companys securities and the investment of additional optional amounts in shares of Common Stock under any plan;

(b) upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock or options or rights to purchase those shares pursuant to any present or future employee, director or consultant
benefit plan or program of or assumed by the Company or any of the Companys Subsidiaries

(c) upon the issuance of any shares of the Common Stock pursuant to any option, warrant, right or exercisable, exchangeable or convertible security not described in Section

6.7(b) and outstanding as of the date the Notes were first issued;

(d) for ordinary course of business stock repurchases that are not tender offers referred to in Section 6.5, including structured or derivative transactions or
pursuant to a stock repurchase program approved by the Board of Directors of the Company;

(e) solely for a change in the par value of the Common Stock; or

(f) for accrued and unpaid interest, if any.

6.8 Calculations. All calculations and other determinations under this Section 6 shall be made by the Company and shall be made to the nearest one-ten
thousandth (1/10,000th) of a share. If an adjustment to the Conversion Rate otherwise required pursuant to Sections 6.1 through 6.5 would result in a change of less than 1.0% to the Conversion Rate, then, notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Company may, at its election, defer and carry forward such adjustment, except that all such deferred adjustments must be given effect immediately upon the earliest to occur of the following: (i) when all such deferred adjustments
would result in an aggregate change of at least 1.0% to the Conversion Rate; (ii) on the Conversion Date for this Note, and (iii) on the effective date of any Fundamental Transaction, in each case, unless the adjustment has already been made.

19

7. Redemptions at the Companys Option.

7.1 Company Optional Redemption.

(a) The Company shall have the right at any time to redeem all, but not less than all, of the Principal then outstanding under this Note (the CompanyOptional

Redemption Amount) on the Company Optional Redemption Date (a Company Optional Redemption). The portion of this Note subject to redemption pursuant to this Section 7.1 shall be redeemed by the Company in cash at (i) a
price equal to the sum of the Redemption Premium Amount as of the Company Optional Redemption Date and the outstanding Principal being redeemed as of the Company Optional Redemption Date (the Company Optional Redemption Price), plus (ii)
all accrued but unpaid Interest on such Principal to be redeemed.

(b) The Company may exercise its right to require redemption under this Section 7.1 by delivering a written notice thereof by facsimile or electronic mail and
overnight courier to all, but not less than all, of the holders of Notes (the Company Optional Redemption Notice and the date all of the holders of Notes received such notice is referred to as the Company Optional Redemption NoticeDate).

The Company may deliver only one Company Optional Redemption Notice hereunder and such Company Optional Redemption Notice shall be irrevocable; provided, that the Company Optional Redemption Notice may be conditioned upon the
effectiveness of any credit facility or capital raising, the consummation of a particular disposition or the occurrence of a change of control, as specified in the Company Optional Redemption Notice, in which case such Company Optional Redemption
Notice may be revoked by the Company (by notice to all the holders of Notes on or prior to the Company Optional Redemption Date) if such condition is not satisfied. The Company Optional Redemption Notice shall (i) state the date on which the
Company Optional Redemption shall occur (the Company Optional Redemption Date) which date shall (A) not be less than fifteen (15) calendar days nor more than twenty-five (25) calendar days following the Company Optional Redemption Notice
Date, or (B) if such Company Optional Redemption is conditioned upon the effectiveness of any credit facility or capital raising, the consummation of a particular disposition or the occurrence of a change of control, as specified in the Company
Optional Redemption Notice, not be less than fifteen (15) calendar days following the Company Optional Redemption Notice Date nor be a date that is later than the applicable closing date of the relevant transaction specified in the Company
Optional Redemption Notice and (ii) certify that there has been no Equity Conditions Failure.

20

(c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) if no Equity Conditions Failure has occurred as of the Company Optional Redemption Notice Date but an Equity
Conditions Failure occurs at any time prior to the Company Optional Redemption Date, (A) the Company shall provide the Holder a subsequent notice to that effect, and (B) unless the Holder waives the Equity Conditions Failure, the Company Optional
Redemption shall be cancelled and the applicable Company Optional Redemption Notice shall be null and void, and (ii) at any time prior to the date that is fifteen (15) calendar days following the Company Optional Redemption Notice Date, the
Company Optional Redemption Amount may be converted, in whole or in part, by the Holder into shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 3 (in which case all accrued but unpaid Interest and any Redemption Premium Amount payable on such
Principal shall be paid to the Holder in cash).

(d) Any portion of the Principal of the Note converted by the Holder after the Company Optional Redemption Notice
Date shall reduce the Company Optional Redemption Amount of this Note required to be redeemed on the Company Optional Redemption Date. Redemptions made pursuant to this Section 7.1 shall be made in accordance with Section 10.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Redemption Premium shall be disregarded for purposes of calculation of the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note.

(e) In the event of the Companys redemption of this Note under this Section 7.1, the Holders damages would be uncertain and difficult to estimate because
of the parties inability to predict future interest rates and the uncertainty of the availability of a suitable substitute investment opportunity for the Holder. Accordingly, any redemption premium amount due under this Section 7.1 is
intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed, a reasonable estimate of the Holders actual loss of its investment opportunity and not as a penalty. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company shall have the right to effect a Company Optional
Redemption if any Event of Default has occurred and continuing.

7.2 Pro Rata Redemption Requirement. If the Company elects to cause a Company Optional Redemption of this Note pursuant to Section 7.1, then it must
simultaneously take the same action with respect to all of the Other Notes.

8. Noncircumvention. The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other governing
document or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the
terms of this Note, and will at all times in good faith carry out all of the provisions of this Note. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing or any other provision of this Note or the other Transaction Documents, the Company (a) shall
not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon conversion of this Note above the Conversion Price then in effect, (b) shall not modify the voting rights attached to Common Stock and (c) shall take all such actions as may
be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of this Note.

9. Reservation of Authorized Shares.

21

9.1 Reservation. The Company shall initially reserve out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock a number of shares of Common Stock for each of
this Note and the Other Notes equal to 100% of the Conversion Rate with respect to the principal amount of each such Note as of the Issuance Date. So long as any of this Note and the Other Notes are outstanding, the Company shall take all action
necessary to reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of this Note and the Other Notes, the number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be
necessary to effect the conversion of all of the Notes then outstanding; provided, that, at no time shall the number of shares of Common Stock so reserved be less than the number of shares required to be reserved pursuant hereto
(in each case, without regard to any limitations on conversions) (the Required Reserve Amount). The initial number of shares of Common Stock reserved for conversions of this Note and the Other Notes and each increase in the number of
shares so reserved shall be allocated pro rata among the Holder and the holders of the Other Notes based on the Principal amount of this Note and the Other Notes held by each holder at the Closing (as defined in the Securities Exchange Agreement)
or at the time of the increase in the number of reserved shares, as the case may be (the Authorized Share Allocation). In the event that a holder shall sell or otherwise transfer this Note, or a portion thereof, or any of such holders
Other Notes, each transferee shall be allocated a pro rata portion of such holders Authorized Share Allocation.

9.2 Insufficient Authorized Shares. If at any time while any of the Notes remain outstanding the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized and
unreserved shares of Common Stock to satisfy its obligation to have reserved for issuance upon conversion of the outstanding Notes at least a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Required Reserve Amount (an Authorized Share Failure),

then the Company shall promptly take all action necessary to increase the Companys authorized shares of Common Stock to an amount sufficient to allow the Company to reserve the Required Reserve Amount for the Notes then outstanding. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, as soon as practicable after the date of the occurrence of an Authorized Share Failure, but in no event later than sixty (60) days after the occurrence of such Authorized Share Failure, the
Company shall either (i) obtain the written consent of its stockholders for the approval of an increasein the number of authorized shares of Common Stock or (ii) file with the SEC a proxy statement for a meeting of its stockholders at which
meeting the Company will seek the approval of its stockholders for an increase in the number of authorized shares of Common Stock. In connection with such meeting, the Company shall provide each stockholder with a proxy statement and shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to solicit its stockholders approval of such increase in authorized shares of Common Stock and to cause its Board of Directors to recommend to the stockholders that they approvesuch proposal. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if during any such time of an Authorized Share Failure, the Company is able to obtain the written consent of a majority of the shares of its issued and outstanding Common Stock to approve the increase in the number of authorized shares
of Common Stock, the Company may satisfy this obligation by obtaining such consent and submitting for filing with the SEC an Information Statement on Schedule 14C.

10. Redemptions.

22

10.1 Mechanics.

(a) If the Holder has submitted a Change of Control Redemption Notice in accordance with Section 5.2, the Company shall deliver the applicable Change of Control
Redemption Price (together with all accrued but unpaid Interest on the Principal to be redeemed) to the Holder in cash concurrently with the consummation of such Change of Control if such notice is received prior to the consummation of such
Change of Control and within five (5) Business Days after the Companys receipt of such notice otherwise (each, a Change of ControlRedemption Date).

(b) In the event of a Company Optional Redemption, the Company shall deliver the applicable Company Optional Redemption Price (together with all accrued but unpaid
Interest) to the Holder in cash or shares of Common Stock as determined in Section 3.4 hereof on the applicable Company Optional Redemption Date.

(c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in connection with any redemption under this Section 10 at a time the Holder is entitled to receive a cash
payment under any of the other Transaction Documents, at the option of the Holder delivered in writing to the Company, the applicable Redemption Price hereunder shall be increased by the amount of such cash payment owed to the Holder under such
other Transaction Document and, upon payment in full in accordance herewith, shall satisfy the Companys payment obligation under such other Transaction Document.

(d) In the event of a redemption of less than all of the Principal of this Note, the Company shall promptly cause to be issued and delivered to the Holder a new Note
(in accordance with Section 16.4) representing the outstanding Principal which has not been redeemed.

(e) In the event that the Company does not pay the applicable Redemption Price to the Holder within the time period required, at any time thereafter and until the
Company pays such unpaid Redemption Price in full, the Holder shall have the option, in lieu of redemption, to require the Company to promptly return to the Holder all or any portion of this Note representing the Principal that was submitted for
redemption and for which the applicable Redemption Price (together with any Interest thereon) has not been paid. Upon the Companys receipt of such notice, (i) the applicable Redemption Notice shall be null and void with respect to such
Principal, and (ii) the Company shall immediately return this Note, or issue a new Note (in accordance with Section 16.4), to the Holder; provided, that, notwithstanding the applicable Redemption Notice being deemed null
and void and such return or issuance of this Note or a new Note in accordance with the foregoing, a continual Event of Default shall thereafter be deemed to have occurred and be continuing until the subsequent repayment or conversion of this Note
in full.

23

10.2 Redemption by Other Holders. Upon the Companys receipt of notice from any of the holders of the Other Notes (other than any such holder which is an
Affiliate of the Holder) for redemption or repayment as a result of an event or occurrence substantially similar to the events or occurrences described Section 5.2 (each, an Other RedemptionNotice), the Company shall
immediately, but no later than two (2) Business Days after its receipt thereof, forward to the Holder by facsimile or electronic mail a copy of such notice. If the Company receives a Change of Control Redemption Notice and one or more Other
Redemption Notices, during the seven (7) Business Day period beginning on and including the date which is two (2) Business Days prior to the Companys receipt of the Holders Change of Control Redemption Notice and ending on and including the
date which is five (5) Business Days after the Companys receipt of the Holders Change of Control Redemption Notice and the Company is unable to redeem all principal, interest and any other amount designated in such Change of Control Redemption
Notice and such Other Redemption Notices received during such seven (7) Business Day period, then the Company shall redeem a pro rata amount from each holder of the Notes (including the Holder) based on the principal amount of the Notes submitted
for redemption pursuant to such Change of Control Redemption Notice and such Other Redemption Notices received by the Company during such seven (7) Business Day period.

11. Voting Rights. The Holder shall have no voting rights with respect to the shares of the capital stock of the Company in its capacity as the holder of this Note, except as
required by law and as expressly provided in this Note.

12. Covenants. Until all of the Notes have been converted, redeemed or otherwise satisfied, in full, in accordance with their terms (excluding contingent and indemnification
or contribution obligations), the Company hereby covenants and agrees that:

12.1 Rank. All payments due under this Note shall rank pari passu with all Other Notes.

12.2 Maintenance of Existence. The Company shall preserve and maintain its legal existence.

12.3 Maintenance of Listing. The Company shall maintain its Common Stock listing on the Principal Market or another Eligible Market (subject to all cure periods
permitted by the Principal Market or such other Eligible Market). The Company shall list any Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note on the Principal Market or any other Eligible Market on which the Common Stock is then listed prior to
issuance of such Common Stock.

12.4 Change of Control. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, have a Change of Control without the prior written
approval of the Holder, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. The Company shall at all times comply with the Holders standard and customary know your customer reviews and clearance in connection with any
approved Change of Control.

24

12.5 No Sale of Assets. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any subsidiary to, during the term of the Note, transfer any material portion of its
respective assets unless such transfer is in the ordinary course of the Companys business, for fair market value and such fair market value is given to the Company, in its sole name, and such transfer will not have a material adverse effect on
the financial condition of the Company and/or its ability to perform the obligations hereunder, as determined by the Holder in their sole and absolute discretion.

12.6 Further Assurances and Preservation of Security. The Company shall, and shall cause its subsidiaries to, do all acts and execute all documents for the
better and more effective carrying out of the intent and purposes of this Note, as the Holder shall reasonably require from time to time, and will do such other acts necessary or desirable to preserve and protect the Collateral at any time
securing or intending to secure the Note, as the Holder may require.

12.7 Subordination of Debt. The Company shall, and shall cause its subsidiaries to, fully subordinate all of the Companys debts owed to third parties,
including, without limitation, officers, employees, stockholders, and affiliates, upon terms and conditions acceptable to the Holder, other than the MSPLP Facility and Permitted Debt (as defined in the MSPLP Facility as in effect on the Issuance
Date) which is not expressly required to be subordinated.

12.8 Indebtedness. During the term of the Note, the Company shall not, nor shall it permit any subsidiary to, incur, create, assume or permit to exist any
indebtedness or liability on account of advances or deposits, any indebtedness or liability for borrowed money, any indebtedness constituting the deferred purchase price of any property or assets, any indebtedness owed under any conditional sale
or title retention agreement, contingent obligations pursuant to guaranties, endorsements, letters of credit and other secondary liabilities, or any other indebtedness or liability evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar obligations
without the prior written approval of the Holder, except for Permitted Debt (as defined in the MSPLP Facility as in effect on the Issuance Date) and the Madryn Bridge Loan Agreement.

12.9 Liens. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any lien upon any of its property, assets or
revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, securing any debt for borrowed money or any obligations evidenced by a bond, debenture, note, loan agreement or other similar instrument, or any guarantee of the foregoing, other than Permitted
Liens (as defined in the MSPLP Facility as in effect on the Issuance Date).

12.10 Restricted Payments. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any subsidiary to, make any Restricted Payment.

25

For the purposes of this Section 12.10, Restricted Payment means (a) any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any
equity securities of the Company or its subsidiaries, but excluding any intercompany dividends or distributions made to the Company from one or more of its subsidiaries; (b) any purchase, redemption, retirement or acquisition by the Company or
its subsidiaries for value of any equity securities or any distribution of any kind in cash or other property or assets in respect thereof; (c) any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property or assets), including any sinking fund or
similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such equity securities or on account of any return of capital to the equityholders, partners or members (or the equivalent person
thereof) of the Company or its subsidiaries, and (d) any management fees, board fees, director or manager fees or similar fees, but, for the avoidance of doubt, excluding fees paid to officers, directors and employees of the Company and its
subsidiaries. For the further avoidance of doubt, the transactions contemplated by that certain Exchange Agreement dated as of March 31, 2025, made among the parties hereto, do not constitute a Restricted Payment.

12.11 Repayment of Other Indebtedness. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any subsidiary to, repay the principal balance of, or pay any interest on, any
debt (other than the MSPLP Facility) unless the principal or interest payment is mandatory and due, until the Note is repaid in full.

With respect to debt that predates the Note, principal and interest payments are mandatory and due: (i) on the future date upon which they were scheduled to be paid as of the
date of origination of the Note, or (ii) upon the occurrence of an event that automatically triggers mandatory prepayments under a contract for indebtedness that the Company executed prior to the date of origination of the Note, except that any
such prepayments triggered by the incurrence of new debt can only be paid (i) if such prepayments are de minimis, or (ii) under the Note at the time of origination of the Note.

For the avoidance of doubt, the Company and its subsidiaries may continue to pay, and the Holder may request that the Company and its subsidiaries pay, interest or principal
payments on outstanding debt on (or after) the payment due date, provided that the payment due date was scheduled prior to the date of origination of the Note. The Company and its subsidiaries may not pay, and the Holder may not request that the
Company or its subsidiaries pay, interest or principal payments on such debt ahead of schedule during the life of the Note, unless required by a mandatory prepayment clause as specifically permitted above.

For future debt incurred by the Company or its subsidiaries in compliance with the terms and conditions of the Note, principal and interest payments are mandatory and due on
their scheduled dates or upon the occurrence of an event that automatically triggers mandatory prepayments.

As to repayment of a loan owed to an owner or to an affiliate of the Company or its subsidiaries, such repayment shall be allowed provided that the loan is a bona fide loan and
repayment is made when mandatory and due. A loan owed to an owner or to an affiliate of a Company shall be considered bona fide if (i) it is a written instrument with a stated interest rate, a stated maturity date, and terms that are at least
as favorable to the Company as market terms for similar loans at the time of origination; (ii) such owner or affiliate of the Company has a reasonable expectation of repayment, including that payments on the loan are not deferred; (iii) the debt
is enforceable under state law; and (iv) such owner or affiliate of the Company has remedies upon default (e.g., a security interest or position with respect to other creditors).

26

The Company and its subsidiaries hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Holder may require, in their sole and absolute discretion, additional documentation from the Company
relating to any loan owed to an owner or to an affiliate of the Company, including, without limitation, promissory notes or other evidence of such debt, as well as affidavits or certifications from the Company, in order to confirm that such loan
is bona fide.

12.12 Fees and Expenses. The Company agrees to pay all other fees and expenses incurred by the Holder in connection with the Note, which shall include, but not be
limited to, the legal fees and costs of the Holders counsel.

12.13 Key Person Event. The Company shall ensure that Rajiv De Silva (Chief Executive Officer) maintains his current position as Chief Executive Officer of the
Company; provided that no default or Event of Default shall occur if Rajiv De Silva voluntarily terminates employment if, (i) the Company provides to the Holder written notice thereof no later than the earlier of (A) the effective date of such
voluntary termination and (B) twenty-four (24) hours prior to the date in which the Company is required to provide notice of such voluntary termination to its shareholders and (ii) within ninety (90) days following such voluntary termination,
such Person is replaced with another individual acceptable to the Holder (evidenced by Holder providing written notice of such acceptance to the Company).

12.14 Fundamental Changes. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any subsidiary to, dissolve, liquidate, amalgamate or consolidate with or into another person,
or dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any person (including, in each case, pursuant to a Delaware LLC Division)

12.15 Investments. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any subsidiary to, make any Investment (as defined in the MSPLP Facility as in effect on the Issuance
Date).

12.16 Liquidity. At all times until the Note is repaid in full, the Borrower shall maintain a minimum average daily deposit ledger balance in all Related Accounts
(as defined below) in an amount equal to or greater than $3,000,000 as of the end of each month (the Minimum Liquidity Requirement), to be tested on a monthly basis. The Minimum Liquidity Requirement may be satisfied by reference to the
aggregate funds on deposit at any given time in all accounts of the Borrower and the Guarantors maintained with any bank or financial institution that are subject to a deposit account control agreement (or similar agreement) in favor of the
Holders (collectively, the RelatedAccounts).

27

13. Amendments and Waivers. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Note or any other Transaction Document, and no consent to any departure by the Company therefrom, shall
be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Holders and the Company. Each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which it is given. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any
such amendment, waiver, consent or other departure that complies with the foregoing but that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any holder of this Note or any Other Note relative to the comparable
rights and obligations of the other holders of this Note or any Other Note shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Person(s). Any change, amendment, waiver, consent or departure by the Company and the Holder required by
this Section 13 shall be binding on the Company, the Holder of this Note and all holders of the Other Notes.

14. Collateral. Solely in the event that this Note is held by Madryn Health Partners, LP or Madryn Health Partners (Cayman Master), LP or any of its Affiliates, this Note and the
Other Notes are secured to the extent and in the manner set forth in the Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, the Guaranty and Security Agreement).

15. Transfer. Unless the Assignment Conditions and the other terms of Section 9.8 of the Securities Exchange Agreement have been satisfied, this Note may not be offered, sold,
assigned or transferred by the Holder other than to an Affiliate of the Holder upon notice to the Company, subject only to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Securities Exchange Agreement. Any shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of
this Note may be offered, sold, assigned or transferred by the Holder without the consent of the Company, subject only to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Securities Exchange Agreement.

16. Reissuances; New Notes.

16.1 Transfer. If this Note is to be transferred in accordance with the terms of this Note, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Company, whereupon the
Company will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section 16.4 and subject to Section 3.2(c)), registered as the Holder may request, representing the outstanding Principal being
transferred by the Holder and, if less than the entire outstanding Principal is being transferred, a new Note (in accordance with Section16.4) to the Holder representing the outstanding Principal not being transferred. The Holder
and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of Section 3.2(c) following conversion or redemption of any portion of this Note, the outstanding Principal represented by this Note may
be less than the Principal stated on the face of this Note.

16.2 Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Note. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation
of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall
execute and deliver to the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section 16.4) representing the outstanding Principal.

28

16.3 Note Exchangeable for Different Denominations. This Note is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company, for
a new Note or Notes (in accordance with Section 16.4) representing in the aggregate the outstanding Principal of this Note, and each such new Note will represent such portion of such outstanding Principal as is designated by the Holder at
the time of such surrender.

16.4 Issuance of New Notes. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Note pursuant to the terms of this Note, such new Note (a) shall be of like tenor with
this Note, (b) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Note, the Principal remaining outstanding (or in the case of a new Note being issued pursuant to Section 16.1 or Section16.3, the Principal designated by
the Holder which, when added to the principal represented by the other new Notes issued in connection with such issuance, does no t exceed the Principal remaining outstanding under this Note immediately prior to such issuance of new Notes), (c)
shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Note, which is the same as the Issuance Date of this Note, and (d) shall have the same rights and conditions as this Note.

17. Remedies, other Obligations, Breaches and Injunctive Relief . The remedies provided in this Note shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies
available under this Note and any of the other Transaction Documents at law or in equity, and nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to pursue actual damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Note. No failure
on the part of the Holder to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise by the Holder of any right, power or remedy preclude any other or
further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. In addition, the exercise of any right or remedy of the Holder at law or equity or under this Note or any of the documents shall not be deemed to be an election of
Holders rights or remedies under such documents or at law or equity. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and
shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder
and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein or any other Transaction Document, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, neither the Company nor the Holder
shall assert, and each of the Company and the Holder waives, and acknowledges that no Person shall have, any claims on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages)
arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Note or any other Transaction Document or any transaction contemplated thereby.

18. Payment of Collection, Enforcement and Other Costs. If (a) an Event of Default has occurred and this Note is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement or is collected
or enforced through any legal proceeding or the Holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under this Note or to enforce the provisions of this Note or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the Company or
other proceedings affecting Company creditors rights and involving a claim under this Note, then the Company shall pay the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs incurred by the Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in
connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other proceeding, including, without limitation, attorneys fees and disbursements.

29

19. Construction; Headings. This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the initial Holder and shall not be construed against any such Person as the drafter
hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Note. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the
masculine, feminine, neuter, singular and plural forms thereof. The terms including, includes, include and words of like import shall be construed broadly as if followed by the words without limitation. The terms herein, hereunder,
hereof and words of like import refer to this entire Note instead of just the provision in which they are found. Unless expressly indicated otherwise, all section references are to sections of this Note. Terms used in this Note and not
otherwise defined herein, but defined in the other Transaction Documents, shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms on the Issuance Date in such other Transaction Documents unless otherwise consented to in writing by the Holder.

20. Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor
shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege.

21. Dispute Resolution.

21.1 Submission to Dispute Resolution.

(a) In the case of a dispute relating to a Closing Sale Price, a Conversion Rate, a fair market value or a Redemption Premium Amount or the arithmetic calculation of a
Conversion Price or the applicable Redemption Price (as the case may be) (including, without limitation, a dispute relating to the determination of any of the foregoing), the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) shall submit the dispute to
the other party via facsimile or electronic mail (i) if by the Company, within five (5) Business Days after the occurrence of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute or (ii) if by the Holder, within five (5) Business Days after the Holder
learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Company are unable to promptly resolve such dispute relating to such Closing Sale Price, such Conversion Rate, such fair market value or such Redemption Premium
Amount, or the arithmetic calculation of such Conversion Price or such applicable Redemption Price (as the case may be), at any time after the second (2nd) Business Day following such initial notice by the Company or the Holder (as the case may
be) of such dispute to the Company or the Holder (as the case may be), then the Holder may, with the consent of the Company (such consent not to be unreasonably or untimely withheld), select an independent, reputable, nationally known investment
bank to resolve such dispute.

30

(b) The Holder and the Company shall each deliver to such investment bank (i) a copy of the initial dispute submission so delivered in accordance with the first
sentence of this Section 21 and (ii) written documentation supporting its position with respect to such dispute, in each case, no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) by the tenth (10th) Business Day immediately following the date on
which the Holder selected such investment bank (the Dispute SubmissionDeadline) (the documents referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (i) and (ii) are collectively referred to herein as the Required Dispute
Documentation) (it being understood and agreed that if either the Holder or the Company fails to so deliver all of the Required Dispute Documentation by the Dispute Submission Deadline, then the party who fails to so submit all of the
Required Dispute Documentation shall no longer be entitled to (and hereby waives its right to) deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such investment bank with respect to such dispute and such investment bank shall
resolve such dispute based solely on the Required Dispute Documentation that was delivered to such investment bank prior to the Dispute Submission Deadline). Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by both the Company and the Holder or otherwise
requested by such investment bank, neither the Company nor the Holder shall be entitled to deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such investment bank in connection with such dispute (other than the Required Dispute
Documentation).

(c) The Company and the Holder shall cause such investment bank to determine the resolution of such dispute and notify the Company and the Holder of such resolution no
later than ten (10) Business Days immediately following the Dispute Submission Deadline. The reasonable fees and reasonable expenses of such investment bank shall be borne solely by the Company, and such investment banks resolution of such
dispute shall be final and binding upon all parties absent manifest error.

21.2 Miscellaneous. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (a) this Section 21 constitutes an agreement to arbitrate between the Company and
the Holder (and constitutes an arbitration agreement) under 7501, et seq. of the New York Civil Practice Law and Rules (CPLR) and that the Holder is authorized to apply for an order to compel arbitration pursuant to CPLR 7503(a) in
order to compel compliance with this Section 21, (b) a dispute relating to a Conversion Rate or a Conversion Price includes, without limitation, disputes as to whether an agreement, instrument, security or the like constitutes a right,
warrant, grant or option to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock, (c) the terms of this Note and each other applicable Transaction Document shall serve as the basis for the selected investment banks resolution of the applicable
dispute, such investment bank shall be entitled (and is hereby expressly authorized) to make all findings, determinations and the like that such investment bank determines are required to be made by such investment bank in connection with its
resolution of such dispute and in resolving such dispute such investment bank shall apply such findings, determinations and the like to the terms of this Note and any other applicable Transaction Documents, (d) the Holder (and only the Holder),
in its sole discretion, shall have the right to submit any dispute described in this Section 21 to any state or federal court sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan in lieu of utilizing the procedures set forth in this Section

21 and (e) nothing in this Section 21 shall limit the Holder from obtaining any injunctive relief or other equitable remedies (including, without limitation, with respect to any matters described in this Section 21).

31

21.3 Pendency of Dispute. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, during either (a) the pendency of any dispute under this Section 21
with respect to either (i) whether the existence or continuation of an Event of Default has occurred or (ii) whether the conditions to a Company Optional Redemption pursuant to Section 7 have been satisfied, or (b) the time that both an
Event of Default is continuing and the pendency of any other dispute under this Section 21, without the prior written consent of the Holder, the Company shall not be permitted to exercise its rights under Section 7 and no Company
Optional Redemption pursuant to Section 7 shall be effective.

22. Notices; Currency; Payments.

22.1 Notices. Whenever notice is required to be given under this Note, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with Section
9.5 of the Securities Exchange Agreement. The Company will give written notice to the Holder promptly upon any adjustment of the Conversion Rate, setting forth in reasonable detail, and certifying, the calculation of such adjustment.

22.2 Currency. All dollar amounts referred to in this Note are in United States Dollars (U.S. Dollars), and all amounts owing under this Note shall be
paid in U.S. Dollars. All amounts denominated in other currencies (if any) shall be converted into the U.S. Dollar equivalent amount in accordance with the Exchange Rate on the date of calculation. Exchange Rate means, in relation to any
amount of currency to be converted into U.S. Dollars pursuant to this Note, the U.S. Dollar exchange rate as published in the Wall Street Journal on the relevant date of calculation (it being understood and agreed that where an amount is
calculated with reference to, or over, a period of time, the date of calculation shall be the final date of such period of time).

22.3 Payments. Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Company to any Person pursuant to this Note, such payment shall be made in lawful money of the
United States of America by a check drawn on the account of the Company and sent via overnight courier service to such Person at such address as previously provided to the Company in writing (which address, in the case of the Holder, shall
initially be as set forth on the Schedule of Investors attached to the Securities Exchange Agreement); provided, that, the Holder may elect to receive a payment of cash via wire transfer of immediately available funds by providing
the Company with prior written notice setting out such request and the Holders wire transfer instructions. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a Business Day, the same shall instead be
due on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day.

23. Cancellation. After all Principal, accrued Interest and other amounts at any time owed on this Note have been satisfied in full (including, for the avoidance of doubt, by
conversion in full of this Note into shares of the Common Stock, but excluding contingent and indemnification obligations), this Note shall automatically be deemed canceled, shall be surrendered to the Company for cancellation and shall not be
reissued.

32

24. Waiver of Notice. To the extent permitted by law, the Company hereby irrevocably waives demand, notice, presentment, protest and all other demands and notices in connection
with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of this Note and the Securities Exchange Agreement.

25. Governing Law. This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this
Note shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application
of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of New York. Except as otherwise required by Section 21 above, the Company hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in The City
of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit,
action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper.
Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein (a) shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Holder from bringing suit or taking other legal action
against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Companys obligations to the Holder, to realize on any collateral or any other security for such obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of the Holder or
(b) shall limit, or shall be deemed or construed to limit, any provision of Section 21. THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE
ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

26. Severability. If any provision of this Note is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the provision
that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of
the remaining provisions of this Note so long as this Note as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or
unenforceability of the provision(s) in question does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties.
The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable
provision(s).

27. Usury. This Note is subject to the express condition that at no time shall the Company be obligated or required to pay interest hereunder at a rate or in an amount which could
subject the Holder to either civil or criminal liability as a result of being in excess of the maximum interest rate or amount which the Company is permitted by applicable law to contract or agree to pay. If by the terms of this Note, the Company
is at any time required or obligated to pay interest hereunder at a rate or in an amount in excess of such maximum rate or amount, the rate or amount of interest under this Note shall be deemed to be immediately reduced to such maximum rate or
amount and the interest payable shall be computed at such maximum rate or be in such maximum amount and all prior interest payments in excess of such maximum rate or amount shall be applied and shall be deemed to have been payments in reduction
of the principal balance of this Note .

33

28. Adjusted Three-Month Term SOFR Unavailability Period.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Note, if the Holder determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that a SOFR Unavailability Period has commenced and
is continuing, then, reasonably promptly after such determination, the Holder shall give the Company notice thereof and the Holder and the Company may amend this Note to replace Adjusted Three-Month Term SOFR with an alternate benchmark rate
(including any mathematical or other adjustments to the benchmark (if any) incorporated therein (including spread adjustments or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustments, which may be a positive or negative value or equal to
zero)), giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated credit facilities for such alternative benchmarks (any such proposed rate, a SOFR Successor Rate), together with any proposed SOFR
Successor Rate Conforming Changes. It is understood and agreed that, for all purposes of this Agreement, once commenced, a SOFR Unavailability Period shall be deemed to exist and be continuing unless and until such amendment has become
effective in accordance with the terms hereof.

Notwithstanding anything else herein, any definition of SOFR Successor Rate shall provide that in no event shall such SOFR Successor Rate be less than five percent (5.0%) for purposes of this
Note.

29. Definitions. As used in this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

29.1 Adjusted Three-Month Term SOFR means, which respect to any Interest Period, a rate per annum equal to the sum of (a) Three-Month Term SOFR for such Interest
Period, plus (b) the SOFR Adjustment.

29.2 Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such
Person, it being understood for purposes of this definition that control of a Person means the power directly or indirectly either to vote 10% or more of the stock having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or
direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise.

29.3 Applicable Margin means eight and one-half percent (8.50%) per annum.

29.4 Authorized Share Allocation has the meaning specified in Section 9.1.

29.5 Authorized Share Failure has the meaning specified in Section 9.2.

29.6 Bankruptcy Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 4.1.

34

29.7 Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday, any day which shall be a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking
institutions in The State of New York or Ontario, Canada are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

29.8 Calendar Quarter means each of: (a) the period beginning on and including January 1 and ending on and including the next occurring March 31; (b) the period
beginning on and including April 1 and ending on and including the next occurring June 30; (c) the period beginning on and including July 1 and ending on and including the next occurring September 30; (d) and the period beginning on and including
October 1 and ending on and including the next occurring December 31.

29.9 Change of Control means the occurrence of, for any reason whatsoever, any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the
Exchange Act, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan), other than any of the Permitted
Holders, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person or group has the right to acquire
(such right, an option right), whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time), directly or indirectly, of 50% or more of the equity interests of the Company entitled to vote for members of the Board of
Directors of the Company on a fully diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities that such person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right).

29.10 Change of Control Notice has the meaning specified in Section 5.2.

29.11 Change of Control Redemption Date has the meaning specified in Section 10.1.

29.12 Change of Control Redemption Notice has the meaning specified inSection 5.2.

29.13 Change of Control Redemption Price has the meaning specified in Section 5.2.

29.14 Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, the last closing trade price for such security on the Principal Market, as reported by FactSet,
or, if the Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing trade price (as the case may be) then last trade price of such security prior to 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by FactSet, or,
if the Principal Market is not the principal securities exchange or trading market for such security, the last trade price of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded as reported
by FactSet, or if the foregoing do not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by FactSet, or, if no last trade price is reported for such security
by FactSet, the average of the ask prices of any market makers for such security as reported in the pink sheets by OTC Markets Group Inc. (formerly Pink Sheets LLC). If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular
date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Required Holders are unable to agree upon the
fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures in Section 21. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations,
recapitalizations or other similar transactions during such period.

35

29.15 CME means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited.

29.16 CNB means City National Bank of Florida.

29.17 Common Stock means (a) Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share of the Company, and (b) any share capital into which such Common Stock shall be changed or
any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such Common Stock.

29.18 Company has the meaning specified in the preamble to this Note.

29.19 Company Optional Redemption has the meaning specified in Section 7.1.

29.20 Company Optional Redemption Amount has the meaning specified in Section 7.1.

29.21 Company Optional Redemption Date has the meaning specified in Section 7.1.

29.22 Company Optional Redemption Notice has the meaning specified in Section 7.1.

29.23 Company Optional Redemption Notice Date has the meaning specified in Section 7.1.

29.24 Company Optional Redemption Price has the meaning specified in Section 7.1.

29.25 Controlled Investment Affiliate means, as to any Person, any other Person which directly or indirectly is in control of or is controlled by, or is under
common control with, such Person and is organized by such Person (or any Person controlled by such Person) primarily for making equity or debt investments in the Company or other portfolio companies of such Person.

29.26 Conversion Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.2(a).

36

29.27 Conversion Failure means the failure by the Company, for any reason or for no reason, on or prior to the applicable Share Delivery Deadline, to either: (a)
if (i) the Transfer Agent is not participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program or (ii) such applicable shares of Common Stock may not then be resold by the Holder pursuant to a Permitted Securities Transaction, deliver a
certificate for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled and register such shares of Common Stock on the Companys share register, or (b) if (i) the Transfer Agent is participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities
Transfer Program and (ii) such applicable shares of Common Stock may then be resold by the Holder pursuant to a Permitted Securities Transaction, credit the balance account of the Holder or the Holders designee with DTC for such number of shares
of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holders conversion of this Note (as the case may be).

29.28 Conversion Notice has the meaning specified in Section 3.2(a).

29.29 Conversion Price per share of Common Stock as of any time means the result obtained by dividing (a) $1,000 by (b) the then applicable Conversion Rate,
rounded to the nearest cent.

29.30 Conversion Rate means the rate at which shares of Common Stock shall be delivered upon conversion, which rate shall be initially 3.7878788 shares of Common
Stock for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes, as adjusted from time to time pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

29.31 Dispute Submission Deadline has the meaning specified in Section21.1(b).

29.32 DTC has the meaning specified in Section 3.2(a).

29.33 Eligible Market means the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE MKT, the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the NASDAQ Global Market, the NASDAQ Capital Market or the
OTCBB.

29.34 Equity Conditions means, with respect to a given date of determination, as of such date of determination:

(a) either (i) one or more Registration Statements filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Agreement shall be effective and the prospectus contained therein shall be
available on such applicable date of determination (with, for the avoidance of doubt, any shares of Common Stock previously sold pursuant to such prospectus deemed unavailable) for the resale of all shares of Common Stock to be issued in
connection with the event requiring this determination (each, a Required Minimum Securities Amount), in each case, in accordance with the terms of the Securities Exchange Agreement and there shall not be any ongoing Grace Periods (as
defined in the Securities Exchange Agreement) as of such date of determination or (ii) all Registrable Securities shall be eligible for sale without restriction pursuant to Rule 144 (including, without limitation, volume restrictions) without the
need for registration under any applicable federal or state securities laws (in each case, disregarding any limitation on conversion of the Notes or other issuance of securities with respect to the Notes);

37

(b) the Common Stock (including all Registrable Securities) is listed or designated for quotation (as applicable) on an Eligible Market and shall not have been
suspended from trading on an Eligible Market (other than suspensions of not more than two (2) days and occurring prior to the applicable date of determination due to business announcements by the Company) nor shall delisting or suspension by an
Eligible Market have been threatened (with a reasonable prospect of delisting occurring after giving effect to all applicable notice, appeal, compliance and hearing periods) or reasonably likely to occur or pending as evidenced by (i) a writing
by such Eligible Market or (ii) the Company falling below the minimum listing maintenance requirements of the Eligible Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or designated for quotation (as applicable) for the period of time specified by
such requirement;

(c) any shares of Common Stock to be issued in connection with the event requiring determination (or issuable upon conversion of the portion of the Principal being
redeemed in the event requiring this determination) may be issued in full without violating Section 3.3 hereof; provided, that this clause (c) shall not apply if prior to such date of determination, the stockholders of the Company
have already voted to reject additional issuances of shares of the Common Stock in excess of the Exchange Cap;

(d) any shares of Common Stock to be issued in connection with the event requiring determination (or issuable upon conversion of the portion of the Principal being
redeemed in the event requiring this determination at the Conversion Rate then in effect (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein)) may be issued in full without violating the rules or regulations of the Eligible Market
on which the Common Stock is then listed or designated for quotation (as applicable);

(e) the Company shall have no knowledge of any fact that would reasonably be expected to cause (i) any Registration Statement filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange
Agreement to not be effective or the prospectus contained therein to not be available for the resale of the applicable Required Minimum Securities Amount of Registrable Securities in accordance with the terms of the Securities Exchange Agreement
or (ii) any Registrable Securities to not be eligible for sale without restriction pursuant to Rule 144 (including, without limitation, volume restrictions) without the need for registration under any applicable federal or state securities laws
(in each case, disregarding any limitation on conversion of the Notes or other issuance of securities with respect to the Notes);

(f) [reserved];

38

(g) (i) no Authorized Share Failure shall exist or be continuing, (ii) the applicable Required Minimum Securities Amount of shares of Common Stock are available
under the certificate of incorporation of the Company and reserved by the Company to be issued pursuant to the Notes and (iii) all shares of Common Stock to be issued in connection with the event requiring this determination (or issuable upon
conversion of the portion of the Principal being redeemed in the event requiring this determination at the Conversion Rate then in effect (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein)) may be issued in full without
resulting in an Authorized Share Failure;

(h) there shall not have occurred and then be continuing an Event of Default or an event that with the passage of time or giving of notice would constitute an Event of
Default; and

(i) the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant the event requiring the satisfaction of the Equity Conditions (or issuable upon conversion of the portion of the
Principal being redeemed in the event requiring this determination at the Conversion Rate then in effect (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein)) are duly authorized and listed and eligible for trading without
restriction on an Eligible Market.

29.35 Equity Conditions Failure means that, on any day during the period commencing ten (10) calendar days prior to the applicable Company Optional Redemption
Notice Date through the applicable Company Optional Redemption Date, the Equity Conditions have not been satisfied (or waived in writing by the Holder).

29.36 Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 4.1.

29.37 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

29.38 Exchange Cap the maximum number of shares of Common Stock which the Company may issue upon conversion of the Notes without breaching the Companys
obligations under the rules and regulations of the Principal Market as set forth in Nasdaq Rule 5635(b) (or such equivalent rule under another Eligible Market, if the Common Stock is re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on another Eligible Market).

29.39 Fundamental Transaction has the meaning specified in Section 5.1.

29.40 Group means a group as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and as defined in Rule 13d-5 thereunder.

29.41 Guarantors means each Person that is a party to the Guaranty and Security Agreement as a Guarantor thereunder, including each Person that becomes a
Guarantor thereunder after the Issuance Date.

29.42 Guaranty and Security Agreement means that certain Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2020, by and among the Company, the Guarantors
from time to time party thereto, the Holder and each holder of Other Notes.

39

29.43 Holder has the meaning specified in the preamble to this Note.

29.44 Interest has the meaning specified in the preamble to this Note.

29.45 Interest Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.

29.46 Interest Period means (a) initially, the period commencing on (and including) the date hereof and ending on (and including) December 31, 2023; provided,
that, if such day is not a Business Day, the applicable Interest Period shall end on the first Business Day immediately preceding such day, and (b) thereafter, the period beginning on (and including) the first day following the end of the
preceding Interest Period and ending on the earlier of (and including) (x) the last day of the calendar quarter following the calendar quarter in which the preceding Interest Period ended; provided, that, if any such last day is not a Business
Day, the applicable Interest Period shall end on the first Business Day immediately preceding such last day of such quarter, and (y) the Maturity Date.

29.47 Interest Rate means, for any Interest Period, a rate per annum equal to the sum of (a) the Applicable Margin plus (b) Adjusted Three-Month Term SOFR for
such Interest Period; provided, that, (i) if the Holder determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that a SOFR Unavailability Period has commenced and is continuing, then at all times during such SOFR
Unavailability Period, the Interest Rate shall be a rate per annum equal to the sum of (A) the Applicable Margin plus (B) the most recent Adjusted Three-Month Term SOFR that was determined in accordance with the terms hereof, provided,
that, on any date when an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the Holder has delivered written notice to the Company of its election to invoke a default rate of interest, the Interest Rate shall be the Interest
Rate determined in accordance with the foregoing plus 4.00%. Notwithstanding the foregoing proviso, if the Event of Default is a Bankruptcy Event of Default, the Holder shall not be required to deliver any notice to the Company to invoke a
default rate of interest and such default rate of interest shall instead be deemed automatically invoked.

29.48 Issuance Date has the meaning specified in the preamble to this Note.

29.49 Madryn Bridge Loan Agreement has the meaning specified in Section 4.1(c).

29.50 Maturity Date means December 9, 2026.

29.51 Minimum Liquidity Requirement has the meaning specified in Section 12.16.

29.52 MSPLP Facility means the Loan and Security Agreement to be entered into between Venus Concept USA Inc., as borrower, the Company, as guarantor, and CNB,
as agent and lender, together with any extension, renewal, refinancing or replacement thereof.

29.53 Note has the meaning specified in the preamble to this Note.

40

29.54 Other Notes has the meaning specified in the preamble to this Note.

29.55 Other Redemption Notice has the meaning specified in Section 10.2.

29.56 Parent Entity of a Person means an entity that, directly or indirectly, controls the applicable Person and whose common stock or equivalent equity security
is quoted or listed on an Eligible Market, or, if there is more than one such Person or Parent Entity, the Person or Parent Entity with the largest public market capitalization as of the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction.

29.57 Permitted Holders means, without duplication, (a) SEDCO Capital Global Funds - SC Private Equity Global Fund IV, SEDCO Capital Cayman Ltd., Longitude Venture
Partner II L.P., EW Healthcare Partners, L.P., EW Healthcare Partners- A, L.P., Healthquest Partners, L.P., Healthquest Partners II, L.P., Madryn Health Partners, LP, Madryn Health Partners (Cayman Master), LP, and any Controlled Investment
Affiliate of any of the foregoing Persons, (b) Domenic Serafino and his Permitted Transferees and (c) Senior Management Persons of the Company and Board Members of the Company, in each case, for so long as such Persons are actively employed by
the Company in such capacity or serve in such capacity, as the case may be.

29.58 Permitted Securities Transaction has the meaning specified in Section 3.2(a).

29.59 Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, a government or any department
or agency thereof and any other legal entity.

29.60 Principal has the meaning specified in the preamble to this Note.

29.61 Principal Market means the NASDAQ Global Market.

29.62 Redemption Date means, as applicable, the Change of Control Redemption Date or Company Optional Redemption Date.

29.63 Redemption Notice means, as applicable, a Company Optional Redemption Notices and a Change of Control Redemption Notice.

29.64 Redemption Premium Amount means, on any date of determination, with respect to any amount of outstanding Principal redeemed or required to be redeemed, an
amount equal to the present value as of such date of determination (as determined by the Holder or, if there are other holders whose Notes are also redeemed or required to be redeemed at the same time, as determined by the holders of Notes
representing at least a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes being so redeemed or required to be redeemed, in each case, in accordance with customary practice), discounted at the Three-Month Treasury Rate, of the aggregate
remaining Interest payment amounts (at the non-default Interest Rate)on the amount of Principal redeemed or required to be redeemed.

41

29.65 Redemption Price means, as applicable, the Change of Control Redemption Price and the Company Optional Redemption Price.

29.66 Register has the meaning specified in Section 3.2(c).

29.67 Registered Notes has the meaning specified in Section 3.2(c).

29.68 Registrable Securities has the meaning specified in the Securities Exchange Agreement.

29.69 Registration Statement has the meaning specified in the Securities Exchange Agreement.

29.70 Related Accounts has the meaning specified in Section 12.16.

29.71 Required Dispute Documentation has the meaning specified in Section21.1(b).

29.72 Required Holders means the holders of Notes (including the Other Notes) representing at least a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes
(including the Other Notes) then outstanding.

29.73 Required Reserve Amount has the meaning specified in Section 9.1.

29.74 Rule 144 has the meaning specified in the Securities Exchange Agreement.

29.75 SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or the successor thereto.

29.76 Securities Exchange Agreement means that certain Securities Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2020, among the Company, the
guarantors identified therein and the investors identified therein, pursuant to which the Company issued the Notes, as such agreement may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time.

29.77 Senior Management Persons means the collective reference to Rajiv De Silva, Domenic Della Penna, Kirk Gunhus, Ross Portaro, Melissa Kang, Anna Georgiadis and
Michael Mandarello and Senior Management Person means any one of them.

29.78 Share Delivery Deadline has the meaning specified in Section 3.2(a).

29.79 SOFR means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator).

29.80 SOFR Adjustment means 0.10% (10 basis points) per annum.

29.81 SOFR Successor Rate has the meaning set forth in Section 28.

42

29.82 SOFR Successor Rate Conforming Changes means, with respect to any proposed SOFR Successor Rate, any conforming changes to the definitions of Adjusted
Three-Month Term SOFR, Interest Date, Interest Period, Interest Rate, SOFR, SOFR Adjustment or Three-Month Term SOFR, the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other administrative matters as
may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Holder, to reflect the adoption of such SOFR Successor Rate and to permit the administration thereof by the Holder in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Holder
determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such SOFR Successor Rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Holder determines
in consultation with the Company).

29.83 SOFR Unavailability Period means a period, commencing on the date on which the Holder shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive absent
manifest error) that any of the events set forth in clauses (a) or (b) below have occurred and are continuing through the date on which a SOFR Successor Rate is established pursuant to Section 28:

(a) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining Three-Month Term SOFR, including, without limitation, because the Term SOFR Screen Rate is not
available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary, or

(b) the CME (or any successor administrator reasonably satisfactory to the Holder) has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which SOFR shall or will
no longer be made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of syndicated loans denominated in Dollars, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided, that, in each case, at the time of such statement,
there is no successor administrator that is reasonably satisfactory to the Holder that will continue to provide SOFR, or for any reason Three-Month Term SOFR does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to the Holder of funding this Note.

29.84 Subsidiary has the meaning specified in the Securities Exchange Agreement.

29.85 Successor Entity means the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) formed by, resulting from or surviving any Fundamental Transaction or
the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) with which such Fundamental Transaction shall have been entered into.

29.86 Term SOFR Screen Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any successor administrator satisfactory to the Transfer Agent) and
published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Transfer Agent from time to time).

43

29.87 Three-Month Term SOFR means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate per annum equal to the greater of (x) five percent (5.0%) per annum and (y) the
three- month Term SOFR Screen Rate two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period; provided, that, if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Three-Month Term
SOFR means the three- month Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto. The Holders determination of interest rates shall be determinative in the absence of manifest error.

29.88 Three-Month Treasury Rate means, as of any date of determination, the weekly average yield as of such date of determination of actually traded United States
Treasury securities adjusted to a constant maturity of three (3) months (as compiled and published in the most recent Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15(519) that has become publicly available at least two (2) Business Days prior to such
date of determination (or, if such Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15(519) is no longer published, any publicly available source of similar market data)). For the avoidance of doubt, this calculation is based on yields on actively traded
non-inflation-indexed issues adjusted to constant maturities.

29.89 Trading Day has the meaning specified in the Securities Exchange Agreement.

29.90 Transaction Documents has the meaning specified in the Securities Exchange Agreement.

29.91 Transfer Agent has the meaning specified in Section 3.1.

29.92 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any Business Day, except any Business Day on which any of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets
Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business because such day is a legal holiday under the federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of New York, as applicable.

[Signature Page Follows]

44

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed this Secured Subordinated Convertible Note as of the Issuance Date set out above.

VENUS CONCEPT INC.

By: /s/ Rajiv De Silva

Name: 

Rajiv De Silva

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer

Accepted and Agreed: 

MADRYN HEALTH PARTNERS (CAYMAN MASTER), LP 

By: MADYN HEALTH ADVISORS, LP, 

Its: General Partner 

By: MADRYN HEALTH ADVISORS GP, LLC, 

Its: General Partner 

By: /s/ Avinash Amin 

Name: Avinash Amin 

Title: Member 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed this Secured Subordinated Convertible Note as of the Issuance Date set out above.

VENUS CONCEPT INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Accepted and Agreed: 

MADRYN HEALTH PARTNERS (CAYMAN MASTER), LP 

By: MADRYN HEALTH ADVISORS, LP, 

Its: General Partner 

By: MADRYN HEALTH ADVISORS GP, LLC, 

Its: General Partner 

By:

/s/ Avinash Amin 

Name: Avinash Amin 

Title: Member 

[Madryn Health Partners (Cayman Master), LP Secured Subordinated Convertible Note of Venus Concept Inc.]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ef20046756_ex10-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

EXECUTION VERSION

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED RESALE REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

THIS SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED RESALE REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, dated as of March 31, 2025 (this Agreement),

has been entered into by and among Venus Concept Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), Madryn Health Partners, LP (Madryn) and Madryn Health Partners
(Cayman Master), LP (Madryn Cayman, and together with Madryn, the Madryn Parties).

BACKGROUND

Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2024 (the May 2024 Exchange Agreement), by and among the Company, Venus Concept USA Inc., a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (Venus USA), and the Madryn Parties, (i) the Madryn Parties exchanged promissory notes issued by Venus USA for new promissory notes issued by Venus USA and an
aggregate of 576,986 shares of Series Y Preferred Stock of the Company (the May 2024 Preferred Stock), and (ii) the Company agreed to provide to the Madryn Parties certain resale registration rights
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (together, the Securities Act), and applicable state securities laws with respect to the May 2024 Shares (as
defined below).

Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2024 (the September 2024 Exchange Agreement), by and among the Company, Venus USA and the
Madryn Parties, (i) the Madryn Parties exchanged promissory notes issued by Venus USA for new promissory notes issued by Venus USA and an aggregate of 203,583 shares of Series Y Preferred Stock of the Company (the September 2024 Preferred Stock), and (ii) the Company agreed to provide to the Madryn Parties certain resale registration rights under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws with respect to the September 2024
Shares (as defined below).

Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the March 2025 Exchange Agreement), by and among the Company and the Madryn Parties,
(i) the Madryn Parties have agreed to exchange secured subordinated convertible notes issued by the Company for new secured subordinated convertible notes issued by the Company and an aggregate of 379,311 shares of Series Y Preferred Stock of
the Company (the March 2025 Preferred Stock), and (ii) the Company has agreed to provide to the Madryn Parties certain resale registration rights under the Securities Act and applicable state securities
laws with respect to the March 2025 Shares (as defined below).

To effectuate the resale registration rights granted by the Company to the Madryn Parties under the May 2024 Exchange Agreement, the Company and the Madryn Parties entered into a Registration
Rights Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2024 (the Initial Agreement). The Initial Agreement was amended and restated on September 26, 2024 to effectuate the resale registration rights granted by the
Company to the Madryn Parties under the September 2024 Exchange Agreement (the Prior Agreement). The Company and the Madryn Parties wish to further amend and restate the Prior Agreement to incorporate
the resale registration rights granted by the Company to the Madryn Parties under the March 2025 Exchange Agreement, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

AGREEMENT

In light of the above, the Prior Agreement is amended and restated as follows:

1. 

Definitions.

As used in this Agreement, the following terms will have the respective meanings set forth in this Section 1: Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Advice has the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(iv).

Blue Sky has the meaning set forth in Section 3(l).

Business Day means (i) a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market, (ii) if the Common Stock is not listed on any Trading Market, a
day on which the Common Stock is quoted in the over-the- counter market as reported by the National Quotation Bureau Incorporated (or any similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices) or (iii) in the event that
the Common Stock is not listed or quoted as set forth in (i) and (ii) hereof, any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in The City of New York are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive
order to remain closed.

Claim has the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).

Commission means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor agency.

Commission Guidance means (i) any publicly available written or oral guidance of the staff of the Commission staff, or any comments, requirements or
requests of the Commission staff whether formally or informally or publicly or privately, and (ii) the Securities Act.

Common Stock means the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share. 

Company has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Demand Registration Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 2(e)(i).

Demand Registration Statement means each registration statement under the Securities Act that is designated by the Company for the registration, under
the Securities Act, of any Demand Offering pursuant to Section 2(e).

Demand Offering has the meaning set forth in Section 2(e)(i).

Demand Offering Holders has the meaning set forth in Section 2(e)(iv)(1). 

Demanding Notice Holders has the meaning set forth in Section 2(e)(i). 

Discontinuance Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Effective Date means, with respect to any Registration Statement, the date on which the Commission first declares effective such Registration
Statement.

Effectiveness Deadline means, with respect to a Registration Statement filed pursuant to Section 2(a), ninety (90) calendar days after the Filing
Deadline in the case of a filing on Form S-3 and one hundred twenty (120) calendar days after the Filing Deadline in the case of a filing on Form S-1.

Effectiveness Period has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Filing Deadline means the date that is 60 days following the conversion of (a) all of the issued and outstanding May 2024 Preferred Stock into May 2024
Shares, (b) all of the issued and outstanding September 2024 Preferred Stock into September 2024 Shares and (c) all of the issued and outstanding March 2025 Preferred Stock into March 2025 Shares.

FINRA means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. or any successor organization performing similar functions.

Holder or Holders means the holder or holders, as the case may be, from time to time of Registrable
Securities.

Indemnified Party has the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

2

Indemnifying Party has the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

Initial Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Initial Registration Statement has the meaning set forth in the definition of Registration Statement. 

Losses has the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

Madryn has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

Madryn Cayman has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

Madryn Parties has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Majority Holders means any one or more Holders holding more than 50% of the Registrable Securities.

Maximum Successful Underwritten Offering Size means, with respect to any Underwritten Offering, the maximum number of securities that, in the managing
underwriters or underwriters reasonable good faith opinion, which is provided in writing, may be sold in such Underwritten Offering without adversely affecting the success of such offering.

March 2025 Exchange Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

March 2025 Preferred Stock has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

March 2025 Registrable Securities means the March 2025 Shares and any shares of capital stock issued

or issuable with respect to the March 2025 Shares as a result of any stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event or otherwise.

March 2025 Shares means any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of the March 2025 Preferred Stock.

May 2024 Exchange Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

May 2024 Preferred Stock has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

May 2024 Registrable Securities means the May 2024 Shares and any shares of capital stock issued or issuable with respect to the May 2024 Shares as a result of any stock
split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event or otherwise.

May 2024 Shares means any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of the May 2024 Preferred Stock.

Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust,
unincorporated organization or government or other agency or political subdivision thereof. Any division or series of a limited liability company, limited partnership or trust will constitute a separate Person under this Agreement.

Plan of Distribution has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Prior Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether
commenced or threatened.

Prospectus means the prospectus included in a Registration Statement (including, without limitation, any preliminary prospectus, any free-writing
prospectus and any prospectus that includes any information previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement under the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with
respect to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to such prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material
incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such prospectus.

3

Registrable Securities means the May 2024 Registrable Securities, the September 2024 Registrable Securities and / or the March 2025 Registrable
Securities, as the context requires. As to any particular Registrable Securities, such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities when (i) the Commission has declared a Registration Statement covering such securities effective and such
securities have been disposed of pursuant to such effective Registration Statement; (ii) such securities are sold under circumstances in which all of the applicable conditions of Rule 144 under the Securities Act are met and the legend
restricting further transfer has been removed from the certificate for such securities; or (iii) such securities are no longer outstanding. For the avoidance of doubt, Registrable Securities shall not
include any May 2024 Shares, September 2024 Shares or March 2025 Shares, or any shares of capital stock issued or issuable with respect to May 2024 Shares, September 2024 Shares or March 2025 Shares, which cannot be registered for resale on a
Registration Statement as of the Filing Deadline under applicable

Commission Guidance.

Registration Default has the meaning set forth in Section 2(c)(iv).

Registration Statement means a registration statement filed pursuant to the terms hereof and which covers the resale of Registrable Securities by the
Holders, including the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to such registration statement or Prospectus, including pre- and post-effective amendments, all exhibits thereto and all material incorporated by reference (or deemed to be
incorporated by reference) therein. For the avoidance of doubt, Registration Statement means the initial registration statement described above in this paragraph (the Initial Registration Statement)
and any additional registration statement or registration statement, if any, that the Company is obligated to file under this Agreement with respect to the Registrable Securities, with the effect that the obligations of the Company under this
Agreement also extend to such additional registration statement or registration statements, in all cases, as specified in this Agreement.

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar
rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

Rule 415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar
rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar
rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

Securities Act has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Selling Holder Questionnaire has the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

Selling Securityholders has the meaning set forth in Section 3(b).

September 2024 Exchange Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

September 2024 Preferred Stock has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

September 2024 Registrable Securities means the September 2024 Shares and any shares of capital stock

issued or issuable with respect to the September 2024 Shares as a result of any stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event or otherwise.

September 2024 Shares means any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of the September 2024 Preferred Stock.\

Subsequent Form S-3 has the meaning set forth in Section 3(m). 

Suspension Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 2(b). 

Suspension Period has the meaning set forth in Section 2(b).

4

Trading Market means whichever of the NYSE American, New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market, Nasdaq Global Select
Market or such other United States registered national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question.

Underwritten Offering shall mean a registration in which securities of the Company are sold to an Underwriter in a firm commitment underwriting for distribution to the
public.

Venus USA has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

2. 

Registration.

(a) 

Mandatory Registration.

(i) On or prior to the Filing Deadline, the Company will prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement covering the resale of the Registrable
Securities for an offering to be made on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415. The Registration Statement will be on Form S-3 (except if the Company is not then eligible to register for resale the Registrable Securities on Form S-3, in
which case such registration will be on Form S-1, and if for any reason the Company is not then eligible to register for resale the Registrable Securities on Form S-1, then another appropriate form for such purpose) and will contain
(except if otherwise required pursuant to written comments received from the Commission upon a review of such Registration Statement) a Plan of Distribution section, substantially in the form attached hereto as Annex A, as the same may
be amended in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to be declared effective under the Securities Act as soon as possible but, in any event,
no later than the Effectiveness Deadline, and will use its reasonable best efforts to keep the Registration Statement (or a Subsequent Form S-3) continuously effective under the Securities Act until such date when the Registrable
Securities covered by the Registration Statement cease to be Registrable Securities as determined by the counsel to the Company (the Effectiveness Period).

(ii) Notwithstanding the registration obligations set forth in this Section 2(a), if the Commission informs the Company
that all of the Registrable Securities cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single registration statement, the Company agrees to promptly inform each of the Holders
thereof and use its reasonable best efforts to file amendments to the Initial Registration Statement as required by the Commission, covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered by the Commission, on Form
S-3 (or Form S-1, if Form S- 3 is not available) or such other form available to register for resale the Registrable Securities as a secondary offering; provided, however, that prior to filing such amendment, the Company shall be obligated
to use its reasonable best efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the Commission Guidance, including without limitation, Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation
612.09.

(iii) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if the Commission or any Commission Guidance sets forth a
limitation on the number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered on a particular Registration Statement as a secondary offering (and notwithstanding that the Company used its reasonable best efforts to advocate with the
Commission for the registration of a l or a greater portion of Registrable Securities), unless otherwise directed in writing by a Holder as to its Registrable Securities, the number of Registrable
Securities to be registered on such Registration Statement will be reduced by reducing or eliminating any securities to be included other than Registrable Securities. In the event of a cutback under this Section 2(a)(iii), the Company shall
give each Holder at least five (5) Trading Days prior written notice along with the calculations as to such Holders allotment. In the event the Company amends the Registration Statement in accordance with the foregoing, the Company will
use its reasonable best efforts to file with the Commission, as promptly as allowed by Commission or Commission Guidance provided to the Company or to registrants of securities in general, one or more registration statements on Form S-3 (or
Form S-1, if Form S-3 is not available) or such other form available to register for resale those Registrable Securities that were not registered for resale on the Initial Registration Statement, as amended.

5

(b) Suspension Periods. Notwithstanding Section 2(a), the Company may, at any
time, delay the filing or delay or suspend the effectiveness of a Registration Statement or, without suspending such effectiveness, deliver a notice (a Suspension Notice) that instructs any selling
Holders not to sell any securities included in the Registration Statement or delay the filing of any amendment or supplement pursuant to Section 3, if the board of directors of the Company has determined and promptly notifies the selling
Holders in writing that in its reasonable good faith judgment (i) pending corporate development with respect to the Company that the Company believes may be material and that, in the determination of the Company, makes it materially
detrimental to the Company to allow continued availability of a Registration Statement or Prospectus or (ii) such registration could reasonably be expected to materially interfere with any material financing, acquisition, corporate
reorganization, merger, tender offer or other significant transaction involving the Company (a Suspension Period), by providing the selling Holders with written notice of such Suspension Period and
the reasons therefor. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to provide such notice at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the commencement of such a Suspension Period; provided, however, that in any event the Company will
provide such notice no later than the commencement of such Suspension Period; provided, further, that in no event will a Suspension Period exceed 30 days and in no event shall the total number of days subject to a Suspension Period during
any consecutive 12 -month period exceed 45 days. Any Suspension Period will not be deemed to end until the Holders have received a notice from the Company stating that such Suspension Period has ended.

(c) Damages. The parties hereto agree
that, subject to Section 2(d), the Holders will suffer damages if the Company fails to fulfill its obligations under this Section 2 and that, in such case, it would not be feasible to ascertain the extent of such damages with precision.
Accordingly, if:

(i) the Company does not file a Registration Statement by the Filing Deadline;

(ii) a Registration Statement is not declared effective by the Commission on or before the applicable Effectiveness
Deadline;

(iii) the Company extends any Suspension Period beyond 45 days during any consecutive 12- month period; or

(iv) a Registration Statement is filed and declared effective but, during the applicable Effectiveness Period, a
Registration Statement is not effective for any reason or the Prospectus contained therein is not available for use for any reason, or, other than by reason of a Suspension Period as provided in Section 2(b), will fail to be usable for its
intended purpose without such disability being cured within ten (10) Business Days by an effective post-effective amendment to such Registration Statement, a supplement to the Prospectus, a report filed with the Commission pursuant to
Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act that cures such failure or the effectiveness of a Subsequent Form S-3, and either (x) the Company fails for any reason to satisfy the requirements of Rule 144(c)(1), including, without
limitation, the failure to satisfy the current public information requirement under Rule 144(c); or (y) the Company fails to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) as a result of which any of the Holders are unable to sell
Registrable Securities without restriction under Rule 144 (including, without limitation, volume restrictions) (each such event referred to in foregoing clauses (i) through (iv), a Registration Default),

then in such event as partial relief for the damages to any Holder by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Registrable Securities and not as a penalty (which remedy will not be exclusive of any other remedies
available at law or equity), the Company hereby agrees to make pro rata payments to each Holder, subject to Section 2(d), as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, an additional amount equal to 0.5% of the aggregate amount invested by
such Holder and sought to be included on the Registration Statement for each 90-day period (or pro rata for any portion thereof) following the occurrence of any Registration Default and shallbe
increased by 0.5% during each subsequent 90-day period (or pro rata for any portion thereof), provided that in no event shall the additional amount per 90-day period exceed 2.0% and in no event shall the aggregate additional amount due
pursuant to this Section 2(c)(iv) exceed 5.0% of the aggregate amount invested by such Holder and sought to be included on the Registration Statement. Such payments shall constitute the Holders exclusive monetary remedy for such events,
but shall not affect the right of the Holders to seek injunctive relief. The amounts payable as liquidated damages pursuant to this paragraph shall be paid monthly within three (3) Business Days of the last day of each month following the
commencement of the payments. Such payments shall be made to each Holder in cash. Interest shall accrue at the rate of 1% per month on any such liquidated damages payments that shall not be paid by the due date until such amount is paid in
full. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Commission informs the Company that all or any portion of the Registrable Securities cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415 or applicable Commission Guidance, be registered for resale
as a secondary offering on a single registration statement, such notice shall not, in and of itself, constitute or serve as the basis for a Registration Default.

6

(d) Holders Agreements. It will be a condition of each Holders rights
under this Agreement, and each Holder agrees, as follows:

(i) Cooperation & Selling Holder Questionnaire. Such Holder will cooperate with the Company by, with
reasonable promptness, supplying information and executing documents relating to such selling Holder or the securities of the Company owned by such selling Holder in connection with such registration which are customary for offerings of
this type or is required by applicable laws or regulations, including but not limited to furnishing to the Company (to the extent not already furnished to the Company) a completed questionnaire in the form attached to this Agreement as
Annex B (a Selling Holder Questionnaire). The Company will not be required to include the Registrable Securities of a Holder in a Registration Statement and will not be required to pay any damages
under Section 2(c) to any Holder who fails to furnish to the Company a fully completed Selling Holder Questionnaire at least five (5) Business Days prior to the applicable Filing Deadline.

(ii)Undertakings. Such selling Holder will enter into any undertakings and take such other action relating to the
conduct of the proposed offering which the Company may reasonably request as being necessary to insure compliance with federal and state securities laws and the rules or other requirements of FINRA.

(iii)Shelf Sales. In connection with and as a condition to the Companys obligations with respect to any shelf
Registration Statement, each Holder covenants and agrees that it will not offer or sell any such Registrable Securities under the Registration Statement until the Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission and such
Holder has provided a written notice to the Company of such proposed sale. The Company and the Holders acknowledge and agree that in no way shall this clause limit Holders ability to sell securities without using the Registration
Statement.

(iv) Discontinuance of Sales. Each Holder agrees by its acquisition of such Registrable Securities that, upon
receipt of a Suspension Notice or a Discontinuance Notice from the Company, such Holder will forthwith discontinue any offers and sales of such Registrable Securities under the Registration Statement until such Holders receipt of the
copies of the supplemented Prospectus and/or amended Registration Statement or until it is advised in writing (the Advice) by the Company that the use of the applicable Prospectus may be resumed,
and, in either case, has received copies of any additional or supplemental filings that are incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus or Registration Statement. The Company and the Holders acknowledge and
agree that in no way shall this clause limit Holders ability to sell securities without using the Registration Statement.

(e) Demand Registration.

(i) Right to Demand Registration. Subject to the other provisions of this Section (2)(e), Holders will have the
right, exercisable no more than two times, upon written notice satisfying the requirements of Section (2)(e)(ii) (a Demand Registration Notice) to the Company by the Majority Holders (such notifying
Majority Holders, the Demanding Notice Holders), to require the Company to register, under the Securities Act, an offering (a Demand Offering) of
Registrable Securities in accordance with this Section 2(e).

(ii) Contents of Demand Registration Notice. Each Demand Registration Notice sent by any Demanding Notice Holder(s)
must include the below information. Each Holder agrees to treat as confidential information, its delivery or receipt of any Demand Registration Notice and the information contained therein, including the related Demand Offering.

(1) the name of, and contact information for, each such Demanding Notice Holder(s) and the number of Registrable Securities held by each such Demanding Notice Holder;

(2) the number of Registrable Securities that are proposed to be sold by each such Demanding Notice Holder; and

(3) the desired structure of the Demand Offering, which may include an Underwritten Offering.

7

(iii) Participation by Holders Other Than the Demanding Notice Holder(s). If the Company receives a Demand
Registration Notice sent by one or more Demanding Notice Holders but not by allHolders, then:

(1) the Company will, within one (1) Business Day, send a copy of such Demand Registration Notice to each Holder other
than such Demanding Notice Holders; and

(2) subject to Section 2(e)(vi), the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to include, in the related
Demand Offering, Registrable Securities of any such Holder that has requested such Registrable Securities to be included in such Demand Offering pursuant to a joinder notice, delivered no later than the first (1st) Business Day after the
date on which Company sent a copy of such Demand Registration Notice pursuant to Section (1) above.

(iv) Certain Procedures Relating to Demand Offering.

(1) Obligations and Rights of the Company. Subject to the other terms of this Agreement, upon its receipt of a
Demand Registration Notice, the Company will (A) designate a Demand Registration Statement, in accordance with the definition of such term and this Section 2(e), for the Demand Offering; and (B) use its reasonable best efforts to effect
such Demand Offering promptly and in accordance with the reasonable requests set forth in such Demand Registration Notice or the reasonable requests of the Holder(s) of a majority of the Registrable Securities included in such Demand
Offering (the Demand Offering Holders), and cooperate in good faith with the Demand Offering Holders in connection therewith. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company
will not be obligated to effect, or take any actions in respect of, any Demand Offering (i) during a Suspension Period or at any time when the securities proposed to be sold pursuant to such Demand Offering are subject to any lock-up
agreement (including pursuant to a prior Demand Offering) that has not been waived or released or (ii) after the Company has already effected one (1) Demand Offering pursuant to this Agreement. The Company will be entitled to rely on the
authority of the Demand Offering Holders of any Demand Offering to act on behalf of all Holders that have requested any securities to be included in such Demand Offering.

(2) Authority of the Demand Offering Holders. The Demand Offering Holders for any Demand Offering will have the
following rights with respect to such Demand Offering, which rights, if exercised, will be deemed to have been exercised on behalf of all Holders that have requested any securities to be included in such Demand Offering:

(A) to determine the structure of the offering, provided such structure is be reasonably acceptable to the Company;

(B) with respect to any Demand Offering that is structured as an Underwritten Offering, to select the managing underwriters, and any other underwriter, subject to the approval of the
Company, which will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed;

(C) with respect to any Demand Offering that is structured as an Underwritten Offering, to negotiate any related
underwriting agreement, including the amount of securities to be sold by the applicable Holders pursuant thereto and the offering price of, and underwriting discount for, such securities; provided, however, that the Company will have the
right to negotiate in good faith all of its representations, warranties and covenants, and indemnification and contribution obligations, set forth in any such underwriting agreement; and

(D) withdraw such Demand Offering by providing notice thereof to the Company.

8

(v)Conditions Precedent to Inclusion of a Holders Registrable Securities. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section
2(e), the right of Holder to include any of its Registrable Securities in a Demand Offering will be subject to the following conditions:

(1) with respect to any Demand Offering that is structured as an Underwritten Offering, the execution and delivery, by such
Holder or it is duly authorized representative or power of attorney, of any related underwriting agreement and such other agreements or instruments (including customary lock-up agreements, custody agreements and powers of attorney), if
any, as may be reasonably requested by the managing underwriters; and

(2) the provision, by such Holder no later than one (1) Business Day immediately after the request therefor, of any
information reasonably requested by the Company or, with respect to any Demand Offering that is structured as an Underwritten Offering, the managing underwriters.

(vi)Priority of Securities in Demand Offering Structured as Underwritten Offering. If the total number of
securities requested to be included in a Demand Offering structured as an Underwritten Offering pursuant to this Section 2(e) exceeds the Maximum Successful Underwritten Offering Size, then:

(1) the number of securities to be included in such Demand Offering will be reduced to an amount that does not exceed the
Maximum Successful Underwritten Offering Size; and

(2) to effect such reduction, if the number of Registrable Securities of Holders and other Persons that have duly
requested such Registrable Securities to be included in such Demand Offering in accordance with this Section 2(e) (or in the case of other Persons, pursuant to piggyback rights evidenced by another agreement) exceeds such Maximum
Successful Underwritten Offering Size, then the number of Registrable Securities to be included in such Demand Offering will be allocated first to the Holders pro rata based on the total number of Registrable Securities so requested by each
such Holder to be included in such Demand Offering and, thereafter to such other Persons.

(vii) Rule 415. The provisions of Sections 2(a)(ii)-(iii) shall apply to this Section 2(e), mutatis mutandis.

(f) Piggyback Registrations.

(i) Right to Piggyback Registration. Without limiting any obligation of the Company, if (i) there is not an effective Registration Statement covering all
of the Registrable Securities, if the Prospectus contained therein is not available for use, and if Rule 144 is not available with respect to the Registrable Securities, and (ii) the Company shall determine to prepare and file with the
Commission a registration statement or offering statement relating to an offering for its own account or the account of others under the Securities Act of any of its equity or equity-linked securities (other than on Form S-4 or Form S-8
(each as promulgated under the Securities Act) or their then equivalents relating to equity or equity-linked securities to be issued solely in connection with any acquisition of any entity or business (or a business combination subject to
Rule 145 under the Securities Act) or equity or equity-linked securities issuable in connection with the Companys stock option or other employee benefit plans), or a dividend reinvestment or similar plan or rights offering, then the
Company shall deliver to each Holder a written notice of such determination and, if within fifteen (15) calendar days after the date of the delivery of such notice, any such Holder shall so request in writing, the Company shall include in
such registration statement or offering statement all or any part of such Registrable Securities that such Holder requests to be registered (a Piggyback Registration). The Company shall, in good
faith, cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such Piggyback Registration and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the managing underwriter or underwriters of a proposed Underwritten Offering in connection with such
Piggyback Registration to permit the Registrable Securities requested by the Holders pursuant to this Section 2(f) to be included in a Piggyback Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company included
in such registration and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All such Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through
an Underwritten Offering under this Section 2(f) shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the Company. The Company may postpone or withdraw the filing or
the effectiveness of a Piggyback Registration at any time in its sole discretion. The Company shall not grant piggyback registration rights to any holders of its Common Stock or securities that are convertible into its Common Stock that are
senior to the rights of the Holders set forth in this Section 2(f). 

9

(ii)Priority of Securities in Underwritten Offerings. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the total number of
securities requested to be included in an Underwritten Offering pursuant to this Section 2(f) exceeds the Maximum Successful Underwritten Offering Size, then: (1) the number of securities to be included in such Underwritten Offering will be
reduced to an amount that does not exceed the Maximum Successful Underwritten Offering Size; and (2) to effect such reduction, if the number of Registrable Securities of Holders and other Persons that have duly requested such Registrable
Securities to be included in such Underwritten Offering in accordance with this Section 2(f) (or in the case of other Persons, pursuant to piggyback rights evidenced by another agreement) exceeds such Maximum Successful Underwritten
Offering Size, then the number of Registrable Securities to be included in such Underwritten Offering willbe allocated first to such other Persons and thereafter to the Holders pro rata based on the
total number of Registrable Securities so requested by each such Holder to be included in such Underwritten Offering.

3. Registration Procedures. In connection with the Companys obligations to effect a registration pursuant to Section 2(a), the Company and, as applicable, the Holders, will do the
following:

(a)FINRA Cooperation. The Company and the Holders will cooperate and assist in any filings required to be made with FINRA.

(b)Right to Review Prior Drafts. Not less than ten (10) Business Days prior to the filing of a Registration Statement or any related
Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, the Company will furnish to each Holder copies of the Selling Securityholders and Plan of Distribution
sections of such documents (together with drafts of the Registration Statement or any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto) in the form in which the Company proposes to file them, which sections and documents will be
subject to the review of each such Holder. Each Holder will provide comments, if any, within five (5) Business Days after the date such materials are provided. The Company will not file a Registration Statement, any Prospectus or any
amendments or supplements thereto in which the Selling Securityholders or the Plan of Distribution sections thereof differ in any material respect from the
disclosure received from a Holder in its Selling Holder Questionnaire (as amended or supplemented) or otherwise differ in any material respect from the drafts previously received by such Holder. Each Holder whose Registrable Securities are
to be sold pursuant to a Demand Offering in accordance with Section 2(e) will be afforded the same rights set forth in this Section 3(b) with respect to any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto which
names such Holder.

(c) Right to Copies. The Company will furnish to each Holder and the managing underwriters, if any, without charge, (i) at least one
(1) conformed copy of each Registration Statement and each amendment thereto and all exhibits to the extent requested by such Holder (excluding those previously furnished or incorporated by reference) promptly after the filing of such
documents with the Commission, except if such documents are available on EDGAR; and (ii) as many copies of each Prospectus or Prospectuses (including each form of prospectus) and each amendment or supplement thereto as such Holder may
reasonably request. The Company hereby consents to the use of such Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto by each of the selling Holders or managing underwriters, as applicable, in connection with the offering and sale of the
Registrable Securities covered by such Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto.

10

(d) Notices. The Company will notify each Holder covered by the Registration Statement as promptly as reasonably practicable: (A) when the Prospectus or any prospectus
supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, and with respect to the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective; (B) of any request by the Commission for any amendments or
supplements to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or for additional information; (C) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the initiation of any
proceedings for that purpose; (D) if, at any time prior to the closing contemplated by the May 2024 Exchange Agreement, the September 2024 Exchange Agreement or the March 2025 Exchange Agreement, as applicable, it becomes aware that the
representations and warranties of the Company contained in such agreement cease to be true and correct; (E) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of the Registrable Securities
for sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose; (F) of the happening of any event which it believes may make any statement made in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any document
incorporated therein by reference untrue, or of any material misstatement or omission, and which requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any document incorporated therein by reference in order to
make the statements therein not misleading; (G) upon the occurrence of a Suspension Period (items (C) through and including (G) being a Discontinuance Notice); and (H) upon the conclusion of a
Suspension Period. In addition, during the pendency of any Demand Offering pursuant to Section 2(e), but other than during a Suspension Period, the Company will provide notice to each Holder whose Registrable Securities are to be sold in
such offering pursuant to the Registration Statement used in connection with the Demand Offering, which Holders will be afforded the same notice set forth in clauses (A) through (H) of this Section 3(d) relating to such Registration
Statement. 

(e) Withdrawal of Suspension Orders. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to respond as promptly as reasonably possible
to any comments received from the Commission with respect to any Registration Statement or any amendment thereto and to obtain the withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the suspension of the
qualification of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, or to prevent any such suspension.

(f) Supplements & Amendments. Subject to Sections 2(a) and 2(e), if required by applicable federal securities laws, based on
the advice of the Companys counsel, the Company will prepare a supplement or post- effective amendment to a Registration Statement, the related Prospectus or any document incorporated therein by reference or file any other required
document or, if necessary, renew or refile a Registration Statement prior to its expiration, so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of the Registrable Securities, (A) the Prospectus will not contain an untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (B) such Registration Statement remains continuously effective as to the applicable Registrable Securities for its applicable
Effectiveness Period; (C) the related Prospectus may be supplemented by any required prospectus supplement, and as so supplemented may be filed pursuant to Rule 424 and (D) the Prospectus will be supplemented, if necessary, to update the
disclosure of the number of shares that each Holder intends to sell, reflecting prior resales in accordance with guidance of the staff of the Commission (as such guidance may be substituted for, amended or supplemented by the staff of the
Commission after the date of this Agreement). Furthermore, subject to a Holders compliance with its obligations under Section 2(d)(i), the Company will take such actions as are required to name such Holder as a selling Holder in a
Registration Statement or any supplement thereto and to include (to the extent not theretofore included) in such Registration Statement the Registrable Securities identified in such Holders Selling Holder Questionnaire.

(g) Listing. The Company will use its best efforts to cause all May 2024 Shares, September 2024 Shares and March 2025 Shares that
constitute Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement to be listed on each securities exchange on which identical securities issued by the Company are then listed if requested by the Holder thereof and, if not so listed,
to be approved for listing on the national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed.

(h) Transfer Agent & Registrar. The Company will provide and cause to be maintained a transfer agent and registrar for all
Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement from and after a date not later than the Effective Date of such Registration Statement.

(i)Certificates. The Company will cooperate with the Holders to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of any certificates
representing Registrable Securities to be delivered to a transferee pursuant to any Registration Statement, which certificates will be free of all restrictive legends, and to enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations
and registered in such names as any such Holders may reasonably request.

(j)CUSIPs. The Company, if necessary, will use its reasonable best efforts to provide a CUSIP number for the Registrable
Securities, not later than the Effective Date of the Registration Statement.

(k)Legal Counsel. Holders will have the right to select one legal counsel, at the Companys reasonable expense pursuant to Section
4, to review any Registration Statement or Prospectus prepared pursuant to Section 2 or this Section 3, which will be such counsel as designated by the Majority Holders. The Company will reasonably cooperate with such legal counsels
reasonable requests in performing their obligations under this Agreement.

11

(l) Blue Sky. If at any time the Registrable Securities are not Covered Securities within the meaning of Rule 146 of the
Securities Act, the Company will, prior to any public offering of Registrable Securities, use its reasonable best efforts to register or qualify or cooperate with the selling Holders, in connection with the registration or qualification (or
exemption from such registration or qualification) of such Registrable Securities for offer and sale under the securities or blue sky laws (Blue Sky) of all jurisdictions within the United States
that the selling Holders request in writing be covered, to keep each such registration or qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective during the applicable Effectiveness Period and to do any and all other acts or things necessary or
advisable to enable the disposition in such jurisdictions of the Registrable Securities covered by any Registration Statement; provided, that the Company will not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it
is not then so qualified or to become subject to any material tax in any such jurisdiction where it is not then so subject.

(m) Subsequent Form S-3. If, at the time of filing of a Registration Statement, the Company is not eligible to use Form S-3 for
transactions involving secondary offerings and the Company is not otherwise eligible to incorporate by reference prospectively into such Registration Statement, then at such time as the Company becomes eligible to register transactions
involving secondary offerings on Form S-3, the Company may, in its sole discretion, file in accordance with the procedures outlined in this Section 3, including but not limited to all required notices to the Holders, an additional
Registration Statement on Form S-3 to cover resales pursuant to Rule 415 of the Registrable Securities (a Subsequent Form S-3), and, when such Subsequent Form S-3 has been filed with the Commission,
the Company may, concurrently with its filing of a request for acceleration of effectiveness of such Subsequent Form S-3, withdraw or terminate the original Registration Statement; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 3(m) will
be interpreted to limit the Companys obligations pursuant to Section 2(a).

4. Registration Expenses.

All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with this Agreement by the Company will be borne by the Company whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to
a Registration Statement including, without limitation: (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses (A) with respect to filings required to be made with any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is
then listed for trading, (B) related to compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws and (C) incurred in connection with the preparation or submission of any filing with FINRA); (ii) printing expenses (including, without
limitation, expenses of printing certificates for Registrable Securities and of printing Prospectuses); (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses; (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company and counsel pursuant to Section
3(k); (v) Securities Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance; (vi) fees and expenses of all other Persons retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and (vii) all of the Companys own internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees
performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder; provided, however, that
each selling Holder will pay (i) all underwriting discounts, commissions, fees and expenses and all transfer taxes with respect to the Registrable Securities sold by such selling Holder; (ii) any fees and expenses of legal counsel other than
the counsel selected pursuant to Section 3(k) and (iii) all other expenses incurred by such selling Holder and incidental to the sale and delivery of the shares to be sold by such Holder.

5. Indemnification.

12

(a) Indemnification by the Company. The Company will, notwithstanding any termination of this
Agreement, indemnify and hold harmless each Holder, the officers, directors, partners, members and shareholders of each Holder and each Person who controls any Holder (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of
the Exchange Act) and the directors and officers of any such controlling Persons, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation,
reasonable costs of preparation and reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively, Losses), as incurred, arising out of or based upon, in the case of the Registration Statement or in any
amendments thereto, any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained therein or any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein to make the statements not misleading, or in
the case of any Prospectus or form of prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto, or in any preliminary prospectus, any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained therein or any omission or alleged omission
to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that such
untrue statements or omissions (1) are made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of any Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement, or to the extent that such
information relates to such Holder or such Holders proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and approved in writing by such Holder for use in the Registration Statement, such Prospectus or such form of
Prospectus (it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of any Holder consists of the information described in Annex A hereto, as may be amended in accordance with the provisions of
this Agreement, for this purpose) or (2) resulted from the use by any Holder of an outdated or defective Prospectus after the Company has notified such Holder in writing that such Prospectus is outdated or defective and prior to the receipt
by such Holder of an Advice or an amended or supplemented Prospectus, but only if and to the extent that following the receipt of the Advice or the amended or supplemented Prospectus the misstatement or omission giving rise to such Loss
would have been corrected.

(b) Indemnification by Holders. Each
Holder will, severally and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, officers, partners, members and shareholders and each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or
Section 20 of the Exchange Act) and the directors and officers of such controlling Person, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law from and against all Losses, as incurred, arising solely out of or based upon, in the
case of the Registration Statement or in any amendments thereto, any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained therein or any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein
to make the statements not misleading, or in the case of any Prospectus or form of prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto, or in any preliminary prospectus, any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained
therein or any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading to the extent,
but only to the extent, that such untrue statements or omissions (1) are made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of any Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement
or Prospectus, or to the extent that such information relates to such Holder or such Holders proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and approved in writing by such Holder for use in the Registration
Statement or Prospectus (it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of any Holder consists of the information described in Annex A hereto, as may be amended in accordance with the
provisions of this Agreement, for this purpose) or (2) resulted from the use by such Holder of an outdated or defective Prospectus after the Company has notified such Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated or defective and prior
to the receipt by such Holder of an Advice or an amended or supplemented Prospectus, but only if and to the extent that following the receipt of the Advice or the amended or supplemented Prospectus the misstatement or omission giving rise
to such Loss would have been corrected; provided, however, that the obligation to indemnify will be several and not joint and in no event will the liability of any selling Holder hereunder be greater in amount than the do lar amount of the net proceeds received by any such selling Holder upon the sale of the Registrable Securities under the Registration Statement giving rise to such indemnification obligation.

(c) Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings.
In order for a Person (the Indemnified Party) to be entitled to any indemnification provided for under this Agreement in respect of, arising out of or involving a claim or demand made by any Person
against the Indemnified Party (a Claim), such Indemnified Party must notify the indemnifying party (Indemnifying Party) in writing, and in reasonable
detail, of the Claim as promptly as reasonably possible after receipt by such Indemnified Party of notice of the Claim; provided, however, that failure to give such notification on a timely basis shall not affect the indemnification
provided hereunder except to the extent the Indemnifying Party shall have been actually materially prejudiced as a result of such failure . Thereafter, the Indemnified Party shall deliver to the Indemnifying Party, promptly after the
Indemnified Partys receipt thereof, copies of all notices and documents (including court filings and related papers) received by the Indemnified Party relating to the Claim.

13

If a Claim is made against an Indemnified Party, the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to participate in the defense thereof and, if it so chooses and acknowledges its obligation in writing
to indemnify the Indemnified Party therefor, to assume at its cost the defense thereof with counsel selected by the Indemnifying Party and reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and to settle such suit, action, claim or proceeding in
its discretion with an unconditional full release of the Indemnified Party and no admission of fault, liability, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of the Indemnified Party. Notwithstanding any acknowledgment made pursuant to the
immediately preceding sentence, the Indemnifying Party shall continue to be entitled to assert any limitation to the amount of Losses for which the Indemnifying Party is responsible pursuant to its indemnification obligations. Should the
Indemnifying Party so elect to assume the defense of a Claim, the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable to the Indemnified Party for legal expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnified Party in connection with the defense thereof unless
(i) the Indemnifying Party has materially failed to defend, contest or otherwise protest in a timely manner against Claims or (ii) such Indemnified Party reasonably objects to such assumption on the grounds that there are defenses available to
it which are different from or in addition to the defenses available to such Indemnifying Party and, as a result, a conflict of interest exists. Subject to the limitations in the preceding sentence, if the Indemnifying Party assumes such
defense, the Indemnified Party shall have the right to participate in the defense thereof and to employ counsel, at its own expense, separate from the counsel employed by the Indemnifying Party, it being understood, however, that the
Indemnifying Party shall control such defense. The Indemnifying Party shall be liable for the fees and expenses of counsel employed by the Indemnified Party for any period during which the Indemnifying Party has not assumed the defense thereof.
If the Indemnifying Party chooses to defend any Claim, all the parties hereto shall cooperate in the defense or prosecution of such Claim. Such cooperation shall include the retention and (upon the Indemnifying Partys request) the provision to
the Indemnifying Party of records and information which are reasonably relevant to such Claim, and making employees available on a mutually convenient basis to provide additional information and explanation of any material provided hereunder.
Whether or not the Indemnifying Party shall have assumed the defense of a Claim, the Indemnified Party shall not admit any liability with respect to, or settle, compromise or discharge, such Claim without the Indemnifying Partys prior written
consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). 

The obligations of the Company and the Holders under this Section 5 shall survive completion of any offering of Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement and the termination
of this Agreement. The Indemnifying Partys liability to any such Indemnified Party hereunder shall not be extinguished solely because any other Indemnified Party is not entitled to indemnity hereunder.

(d) Contribution. If a claim for indemnification under Section 5(a) or 5(b) is unavailable to an Indemnified
Party (by reason of public policy or otherwise), then each Indemnifying Party, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Party, will contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such Losses, in such
proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable
considerations. The relative fault of such Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party will be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by, such Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and
opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses will be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 5(c), any reasonable attorneys
or other reasonable fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any Proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in Section 5(a) or 5(b) was
available to such party in accordance with its terms. The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 5 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation
that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 5. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5, no Holder will be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by
which the proceeds actually received by such Holder from the sale of the Registrable Securities subject to the Proceeding exceeds the amount of any damages that such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or
alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No Person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any Person who was not guilty of
such fraudulent misrepresentation.

(e) Other. The indemnity and
contribution agreements contained in this Section 5 are in addition to any liability that the Indemnifying Parties may have to the Indemnified Parties.

6. Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices. All notices or other communications hereunder will be in writing
and will be given by (i) personal delivery, (ii) courier or other delivery service which obtains a receipt evidencing delivery, (iii) registered or certified mail (postage prepaid and return receipt requested) or (iv) facsimile or similar
electronic device, to such address as may be designated from time to time by the relevant party, and which will initially be:

14

(i) in the case of the Company: 

Venus Concept Inc.

235 Yorkland Blvd., Suite 900 

Toronto, Ontario, Canada M2J 

4Y8

Attn: Chief Legal Officer & Head of Strategy & Operations

Email: 

With a copy to:

Dorsey & Whitney LLP 

TD Bank Tower

66 Wellington Street West, Suite 3400 

Toronto, ON M5K 1E6

Attn: Richard Raymer

Email: 

(ii) in the case of each Madryn Party, to the address described on their respective signature page to the March 2025 Exchange Agreement.

Notices to Holders shall be provided to the address specified on such Holders Selling Holder Questionnaire. All notices and other communications will be deemed to have been given (i) if
delivered by the United States mail, three (3) Business Days after mailing (five (5) Business Days if delivered to an address outside of the United States), (ii) if delivered by a courier or other delivery service, one (1) Business Day after
dispatch (two (2) Business Days if delivered to an address outside of the United States) and (iii) if personally delivered or sent by facsimile or similar electronic device, upon receipt by the recipient or its agent or employee (which, in the
case of a notice sent by facsimile or similar electronic device, will be the time and date indicated on the transmission confirmation receipt). No objection may be made by a party to the manner of delivery of any notice actually received in
writing by an authorized agent of such party.

(b) Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Trial; Etc.. This Agreement shall be governed by, and
construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for the
adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is
not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service will
constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein will be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Each party hereby irrevocably waives any right it
may have, and agrees not to request, a jury trial for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection with or arising out of this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby.

(c) Remedies. In the event of a
breach by the Company of its obligations under this Agreement, each Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under
this Agreement. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of any of the provisions of this Agreement and hereby waives the defense in any action for
specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(d) Entire Agreement; Amendment and Restatement. This Agreement and any documents
referred to herein or executed contemporaneously herewith constitute the parties entire agreement with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all agreements, representations, warranties, statements, promises and understandings,
whether oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Prior Agreement is hereby amended in its entirety and restated as set forth herein, and all provisions of, rights
granted and covenants made in the Prior Agreement are hereby superseded in their entirety.

15

(e) Amendments. This Agreement may be amended, altered or modified only by a
writing signed by the Company and the Majority Holders.

(f) Additional Documents. Each party
hereto agrees to execute any and all further documents and writings and to perform such other actions which may be or become necessary or expedient to effectuate and carry out this Agreement.

(g) Third-Party Beneficiaries. None of
the provisions of this Agreement will be for the benefit of, or enforceable by, any third-party beneficiary, except with respect to the Holders.

(h) 
Successors and Assigns. Except as provided herein to the contrary, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, their respective successors and permitted assigns.

(i) Waivers Strictly Construed. With
regard to any power, remedy or right provided herein or otherwise available to any party hereunder (a) no waiver or extension of time will be effective unless expressly contained in a writing signed by the waiving party and (b) no
alteration, modification or impairment will be implied by reason of any previous waiver, extension of time, delay or omission in exercise, or other indulgence.

(j) Severability. The validity,
legality or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement will not be affected even if one or more of the provisions of this Agreement will be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect.

(k) Attorneys Fees. Should any litigation be commenced (including any
proceedings in a bankruptcy court) between the parties hereto or their representatives concerning any provision of this Agreement or the rights and duties of any Person hereunder, the party or parties prevailing in such proceeding will be
entitled, in addition to such other relief as may be granted, to the attorneys fees and court costs incurred by reason of such litigation.

(l) Headings. The Section headings in this Agreement are inserted only as a
matter of convenience, and in no way define, limit, extend or interpret the scope of this Agreement or of any particular Section.

(m) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more
counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank, Signature Pages to Follow]

16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Second Amended and Restated Resale Registration Rights Agreement as of the date
first written above

VENUS CONCEPT INC.

By: 

/s/Rajiv De Silva 

Name: Rajiv De Silva

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Second Amended and Restated Resale Registration Rights Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Second Amended and Restated Resale Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

MADRYN PARTIES:

MADRYN HEALTH PARTNERS, LP

By: 

MADRYN HEALTH ADVISORS, LP,

its General Partner

By: 

MADRYN HEALTH ADVISORS GP, LLC,

its General Partner

By: 

/s/ Avinash Amin

Name: Avinash Amin

Title: Member

MADRYN HEALTH PARTNERS (CAYMAN MASTER), LP

By: 

MADRYN HEALTH ADVISORS, LP,

its General Partner

By: 

MADRYN HEALTH ADVISORS GP, LLC,

its General Partner

By: 

/s/ Avinash Amin

Name: Avinash Amin

Title: Member

[Second Amended and Restated Resale Registration Rights Agreement]

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ef20046756_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Venus Concept Announces $11 million Debt-to-Equity Exchange Transaction

Continued improvement of the Companys financial position through additional reduction of outstanding debt by Madryn Asset Management

TORONTO, April 1, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Venus Concept Inc. (Venus Concept or the Company) (NASDAQ: VERO), a global medical aesthetic technology leader, announced
today that, on March 31, 2025, the Company exchanged $11.0 million of its subordinated convertible notes held by affiliates of Madryn Asset Management, LP (Madryn) for 379,311 shares of its Series Y preferred stock. Following the transaction, the
Company had total debt obligations of approximately $35.5 million, down 54% from $76.7 million outstanding as of March 31, 2024, and down 11% from $39.7 million outstanding as of December 31, 2024.

Yesterdays transaction builds upon our on-going efforts to optimize the capital structure of the company, with an additional debt exchange that further reduces our
debt balance, said Rajiv De Silva, Chief Executive Officer of Venus Concept. This creates additional flexibility in our balance sheet as we continue the journey towards sustained, long-term growth and profitability. The transaction could not have
been accomplished without Madryns continued commitment to the partnership with Venus.

We believe Venus has improved the business operationally through its
transformation plan and the debt conversion reflects our support of the Companys journey, said Avinash Amin, MD, Managing Partner at Madryn Asset Management, LP. We look forward to the next phase of the Companys evolution with the strengthened
balance sheet and new product roadmap.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This communication contains forward-looking statements statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Any statements contained herein that are not of historical facts may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify these statements by words such as such as
anticipates, believes, plans, expects, projects, future, intends, may, should, could, estimates, predicts, potential, and other similar expressions that are predictions of or indicate future events and future trends. These
forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about our business and the industry in which we operate, as well as management's beliefs and assumptions, and are not guarantees of future performance or
developments and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that are in some cases beyond our control. As a result, any or all of our forward-looking statements in this communication may turn out to be inaccurate. Factors that
could materially affect our business operations and financial performance and condition include, but are not limited to, the Companys ability to achieve its strategic goals and return to profitability, as well as those risks and uncertainties
described under Part I Item 1ARisk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. Readers are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this communication. Unless required by law, we do not intend to publicly update or revise any
forward-looking statements to reflect new information or future events or otherwise.

About Venus Concept

Venus Concept is an innovative global medical aesthetic technology leader with a broad product portfolio of minimally invasive and non-invasive medical aesthetic and
hair restoration technologies and reaches over 60 countries and 10 direct markets. Venus Concept's product portfolio consists of aesthetic device platforms, including Venus Versa, Venus Versa PRO, Venus Legacy, Venus Velocity, Venus Viva, Venus Glow,
Venus Bliss, Venus Bliss MAX, Venus Epileve, Venus Viva MD and AI.ME. Venus Concept's hair restoration systems include NeoGraft and the ARTAS iX Robotic Hair Restoration system. Venus Concept has been backed by leading
healthcare industry growth equity investors including EW Healthcare Partners (formerly Essex Woodlands), HealthQuest Capital, Longitude Capital Management, Aperture Venture Partners, Masters Special Situations, and Madryn Asset Management, L.P.

Investor Relations Contact:

ICR Westwicke on behalf of Venus Concept:

Mike Piccinino, CFA

VenusConceptIR@westwicke.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>vero-20250331.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>vero-20250331_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>vero-20250331_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>image00002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>image00003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>image00004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>image00005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>image00006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>image00007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>image00008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>image00009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 31, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 31, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-38238

Entity Registrant Name VENUS CONCEPT INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001409269

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 06-1681204

Entity Address, Address Line One 235 Yorkland Blvd

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 900

Entity Address, City or Town Toronto

Entity Address, State or Province ON

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code M2J 4Y8

City Area Code 877

Local Phone Number 848-8430

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol VERO

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://venusconcept.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ef20046756_8k.htm 
vero-20250331.xsd 
vero-20250331_lab.xml 
vero-20250331_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-011679-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>ef20046756_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001409269 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

false 
--12-31 
0001409269 
NASDAQ 
8-K 
2025-03-31 
VENUS CONCEPT INC. 
DE 
001-38238 
06-1681204 
235 Yorkland Blvd 
Suite 900 
Toronto 
ON 
M2J 4Y8 
877 
848-8430 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
VERO 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>