<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-010937.txt : 20250210
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-010937.hdr.sgml : 20250210
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250210160608
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-010937
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250204
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250210
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250210

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FARMER BROTHERS CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000034563
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FOOD PREPARATIONS & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2090]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				950725980
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34249
		FILM NUMBER:		25605779

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14501 N. FREEWAY
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76177
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888 998 2468

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 77057
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76177
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm255784d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--06-300000034563FARMER BROTHERS CO00000345632025-02-042025-02-04iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE 

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 4, 2025

Farmer Bros. Co.

(Exact Name
of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 001-34249 95-0725980

(State
or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission 

File Number) (I.R.S.
Employer 

Identification No.)

14501 N Fwy, Fort Worth, Texas76177

(Address of Principal
Executive Offices)(Zip Code)

682549-6600

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including
Area Code)

None

(Former Address, if Changed Since Last
Report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant
under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class Trading 

Symbol(s) Name
of Each Exchange on Which

Registered

Common Stock, $1.00 par value FARM Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On February 5, 2025, the Board of Directorts
(the Board) of Farmer Bros. Co., a Delaware corporation (the Company), approved and adopted the Second Amended
and Restated Bylaws of the Company (the Second Amended and Restated Bylaws), which became effective immediately. Among other
things, Second Amended and Restated Bylaws added a new Section 7.5(b) to Article 7, which provides that, unless the Company
consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the
exclusive forum for the resolution of any action asserting a claim arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, against any person
or entity in connection with any offering of the Companys securities.

The foregoing description of the Second Amended
and Restated Bylaws does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Second Amended
and Restated Bylaws, which are filed as Exhibit 3.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.07. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

At the Annual Meeting of
Stockholders of the Company held on February 4, 2025 (the Annual Meeting), the stockholders of the Company:
(i) elected Shaun Mara, John E. Moore III, David A. Pace, Terence C. OBrien, Bradley L. Radoff and Waheed Zaman to serve
as directors of the Company for a one-year term of office expiring at the annual meeting for the fiscal year ending June 30,
2025 and until their successors are elected and duly qualified; (ii) ratified the selection of Grant Thornton LLP (Grant
Thornton) as the Companys independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024;
(iii) approved, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation paid to the Companys named executive officers; and
(iv) approved, on an advisory basis, one year as the frequency of future stockholder advisory votes to approve the compensation
paid to the Companys named executive officers.

As of the close of business
on December 19, 2024, the record date for the Annual Meeting, there were 21,351,396 shares of Common Stock, par value $1.00 per share
(Common Stock), outstanding, with each share of Common Stock entitled to one vote. The holders of 17,454,605 shares of Common
Stock were present in person or represented by proxy during the Annual Meeting.

Set forth below, with respect
to each such proposal, are the number of votes cast for, against, withheld or number of abstentions and number of broker non-votes.

Proposal No. 1 
To elect six directors to the Board for a term of office expiring at the Companys 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until
their successors are elected and duly qualified:

DIRECTOR NOMINEE FOR WITHHOLD BROKER NON-VOTES

Shaun Mara 10,043,171 1,820,423 5,591,011

John E. Moore III 10,877,133 986,461 5,591,011

David A. Pace 10,645,786 1,217,808 5,591,011

Terence C. OBrien 9,395,052 2,468,542 5,591,011

Bradley L. Radoff 8,901,649 2,961,945 5,591,011

Waheed Zaman 10,370,633 1,492,961 5,591,011

Proposal No. 2 
To ratify the selection of Grant Thornton as the Companys independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 2025:

FOR AGAINST ABSTAIN BROKER NON-VOTES

16,910,025 512,067 32,513 -

Proposal No. 3 To hold
an advisory (non-binding) vote to approve the compensation paid to the Companys named executive officers:

FOR AGAINST ABSTAIN BROKER NON-VOTES

10,176,156 1,525,624 161,814 5,591,011

Proposal No. 4 To hold
an advisory (non-binding) vote on the frequency of future stockholder advisory votes to approve the compensation paid to the Companys
named executive officers:

ONE YEAR TWO YEARS THREE YEARS ABSTAIN BROKER NON-VOTES

10,511,114 236,886 507,724 607,870 5,591,011

As provided in Item 5.07(d) of Form 8-K,
in light of these results, and consistent with the Boards recommendation, the Company will continue to hold future advisory votes
to approve the compensation paid to the Companys named executive officers on an annual basis, until such time that the frequency
vote is next presented to stockholders or until the Board determines otherwise.

Item 9.01 Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

3.1 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Farmer Bros. Co., effective February 5, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded in the cover page formatted in Inline XBRL)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: February 10, 2025

FARMER BROS. CO.

By: /s/ Jared Vitemb

Jared Vitemb

VP, General Counsel, Secretary and Chief 

Compliance
Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm255784d1_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

OF

FARMER BROS. CO.

A DELAWARE CORPORATION

(AS AMENDED THROUGH FEBRUARY 5, 2025)

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Article 1.
OFFICES 1

1.1. Registered Office 1

1.2. Other Offices 1

Article 2.
MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 1

2.1. Place of Meetings 1

2.2. Annual Meeting 1

2.3. Nature of Business at Meetings of Stockholders 1

2.4. Nomination of Directors 3

2.5. Special Meetings 5

2.6. Notice 5

2.7. Adjournments 5

2.8. Quorum 5

2.9. Voting 6

2.10. Proxies 6

2.11. List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote 6

2.12. Record Date 6

2.13. Stock Ledger 7

2.14. Conduct of Meetings 7

2.15. Inspectors of Election 7

Article 3.
DIRECTORS 7

3.1. Number and Election of Directors 7

3.2. Vacancies 7

3.3. Duties and Powers 8

3.4. Meetings 8

3.5. Organization 8

3.6. Resignations and Removals of Directors 8

3.7. Quorum 8

3.8. Actions of the Board by Consent 8

3.9. Meetings by Means of Conference Telephone 9

3.10. Committees 9

3.11. Interested Directors 9

Article 4.
OFFICERS 9

4.1. General 9

i

4.2. Election 10

4.3. Voting Securities Owned by the Corporation 10

4.4. Chairman of the Board of Directors 10

4.5. Chief Executive Officer 10

4.6. President 10

4.7. Vice Presidents 11

4.8. Secretary 11

4.9. Treasurer 11

4.10. Assistant Secretaries 11

4.11. Assistant Treasurers 12

4.12. Other Officers 12

4.13. Execution of Corporate Instruments 12

Article 5.
STOCK 12

5.1. Form of Certificate 12

5.2. Signatures 12

5.3. Lost Certificates 12

5.4. Transfers 13

5.5. Dividend Record Date 13

5.6. Record Owners 13

5.7. Transfer and Registry Agents 13

Article 6.
NOTICES 13

6.1. Notices 13

6.2. Waivers of Notice 13

Article 7.
GENERAL PROVISIONS 14

7.1. Dividends 14

7.2. Disbursements 14

7.3. Fiscal Year 14

7.4. Corporate Seal 14

7.5. Forum for Certain Actions 14

Article 8.
INDEMNIFICATION 15

8.1. Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings other than Those by or in the Right of the Corporation 15

8.2. Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation 15

8.3. Authorization of Indemnification 16

8.4. Good Faith Defined 16

8.5. Indemnification by a Court 16

8.6. Expenses Payable in Advance 16

ii

8.7. Nonexclusivity of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses 17

8.8. Insurance 17

8.9. Certain Definitions 17

8.10. Survival of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses 17

8.11. Limitation on Indemnification 17

8.12. Indemnification of Employees and Agents 18

Article 9.
AMENDMENTS 18

9.1. Amendments 18

9.2. Entire Board of Directors 18

iii

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

OF

FARMER BROS. CO.

A DELAWARE CORPORATION

(hereinafter called the Corporation)

Article 1.

OFFICES

1.1. Registered
Office. The registered office of the Corporation shall be as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation.

1.2.Other
Offices. The Corporation may also have offices at such other places, both within and without the State of Delaware, as the Board
of Directors may from time to time determine.

Article 2.

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

2.1.Place
of Meetings. Meetings of the stockholders for the election of directors or for any other purpose shall be held at such time and place,
if any, either within or without the State of Delaware, as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors.

2.2.Annual
Meeting. The Annual Meeting of Stockholders for the election of directors shall be held on such date and at such time as shall be
designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. Any other proper business may be transacted at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
The Corporation may postpone, reschedule or cancel any annual meeting of stockholders previously scheduled by the Board of Directors.

2.3.Nature
of Business at Meetings of Stockholders. No business may be transacted at an Annual Meeting of Stockholders, other than business
that is either (a) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors
(or any duly authorized committee thereof), (b) otherwise properly brought before the Annual Meeting by or at the direction of the
Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof), or (c) otherwise properly brought before the Annual Meeting by any
stockholder of the Corporation (i) who is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 2.3
and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such Annual Meeting and (ii) who
complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.3.

In addition to any other
applicable requirements, for business to be properly brought before an Annual Meeting by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given
timely notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary of the Corporation.

To be timely, a stockholders
notice to the Secretary must be delivered to the principal executive offices of the Corporation not less than ninety (90) days nor more
than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding Annual Meeting of Stockholders; provided,
however, that in the event that the Annual Meeting is called for a date that is more than thirty (30) days before or more than
sixty (60) days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder in order to be timely must be so received not later than the close
of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which such notice of the date of the Annual Meeting was given or such public
announcement of the date of the Annual Meeting was made, whichever first occurs. In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment
or postponement of a meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholders notice as
described in this Section 2.3 or Section 2.4. For purposes of this Section 2.3 and Section 2.4,
public announcement shall include disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press
or other national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant
to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act),
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

1

To be in proper written form,
a stockholders notice to the Secretary must set forth as to each matter such stockholder proposes to bring before the Annual Meeting
(i) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the Annual Meeting, the text of the proposal or business (including
the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend these Bylaws,
the language of the proposed amendment), the reasons for conducting such business at the Annual Meeting and any material interest in
such business of such stockholder and any Stockholder Associated Person (as defined below), (ii) the name and record address of
such stockholder and of such Stockholder Associated Person, (iii) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the
Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such stockholder and such Stockholder Associated Person, including any shares
of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation as to which such stockholder and such Stockholder Associated Person has a
right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time in the future, (iv) a description of all arrangements or understandings between
or among such stockholder, such Stockholder Associated Person and/or any other person or persons (including their names) in connection
with the proposal of such business by such stockholder and any material interest of such stockholder and such Stockholder Associated
Person in such business, (v) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any derivative or short positions,
profit interests, options, warrants, convertible securities, stock appreciation or similar rights, hedging transactions, and borrowed
or loaned shares) that has been entered into as of the date of the stockholders notice by, or on behalf of, such stockholder and
such Stockholder Associated Person, whether or not such instrument or right shall be subject to settlement in underlying shares of capital
stock of the Corporation, the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, manage risk or benefit of share price changes for, or
increase or decrease the voting power of, such stockholder or such Stockholder Associated Person, with respect to securities of the Corporation,
(vi) a representation that such stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting
and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the Annual Meeting to bring such business before the meeting, (vii) a representation
whether such stockholder or such Stockholder Associated Person intends or is part of a group which intends (A) to deliver a proxy
statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporations outstanding capital stock required to
approve or adopt the proposal or (B) otherwise to solicit proxies or votes from stockholders in support of such proposal and (viii) any
other information relating to such stockholder and Stockholder Associated Person, if any, required to be disclosed in a proxy statement
or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for the proposal pursuant to and in accordance with
Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

No business shall be conducted
at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders except business brought before the Annual Meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in
this Section 2.3. Nothing in this Section 2.3 shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request
inclusion of proposals other than nominations in the Corporations proxy statement pursuant to applicable rules and regulations
promulgated under the Exchange Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.3, unless otherwise required
by law, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the Annual Meeting to present proposed
business, such proposed business shall not be transacted notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received
by the Corporation. For purposes of this Section 2.3 and Section 2.4, to be considered a qualified representative
of the stockholder, a person must be a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of such stockholder or must be authorized by a writing
executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the
meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing
or electronic transmission, at the meeting of stockholders. If the chairman of an Annual Meeting (or the Board of Directors in advance
of an Annual Meeting) determines that business was not properly brought before the Annual Meeting in accordance with the foregoing procedures
(including as a result of the stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made, soliciting
(or being part of a group which solicited) or failing to solicit, as the case may be, proxies or votes in support of such stockholders
proposal in compliance with such stockholders representations as required by clause (vii) of this Section 2.3),
the chairman shall declare to the meeting (or Board of Directors shall declare in advance of the meeting) that the business was not properly
brought before the meeting and such business shall not be transacted.

2

2.4.Nomination
of Directors. Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the following procedures shall be eligible for election as directors
of the Corporation, except as may be otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation with respect to the right of holders of preferred
stock of the Corporation to nominate and elect a specified number of directors in certain circumstances. Nominations of persons for election
to the Board of Directors may be made at any Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or at any Special Meeting of Stockholders called for the
purpose of electing directors, (a) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof) or
(b) by any stockholder of the Corporation (i) who is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice provided
for in this Section 2.4 and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at
such meeting and (ii) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.4.

In addition to any other
applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper
written form to the Secretary of the Corporation.

To be timely, a stockholders
notice to the Secretary must be delivered to the principal executive offices of the Corporation (a) in the case of an Annual Meeting,
not less than ninety (90) days nor more than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding
Annual Meeting of Stockholders; provided, however, that in the event that the Annual Meeting is called for a date that
is more than thirty (30) days before or more than sixty (60) days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder in order to
be timely must be so received not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which such notice of
the date of the Annual Meeting was given or such public announcement of the date of the Annual Meeting was made, whichever first occurs;
and (b) in the case of a Special Meeting of Stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, not later than the close
of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which notice of the date of the Special Meeting was given or public announcement
of the date of the Special Meeting was made, whichever first occurs. The number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at
a meeting (or in the case of one or more stockholders giving the notice on behalf of a beneficial owner, the number of nominees such
stockholders may collectively nominate for election at the annual meeting on behalf of such beneficial owner) shall not exceed the number
of directors to be elected at such meeting.

3

To be in proper written form,
a stockholders notice to the Secretary must set forth (a) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for
election as a director (i) the name, age, business address and residence address of the person, (ii) the principal occupation
or employment of the person, (iii) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned
beneficially or of record by the person and (iv) any other information relating to the person that would be required to be disclosed
in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant
to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; and (b) as to the stockholder
giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made, any of their respective affiliates or associates,
any others acting in concert with any of the foregoing (each of the foregoing, a Stockholder Associated Person)
(i) the name and address of such stockholder and such Stockholder Associated Person, (ii) the class or series and number of
shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such stockholder and such Stockholder Associated
Person, including any shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation as to which such stockholder and/or such Stockholder
Associated Person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time in the future, (iii) a description of all arrangements
or understandings between or among such stockholder, such Stockholder Associated Person, each proposed nominee and/or any other person
or persons (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are to be made by such stockholder, (iv) a description
of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any derivative or short positions, profit interests, options, warrants, convertible
securities, stock appreciation or similar rights, hedging transactions, and borrowed or loaned shares) that has been entered into as
of the date of the stockholders notice by, or on behalf of, such stockholder and such Stockholder Associated Person, whether or
not such instrument or right shall be subject to settlement in underlying shares of capital stock of the Corporation, the effect or intent
of which is to mitigate loss to, manage risk or benefit of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power of, such
stockholder or such Stockholder Associated Person, with respect to securities of the Corporation, (v) a representation that such
stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the persons named in its notice, (vi) a representation
whether such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person intends or is part of a group which intends (A) to deliver a proxy
statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporations outstanding capital stock required to
elect the nominee, (B) otherwise to solicit proxies or votes from stockholders in support of such nomination, or (C) to solicit
proxies in support of any proposed nominee in accordance with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act and (vii) any
other information relating to such stockholder that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required
to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Such notice must be accompanied by a written consent of each proposed nominee
to being named in the Corporations proxy statement and accompanying proxy card as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected.
The Corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as the Corporation may reasonably require to determine
the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation.

No person shall be eligible
for election as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.4.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.4, unless otherwise required by law, if the stockholder (or a
qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present
a nomination, such nomination shall be disregarded notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the
Corporation.

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in these Bylaws, unless otherwise required by law, if any stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person (A) provides
notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act with respect to any proposed nominee and (B) subsequently
fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) or Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act
(or fails to timely provide reasonable evidence sufficient to satisfy the Corporation that such stockholder has met the requirements
of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act in accordance with the following sentence), then the nomination of
each such proposed nominee shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies or votes in respect of the election of such proposed nominees
may have been received by the Corporation (which proxies and votes shall be disregarded). Upon request by the Corporation, if any stockholder
or Stockholder Associated Person provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act, such stockholder
shall deliver to the Corporation, no later than five (5) business days prior to the applicable meeting, reasonable evidence that
it or such Stockholder Associated Person has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act.

4

If the chairman of the meeting
(or the Board of Directors in advance of the meeting) determines that a nomination was not made in accordance with the foregoing procedures
(including as a result of the stockholder or beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made, soliciting
(or being part of a group which solicited) or failing to solicit, as the case may be, proxies or votes in support of such stockholders
nominee in compliance with such stockholders representations as required by clause (b)(vi) of this Section 2.4),
the chairman shall declare to the meeting (or the Board of Directors shall declare in advance of the meeting) that the nomination was
defective and such defective nomination shall be disregarded.

Any stockholder directly
or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders must use a proxy card color other than white. The white proxy card shall be
reserved for the exclusive use by the Board of Directors.

2.5.Special
Meetings. Unless otherwise required by law or by the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, as amended and restated from
time to time (the Certificate of Incorporation), Special Meetings of Stockholders, for any purpose or purposes,
may be called by either (i) the Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, (ii) the Chief Executive Officer, (iii) the
President or (iv) the Board of Directors. At a Special Meeting of Stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall be
specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto).

2.6.Notice.
Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a notice of the meeting shall be given which shall state
the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders
may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at
the meeting (if such date is different from the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting) and, in the case of a
Special Meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Unless otherwise required by law, notice of any meeting shall
be given not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote
at such meeting as of the record date for notice of such meeting.

2.7.Adjournments.
Any meeting of the stockholders may be adjourned from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other place, and notice need not
be given of any such adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken or
are provided in any other manner permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL).
At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the
adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled
to vote at the meeting. If after the adjournment a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the
adjourned meeting, the Board of Directors shall fix as the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned
meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting and notice
of the adjourned meeting in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.6 hereof shall be given to each stockholder of
record entitled to vote as of the record date so fixed for notice of the adjourned meeting.

2.8.Quorum.
Unless otherwise required by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of a majority of the Corporations
capital stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum
at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business. A quorum, once established, shall not be broken by the withdrawal
of enough votes to leave less than a quorum. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders,
the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time
to time, in the manner provided in Section 2.7 hereof, until a quorum shall be present or represented.

5

2.9.Voting.
Unless otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any question brought before any meeting of the stockholders,
other than the election of directors, shall be decided by a majority of the votes cast for or against such question. Unless otherwise
provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder represented at a meeting of the stockholders shall be entitled to cast
one (1) vote for each share of the capital stock entitled to vote thereat held by such stockholder. Such votes may be cast in person
or by proxy as provided in Section 2.10 of this Article 2. The Board of Directors, in its discretion, or the
officer of the Corporation presiding at a meeting of the stockholders, in such officers discretion, may require that any votes
cast at such meeting shall be cast by written ballot.

2.10.Proxies.
Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of the stockholders may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder
as proxy, but no such proxy shall be voted upon after three (3) years from its date, unless such proxy provides for a longer period.
The authorization of a person to act as proxy may be documented, signed and delivered in accordance with Section 116 of the DGCL;
provided that such authorization shall set forth, or be delivered with, information enabling the Corporation to determine the
identity of the stockholder granting such authorization. Without limiting the manner in which a stockholder may authorize another person
or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy, the foregoing shall constitute a valid means by which a stockholder may grant such authority.

2.11.List
of Stockholders Entitled to Vote. The Corporation shall prepare, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of the stockholders,
a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (provided, however, if the record date for determining
the stockholders entitled to vote is less than ten (10) days before the date of the meeting, the list shall reflect the stockholders
entitled to vote as of the tenth (10th) day before the meeting date), arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each
stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder,
for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting
(i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network; provided that the information required to gain access to such list is
provided with the notice of meeting or (ii) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the Corporation.

2.12.Record
Date. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of the stockholders or any adjournment
thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing
the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days
before the date of such meeting. If the Board of Directors so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the
stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board of Directors determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a
later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board
of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of the stockholders shall be
at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business
on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to
vote at a meeting of the stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board
of Directors may fix a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case
shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed
for determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance herewith at the adjourned meeting.

6

2.13.Stock
Ledger. The stock ledger of the Corporation shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock
ledger, the list required by Section 2.11 of this Article 2 or the books and records of the Corporation, or to
vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of the stockholders.

2.14.Conduct
of Meetings. The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote
at a meeting shall be announced at the meeting by the person presiding over the meeting. The Board of Directors of the Corporation may
adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of any meeting of the stockholders as it shall deem appropriate.
Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board of Directors, the chairman of any meeting
of the stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene and (for any or no reason) to recess and/or adjourn the meeting and
to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman, are appropriate for
the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board of Directors or prescribed by
the chairman of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (i) the establishment of an agenda or order of business
for the meeting; (ii) the determination of when the polls shall open and close for any given matter to be voted on at the meeting;
(iii) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; (iv) limitations on attendance
at or participation in the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such
other persons as the chairman of the meeting shall determine; (v) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for
the commencement thereof; and (vi) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants.

2.15.Inspectors
of Election. In advance of any meeting of the stockholders, the Board of Directors, by resolution, the Chairman of the Board of Directors,
if there be one, the Chief Executive Officer or the President shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting and make a written
report thereof. One or more other persons may be designated as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no
inspector or alternate is able to act at a meeting of the stockholders, the chairman of the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors
to act at the meeting. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, inspectors may be officers, employees or agents of the Corporation.
Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of the duties of inspector, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the
duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of such inspectors ability. The inspector shall have the
duties prescribed by law and shall take charge of the polls and, when the vote is completed, shall make a certificate of the result of
the vote taken and of such other facts as may be required by applicable law.

Article 3.

DIRECTORS

3.1.Number
and Election of Directors. Subject to the Certificate of Incorporation, the number of directors shall be fixed from time to time
by resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the active Board of Directors. Directors shall be elected by the stockholders
at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and the term of each director so elected shall be as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation.

3.2.Vacancies.
Any vacancy on the Board of Directors that results from an increase in the number of directors may be filled by a majority of the Board
of Directors then in office; provided that a quorum is present, and any other vacancy occurring on the Board of Directors may
be filled by a majority of the Board of Directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Any director
elected to fill a vacancy or newly created directorship shall hold office for the term set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation.

7

3.3.Duties
and Powers. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors which
may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or by the Certificate of
Incorporation or by these Bylaws required to be exercised or done by the stockholders.

3.4.Meetings.
The Board of Directors may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or without the State of Delaware. Regular meetings
of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such time and at such place as may from time to time be determined by the Board
of Directors. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, the
Chief Executive Officer, the President, or by any two directors. Notice thereof stating the place, date and hour of the meeting shall
be given to each director either by mail not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the date of the meeting, by telephone or telegram
on twenty-four (24) hours notice, or on such shorter notice as the person or persons calling such meeting may deem necessary or
appropriate in the circumstances.

3.5.Organization.
At each meeting of the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, or, in his or her absence, a director chosen by a
majority of the directors present, shall act as chairman. The Secretary of the Corporation shall act as secretary at each meeting of
the Board of Directors. In case the Secretary shall be absent from any meeting of the Board of Directors, an Assistant Secretary shall
perform the duties of secretary at such meeting; and in the absence from any such meeting of the Secretary and all the Assistant Secretaries,
the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting.

3.6.Resignations
and Removals of Directors. Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time, by giving notice in writing or by electronic transmission
to the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary of the Corporation. Such resignation
shall take effect at the time therein specified or, if no time is specified, immediately; and, unless otherwise specified in such notice,
the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Except as otherwise required by applicable law and subject
to the rights, if any, of the holders of shares of preferred stock then outstanding, any director or the entire Board of Directors may
be removed from office at any time, with or without cause, in accordance with the DGCL.

3.7.Quorum.
Except as otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, at all meetings of the Board of Directors, a majority
of the entire Board of Directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of the directors
present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board of Directors. If a quorum shall not be present at any
meeting of the Board of Directors, the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than
announcement at the meeting of the time and place of the adjourned meeting, until a quorum shall be present.

3.8.Actions
of the Board by Consent. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted
to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all the members of
the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and any consent may
be documented, signed and delivered in any manner permitted by Section 116 of the DGCL. After an action is taken, the consent or
consents relating thereto shall be filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee in the same paper or
electronic form as the minutes are maintained.

8

3.9.Meetings
by Means of Conference Telephone. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, members of the Board
of Directors of the Corporation, or any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors or such committee by
means of a conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear
each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to this Section 3.9 shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.

3.10.Committees.
The Board of Directors may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation.
The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified
member at any meeting of any such committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, and in the absence of a designation
by the Board of Directors of an alternate member to replace the absent or disqualified member, the member or members thereof present
at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another
member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any absent or disqualified member. Any committee, to the extent
permitted by law and provided in the resolution establishing such committee, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority
of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation
to be affixed to all papers which may require it. Each committee shall keep regular minutes and report to the Board of Directors when
required.

3.11.Interested
Directors. No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its directors or officers, or between the Corporation
and any other corporation, partnership, association or other organization in which one or more of its directors or officers are directors
or officers or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the director or officer
is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board of Directors or committee thereof which authorizes the contract or transaction,
or solely because any such directors or officers vote is counted for such purpose if: (i) the material facts as to
the directors or officers relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to
the Board of Directors or the committee, and the Board of Directors or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction
by the affirmative votes of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum;
or (ii) the material facts as to the directors or officers relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction
are disclosed or are known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in
good faith by vote of the stockholders; or (iii) the contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is
authorized, approved or ratified by the Board of Directors, a committee thereof or the stockholders. Common or interested directors may
be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of Directors or of a committee which authorizes the contract
or transaction.

Article 4.

OFFICERS

4.1.General.
The officers of the Corporation shall be chosen by the Board of Directors and shall be one or more Chief Executive Officers, a President,
a Secretary and a Treasurer. The Board of Directors, in its discretion, also may choose a Chairman of the Board of Directors (who must
be a director) and one or more Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries, Assistant Treasurers and other officers (including, without limitation,
a Chief Financial Officer). The Board of Directors may assign such additional titles to one or more of the officers as it shall deem
appropriate. Any number of offices may be held by the same person, unless otherwise prohibited by law, the Certificate of Incorporation
or these Bylaws. The officers of the Corporation need not be stockholders of the Corporation nor, except in the case of the Chairman
of the Board of Directors, need such officers be directors of the Corporation.

9

4.2.Election.
The Board of Directors, at its first meeting held after each Annual Meeting of Stockholders, shall elect the officers of the Corporation
who shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to
time by the Board of Directors; and each officer of the Corporation shall hold office until such officers successor is elected
and qualified, or until such officers earlier death, resignation or removal. Any officer elected by the Board of Directors may
be removed at any time by the Board of Directors. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation shall be filled by the Board
of Directors. The salaries of all officers of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board of Directors or by a committee of the Board
of Directors.

4.3.Voting
Securities Owned by the Corporation. Powers of attorney, proxies, waivers of notice of meeting, consents and other instruments relating
to securities owned by the Corporation may be executed in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation by the Chairman of the Board of
Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or any Vice President or any other officer authorized to do so by the Board of
Directors and any such officer may, in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation, take all such action as any such officer may deem
advisable to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of security holders of any corporation or other entity in which the Corporation
may own securities and at any such meeting shall possess and may exercise any and all rights and power incident to the ownership of such
securities and which, as the owner thereof, the Corporation might have exercised and possessed if present. The Board of Directors may,
by resolution, from time to time confer like powers upon any other person or persons.

4.4.Chairman
of the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders
and of the Board of Directors unless the Board of Directors shall designate another person to so preside. The Chairman of the Board of
Directors shall also perform such other duties and may exercise such other powers as may from time to time be assigned by these Bylaws
or by the Board of Directors.

4.5.Chief
Executive Officer. Unless the Chairman of the Board has been designated as the Chief Executive Officer, the President shall be the
Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation. The Chief Executive Officer shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have
general supervision, direction and control of the business and the officers of the Corporation. He shall have the general powers and
duties of management usually vested in the chief executive officer of a corporation, and shall have such other powers and duties as may
be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws. In the event of the absence or disability of the Chief Executive Officer, or
if such position becomes vacant, the duties of the Chief Executive Officer shall be performed by the President if the President is the
Chief Operating Officer or by such person as the Board of Directors may appoint as acting chief executive officer, subject to any restrictions
thereon imposed by the Board of Directors. Where two or more persons hold the office of Chief Executive Officer, references in these
Bylaws to the Chief Executive Officer shall refer to such executive officers as have been assigned such duties by the Board of Directors.
If at any time the office of Chief Executive Officer is held by more than one person, they shall exercise such powers and perform such
duties as shall be determined from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors.

4.6.President.
If the President is designated by the Board of Directors as the Chief Operating Officer of the Corporation, he shall be the chief administrative
officer of the Corporation and shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors and the direction of the Chief Executive Officer,
conduct the day-to-day activities of the Corporation. The Chief Operating Officer also shall have such other powers and perform such
other duties as may from time to time be assigned to him by the Chief Executive Officer. In the absence of the Chief Executive Officer,
the Chief Operating Officer shall have the powers and perform the duties of the Chief Executive Officer. Unless otherwise provided by
resolution of the Board of Directors, the Chief Operating Officer shall have the power to bind the Corporation to obligations.

10

4.7.Vice
Presidents. At the request of the President or in the Presidents absence or in the event of the Presidents inability
or refusal to act (and if there be no Chairman of the Board of Directors or Chief Executive Officer), the Vice President, or the Vice
Presidents if there are more than one (in the order designated by the Board of Directors), shall perform the duties of the President,
and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the President. Each Vice President shall
perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors from time to time may prescribe. If there be no Chairman
of the Board of Directors, no Chief Executive Officer and no Vice President, or if the Board of Directors otherwise deems it advisable,
the Board of Directors shall designate the officer of the Corporation who, in the absence of the President or in the event of the inability
or refusal of the President to act, shall perform the duties of the President, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be
subject to all the restrictions upon the President.

4.8.Secretary.
The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the Board of Directors and all meetings of the stockholders and record all the proceedings
thereat in a book or books to be kept for that purpose; the Secretary shall also perform like duties for committees of the Board of Directors
when required. The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the
Board of Directors, and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of
Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the President, under whose supervision the Secretary shall be. If the Secretary shall be unable
or shall refuse to cause to be given notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors, and if
there be no Assistant Secretary, then either the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the President may choose another
officer to cause such notice to be given. The Secretary shall have custody of the seal of the Corporation and the Secretary or any Assistant
Secretary, if there be one, shall have authority to affix the same to any instrument requiring it and when so affixed, it may be attested
by the signature of the Secretary or by the signature of any such Assistant Secretary. The Board of Directors may give general authority
to any other officer to affix the seal of the Corporation and to attest to the affixing by such officers signature. The Secretary
shall see that all books, reports, statements, certificates and other documents and records required by law to be kept or filed are properly
kept or filed, as the case may be.

4.9.Treasurer.
The Treasurer shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and
disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation and shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit
of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors. The Treasurer shall disburse the funds of the
Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the Chief
Executive Officer, the President and the Board of Directors, at its regular meetings, or when the Board of Directors so requires, an
account of all transactions as Treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation. If required by the Board of Directors, the
Treasurer shall give the Corporation a bond in such sum and with such surety or sureties as shall be satisfactory to the Board of Directors
for the faithful performance of the duties of the office of the Treasurer and for the restoration to the Corporation, in case of the
Treasurers death, resignation, retirement or removal from office, of all books, papers, vouchers, money and other property of
whatever kind in the Treasurers possession or under the Treasurers control belonging to the Corporation. Unless the Board
of Directors otherwise determines, the Treasurer shall be the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation.

4.10.Assistant
Secretaries. Assistant Secretaries, if there be any, shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be assigned
to them by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, any Vice President, if there be one, or the Secretary,
and in the absence of the Secretary or in the event of the Secretarys inability or refusal to act, shall perform the duties of
the Secretary, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Secretary.

11

4.11.Assistant
Treasurers. Assistant Treasurers, if there be any, shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be assigned
to them by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, any Vice President, if there be one, or the Treasurer,
and in the absence of the Treasurer or in the event of the Treasurers inability or refusal to act, shall perform the duties of
the Treasurer, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Treasurer. If required
by the Board of Directors, an Assistant Treasurer shall give the Corporation a bond in such sum and with such surety or sureties as shall
be satisfactory to the Board of Directors for the faithful performance of the duties of the office of Assistant Treasurer and for the
restoration to the Corporation, in case of the Assistant Treasurers death, resignation, retirement or removal from office, of
all books, papers, vouchers, money and other property of whatever kind in the Assistant Treasurers possession or under the Assistant
Treasurers control belonging to the Corporation.

4.12.Other
Officers. Such other officers as the Board of Directors may choose shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to
time may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may delegate to any other officer of the Corporation the
power to choose such other officers and to prescribe their respective duties and powers.

4.13.Execution
of Corporate Instruments. The Board of Directors may, in its discretion, determine the method and designate the signatory officer
or officers, or other person or persons, to execute on behalf of the Corporation any corporate instrument or document, or to sign on
behalf of the Corporation the corporate name without limitation, or to enter into contracts on behalf of the Corporation, except where
otherwise provided by law or these Bylaws, and such execution or signature shall be binding upon the Corporation. Unless otherwise specifically
determined by the Board of Directors or otherwise required by law, promissory notes, deeds of trust, mortgages and other evidences of
indebtedness of the Corporation and other Corporate instruments or documents requiring the corporate seal shall be executed, signed or
endorsed by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, any Vice President, the Secretary, the Treasurer,
any Assistant Secretary or any Assistant Treasurer. All other instruments and documents requiring the corporate signature, but not requiring
the corporate seal, may be executed as aforesaid or in such other manner as may be directed by the Board of Directors.

Article 5.

STOCK

5.1.Form of
Certificate. Shares of the Corporations stock may be certificated or uncertificated, as provided under Delaware law; provided
that every holder of stock represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of the Corporation
by any two authorized officers of the Corporation (it being understood that each of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the President,
any Vice President, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer, the Secretary, and any Assistant Secretary of the Corporation shall be an
authorized officer for such purpose), certifying the number of shares owned by such stockholder in the Corporation.

5.2.Signatures.
Any or all of the signatures on a certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or
whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before
such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer agent
or registrar at the date of issue.

5.3.Lost
Certificates. The Corporation may direct a new certificate to be issued in place of any certificate theretofore issued by the Corporation
alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of
stock to be lost, stolen or destroyed. When authorizing such issue of a new certificate, the Corporation may, in its discretion and as
a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or such owners
legal representative, to advertise the same in such manner as the Corporation shall require and/or to give the Corporation a bond in
such sum as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Corporation on account of the alleged loss, theft
or destruction of such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate.

12

5.4.Transfers.
Stock of the Corporation shall be transferable in the manner prescribed by applicable law and in these Bylaws. Transfers of stock shall
be made on the books of the Corporation only by the record holder of such stock or by such persons attorney lawfully constituted
in writing and upon the surrender of the certificate therefor, properly endorsed for transfer and payment of all necessary transfer taxes;
provided, however, that such surrender and endorsement or payment of taxes shall not be required in any case in which the
officers of the Corporation shall determine to waive such requirement. Every certificate exchanged, returned or surrendered to the Corporation
shall be marked Cancelled, with the date of cancellation, by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Corporation or
the transfer agent thereof. No transfer of stock shall be valid as against the Corporation for any purpose until it shall have been entered
in the stock records of the Corporation by an entry showing from and to whom transferred.

5.5.Dividend
Record Date. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution
or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock,
or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the
date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than sixty (60) days prior
to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of
business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto.

5.6.Record
Owners. The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the record owner
of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest
in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise
required by law.

5.7.Transfer
and Registry Agents. The Corporation may from time to time maintain one or more transfer offices or agencies and registry offices
or agencies at such place or places as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors.

Article 6.

NOTICES

6.1.Notices.
Whenever notice is required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, to be given to any director, member of a committee
or stockholder, such notice may be given by mail, addressed to such director, member of a committee or stockholder, at such persons
address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, with postage thereon prepaid, and such notice shall be deemed to be given at
the time when the same shall be deposited in the United States mail. To the extent permitted by applicable law, notice may also be given
personally or by telegram, telex or cable or by any other means of electronic transmission.

6.2.Waivers
of Notice. Whenever any notice is required by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, to be given to any
director, member of a committee or stockholder, a waiver thereof whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent
thereto. Attendance of a person at a meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a waiver of notice of such
meeting, except where the person attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction
of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of,
any Annual or Special Meeting of Stockholders or any regular or special meeting of the directors or members of a committee of directors
need be specified in any waiver of notice unless so required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.

13

Article 7.

GENERAL PROVISIONS

7.1.Dividends.
Dividends upon the capital stock of the Corporation, subject to the requirements of the DGCL and the provisions of the Certificate of
Incorporation, if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors (or any
action by consent in lieu thereof in accordance with Section 3.8 of Article 3 hereof), and may be paid in cash,
in property, or in shares of capital stock or other securities of the Corporation. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside
out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to time, in its absolute
discretion, deems proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for purchasing any of the shares of capital stock, warrants,
rights, options, bonds, debentures, notes, scrip or other securities or evidences of indebtedness of the Corporation, or for equalizing
dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, or for any proper purpose, and the Board of Directors may
modify or abolish any such reserve.

7.2.Disbursements.
All checks or demands for money and notes of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers or such other person or persons
as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate.

7.3.Fiscal
Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall end on June 30 of each year unless changed by resolution of the Board of Directors.

7.4.Corporate
Seal. The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation, the year of its organization and the words Corporate
Seal, Delaware. The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise.

7.5.Forum
for Certain Actions.

(a)Unless
the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery (the Chancery Court)
of the State of Delaware (or, in the event that the Chancery Court does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District
of Delaware or other state courts of the State of Delaware) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive
forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim for
or based on a breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or other employee or stockholder of the Corporation
to the Corporation or to the Corporations stockholders, including, without limitation, a claim alleging the aiding and abetting
of such a breach of fiduciary duty, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any of its current or former directors
or officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws (as
either may be amended from time to time) or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Chancery Court, (iv) any action asserting
a claim related to, involving, or against the Corporation that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, or (v) any action asserting
an internal corporate claim as the term is defined in Section 115 of the DGCL. If any action the subject matter of
which is within the scope of the preceding sentence is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a Foreign
Action) in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (1) the personal jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce
the preceding sentence and (2) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such action by service upon such stockholders
counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder.

14

(b)Unless
the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any action asserting a claim arising
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, against any person or entity in connection with any offering of the Corporations
securities, including, without limitation and for the avoidance of doubt, any auditor, underwriter, expert, control person, or other
defendant. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any security of the Corporation shall be deemed to
have notice of and consented to this Section 7.5 of this Article 7.

(c)This
Section 7.5 of this Article 7 shall be enforceable by any party to an action covered by this Section 7.5
of this Article 7.

Article 8.

INDEMNIFICATION

8.1.Power
to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings other than Those by or in the Right of the Corporation. Subject to Section 8.3
of this Article 8, the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party
to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than
an action by or in the right of the Corporation), by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation,
or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent
of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments,
fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding
if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such persons conduct was
unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere
or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which such person
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding,
had reasonable cause to believe that such persons conduct was unlawful.

8.2.Power
to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation. Subject to Section 8.3 of this Article 8,
the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed
action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that such person is or
was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation
as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses
(including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with the defense or settlement of such
action or suit if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of the Corporation; except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such
person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery of the State
of Delaware or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of
liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses
which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.

15

8.3.Authorization
of Indemnification. Any indemnification under this Article 8 (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation
only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director or officer is proper
in the circumstances because such person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 8.1 or Section 8.2
of this Article 8, as the case may be. Such determination shall be made, with respect to a person who is a director or
officer at the time of such determination, (i) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding,
even though less than a quorum, or (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by a majority vote of such directors, even though
less than a quorum, or (iii) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written
opinion or (iv) by the stockholders. Such determination shall be made, with respect to former directors and officers, by any person
or persons having the authority to act on the matter on behalf of the Corporation. To the extent, however, that a present or former director
or officer of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding described above,
or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys fees)
actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith, without the necessity of authorization in the specific case.

8.4.Good
Faith Defined. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, for purposes of any determination under Section 8.3
of this Article 8, a person shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to
be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, or, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, to have had no
reasonable cause to believe such persons conduct was unlawful, if such persons action is based on the records or books
of account of the Corporation or another enterprise, or on information supplied to such person by the officers of the Corporation or
another enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Corporation or another enterprise or on information
or records given or reports made to the Corporation or another enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser
or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Corporation or another enterprise. The provisions of this Section 8.4
shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the circumstances in which a person may be deemed to have met the applicable
standard of conduct set forth in Section 8.1 or Section 8.2 of this Article 8, as the case may be.

8.5.Indemnification
by a Court. Notwithstanding any contrary determination in the specific case under Section 8.3 of this Article 8,
and notwithstanding the absence of any determination thereunder, any director or officer may apply to the Court of Chancery of the State
of Delaware or any other court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Delaware for indemnification to the extent otherwise permissible
under Section 8.1 or Section 8.2 of this Article 8. The basis of such indemnification by a court
shall be a determination by such court that indemnification of the director or officer is proper in the circumstances because such person
has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 8.1 or Section 8.2 of this Article 8,
as the case may be. Neither a contrary determination in the specific case under Section 8.3 of this Article 8
nor the absence of any determination thereunder shall be a defense to such application or create a presumption that the director or officer
seeking indemnification has not met any applicable standard of conduct. Notice of any application for indemnification pursuant to this
Section 8.5 shall be given to the Corporation promptly upon the filing of such application. If successful, in whole or in
part, the director or officer seeking indemnification shall also be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such application.

8.6.Expenses
Payable in Advance. Expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by a director or officer in defending any civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding set forth in Section 8.1 or Section 8.2 shall be paid
by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf
of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified
by the Corporation as authorized in this Article 8. Such expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by former directors
and officers or other employees and agents may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the Corporation deems appropriate.

16

8.7.Nonexclusivity
of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant
to, this Article 8 shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement
of expenses may be entitled under the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors
or otherwise, both as to action in such persons official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office,
it being the policy of the Corporation that indemnification of the persons specified in Section 8.1 and Section 8.2
of this Article 8 shall be made to the fullest extent permitted by law. The provisions of this Article 8
shall not be deemed to preclude the indemnification of any person who is not specified in Section 8.1 or Section 8.2
of this Article 8 but whom the Corporation has the power or obligation to indemnify under the provisions of the DGCL,
or otherwise.

8.8.Insurance.
The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the
Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer,
employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against
such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such persons status as such, whether or not the
Corporation would have the power or the obligation to indemnify such person against such liability under the provisions of this Article 8.

8.9.Certain
Definitions. For purposes of this Article 8, references to the Corporation shall include, in addition to
the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger
which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors or officers, so that any
person who is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation, or is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation
serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article 8 with respect
to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence
had continued. The term another enterprise as used in this Article 8 shall mean any other corporation or any
partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which such person is or was serving at the request of
the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent. For purposes of this Article 8, references to fines
shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to serving at the
request of the Corporation shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes
duties on, or involves services by, such director or officer with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries;
and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries
of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation
as referred to in this Article 8.

8.10.Survival
of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant
to, this Article 8 shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to
be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.

8.11.Limitation
on Indemnification. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Article 8 to the contrary, except for proceedings to enforce
rights to indemnification (which shall be governed by Section 8.5 of this Article 8), the Corporation shall not
be obligated to indemnify any director or officer (or his or her heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives) or advance expenses
in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized or
consented to by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

17

8.12.Indemnification
of Employees and Agents. The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, provide rights
to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to employees and agents of the Corporation similar to those conferred in this Article 8
to directors and officers of the Corporation.

Article 9.

AMENDMENTS

9.1.Amendments.
These Bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed, in whole or in part, or new Bylaws may be adopted by the stockholders or by the Board
of Directors. All such amendments must be approved by either the holders of at least a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares
of capital stock entitled to vote thereon or by a majority of the entire Board of Directors.

9.2.Entire
Board of Directors. As used in this Article 9 and in these Bylaws generally, the term entire Board of Directors
means the total number of directors which the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies.

Adopted as of February 5, 2025

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>farm-20250204.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>farm-20250204_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>farm-20250204_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 04, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 04, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --06-30

Entity File Number 001-34249

Entity Registrant Name FARMER BROTHERS CO

Entity Central Index Key 0000034563

Entity Tax Identification Number 95-0725980

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 14501 N Fwy

Entity Address, City or Town Fort Worth

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 76177

City Area Code 682

Local Phone Number 549-6600

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $1.00 par value

Trading Symbol FARM

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://farmerbros.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

farm-20250204.xsd 
farm-20250204_lab.xml 
farm-20250204_pre.xml 
tm255784d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-010937-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm255784d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000034563 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--06-30 
0000034563 
FARMER BROTHERS CO 
8-K 
2025-02-04 
DE 
001-34249 
95-0725980 
14501 N Fwy 
Fort Worth 
TX 
76177 
682 
549-6600 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $1.00 par value 
FARM 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>