<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-029442.txt : 20250407
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-029442.hdr.sgml : 20250407
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250407163058
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-029442
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250404
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250407
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250407

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEUROONE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001500198
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		EIN:				270863354
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40439
		FILM NUMBER:		25818578

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7599 ANAGRAM DR
		CITY:			EDEN PRAIRIE
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55344
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(952) 426-1383

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7599 ANAGRAM DR
		CITY:			EDEN PRAIRIE
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55344

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Original Source Entertainment, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100830
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0237378-8k_neuro.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000150019800015001982025-04-042025-04-04iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported)
April 4, 2025

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-40439 27-0863354

(State or other jurisdiction 

of
incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

7599 Anagram Dr., Eden Prairie, MN55344

(Address of principal executive offices and zip
code)

952-426-1383

(Registrants telephone number including
area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share NMTC The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a
Material Definitive Agreement.

On April 4, 2025, NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation (the Company), entered into an Underwriting Agreement (the
Underwriting Agreement) with Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. as underwriter (the Underwriter), relating
to the issuance and sale of 16,000,000 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share, at a price to the public
of $0.50 per share. In addition, under the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the Company granted the Underwriter an option, exercisable
for 45 days, to purchase up to an additional 2,400,000 shares of common stock on the same terms as the offering. The offering closed on
April 7, 2025. Following the closing of the offering, the Company has 49,797,000 shares of common stock outstanding.

The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for
general working capital purposes.

The Underwriting Agreement contains customary representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements of the Company, indemnification obligations of the Company and the Underwriter, including liabilities under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), other obligations of the parties and termination provisions. In
addition, pursuant to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the Company and, pursuant to separate lock-up agreements, its executive
officers and directors may not, without the prior written approval of the Underwriter, subject to limited exceptions, offer, sell, agree
to sell, directly or indirectly, or otherwise dispose of any shares of common stock or any securities convertible into or exchangeable
for shares of common stock for a period of 75 days following the closing of the offering. The representations, warranties and covenants
contained in the Underwriting Agreement were made only for purposes of such agreement and as of specific dates, were only for the benefit
of the parties to such agreement and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties. The Underwriting Agreement
is filed as Exhibit 1.1 hereto and the description of the terms of the Underwriting Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference
to such exhibit.

The offering was made pursuant to an effective registration statement
on Form S-3 (File No. 333-79871), previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the related prospectus supplement.

A copy of the opinion of Honigman LLP relating to the legality of the
issuance and sale of the shares in the offering is attached as Exhibit 5.1 hereto.

1

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated April 4, 2025, between NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation and Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.

5.1 Opinion of Honigman LLP

23.1 Consent of Honigman LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded with Inline XBRL document).

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

NEUROONE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

Dated: April 7, 2025 By: /s/ David Rosa

David Rosa

Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023737801ex1-1_neuro.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT, DATED APRIL 4, 2025, BETWEEN NEUROONE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION AND LADENBURG THALMANN & CO. INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

16,000,000 SHARES of
Common Stock 

OF

NEUROONE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

April 4, 2025

Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.

As the Representative of the

Several underwriters, if any, named in Schedule
I hereto

c/o Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.

640 Fifth Avenue, 4th Floor

New York, NY 10019

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned, NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation, a company incorporated under the laws of Delaware (the Company), hereby confirms
its agreement (this Agreement) with the several underwriters (such underwriters, including the Representative (as
defined below), the Underwriters and each an Underwriter) named in Schedule I hereto
for which Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. is acting as representative to the several Underwriters (the Representative
and if there are no Underwriters other than the Representative, references to multiple Underwriters shall be disregarded and the term
Representative as used herein shall have the same meaning as Underwriter) on the terms and conditions set forth herein.

It is understood that the
several Underwriters are to make a public offering of the Public Shares as soon as the Representative deems it advisable to do so. The
Public Shares are to be initially offered to the public at the public offering price set forth in the Prospectus Supplement.

It is further understood that
you will act as the Representative for the Underwriters in the offering and sale of the Closing Shares and, if any, the Option Shares
in accordance with this Agreement.

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings
set forth in this Section 1.1:

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(k).

Affiliate
means with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled
by or is under common control with such Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee 
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Closing Shares pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the hour and the date on the Trading Day on which all conditions precedent to (i) the Underwriters obligations
to pay the Closing Purchase Price and (ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the Closing Shares, in each case, have been satisfied
or waived, but in no event later than 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the first (1st) Trading Day following the date hereof (or the
second (2nd) Trading Day following the date hereof if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after
4:00 p.m. (New York City time) and before midnight (New York City time) on a Trading Day) or at such earlier time as shall be agreed upon
by the Representative and the Company.

Closing
Purchase Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(b), which aggregate purchase price shall be net
of the underwriting discounts and commissions.

Closing
Shares shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(a).

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

2

Company
Auditor means Baker Tilly US, LLP, with offices located at 205 North Michigan Avenue, Chicago, IL 60601.

Company
Counsel means Honigman LLP, with offices located at 2290 First National Building, 660 Woodward Avenue, Detroit, MI 48226.

Effective
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(f).

EGS
means Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, with offices located at 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10105.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Execution
Date shall mean the date on which the parties execute and enter into this Agreement.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant
to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority
of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities
upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common
Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this
Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities
or to extend the term of such securities, and (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority
of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined
in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith
within seventy-five (75) days following the Closing Date, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity
holders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic
with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall
not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose
primary business is investing in securities.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

FINRA
means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(i).

3

Indebtedness
means (a) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary
course of business), (b) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or
not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by
endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (c) the
present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP.

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Lock-Up
Agreements means the lock-up agreements that are delivered on the date hereof by each of the Companys officers and directors,
in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Material
Adverse Effect means (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document,
(ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the
Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material
respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document.

Offering
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(c).

Option
Closing Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2(c).

Option
Closing Purchase Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2(b), which aggregate purchase price shall
be net of the underwriting discounts and commissions.

Option
Shares shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2(a).

Over-Allotment
Option shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Preliminary
Prospectus means any preliminary prospectus supplement relating to the Public Shares included in the Registration Statement
or filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b).

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

4

Prospectus
means the base prospectus filed for the Registration Statement.

Prospectus
Supplement means any supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that is filed with the Commission.

Public
Shares means, collectively, the Closing Shares and, if any, the Option Shares.

Registration
Statement means, collectively, the various parts of the registration statement prepared by the Company on Form S-3 (File No.
333-279871) with respect to the Public Shares, each as amended as of the date hereof, including the Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement,
the Preliminary Prospectus, and all exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such registration statement, and includes any
Rule 462(b) Registration Statement.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 462(b)
Registration Statement means any registration statement prepared by the Company registering additional Public Shares, which
was filed with the Commission on or prior to the date hereof and became automatically effective pursuant to Rule 462(b) promulgated by
the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act.

SEC Reports
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(i).

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share
Purchase Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(b).

Subsidiary"
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

"Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock
Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

5

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Lock-Up Agreements, and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Equiniti Trust Company LLC and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing.

(a) Upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell in the aggregate 16,000,000 shares of Common Stock,
and each Underwriter agrees to purchase, severally and not jointly, at the Closing, the number of shares of Common Stock (the Closing
Shares) set forth opposite the name of such Underwriter on Schedule I hereof;

(b) The
aggregate purchase price for the Closing Shares shall equal the amount set forth opposite the name of such Underwriter on Schedule
I hereto (the Closing Purchase Price). The purchase price for one Share shall be $0.465 per Share (the Share
Purchase Price); and

(c) 
On the Closing Date, each Underwriter shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, via wire transfer, immediately available
funds equal to such Underwriters Closing Purchase Price and the Company shall deliver to, or as directed by, such Underwriter its
respective Closing Shares and the Company shall deliver the other items required pursuant to Section 2.3 deliverable at the Closing. Upon
satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.3 and 2.4, the Closing shall occur at the offices of EGS or such
other location as the Company and Representative shall mutually agree. The Public Shares are to be offered initially to the public at
the offering price set forth on the cover page of the Prospectus Supplement (the Offering).

2.2 Over-Allotment
Option.

(a) For
the purposes of covering any over-allotments in connection with the distribution and sale of the Closing Shares, the Representative is
hereby granted an option (the Over-Allotment Option) to purchase, in the aggregate, up to 2,400,000 shares of Common
Stock (the Option Shares) at the Share Purchase Price.

(b) In
connection with an exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, the purchase price to be paid for the Option Shares is equal to the product
of the Share Purchase Price multiplied by the number of Option Shares to be purchased (the aggregate purchase price to be paid on an Option
Closing Date, the Option Closing Purchase Price).

6

(c) The
Over-Allotment Option granted pursuant to this Section 2.2 may be exercised by the Representative as to all (at any time) or any part
(from time to time) of the Option Shares within forty-five (45) days after the Execution Date. An Underwriter will not be under any obligation
to purchase any Option Shares prior to the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option by the Representative. The Over-Allotment Option granted
hereby may be exercised by the giving of oral notice to the Company from the Representative, which must be confirmed in writing by overnight
mail or other electronic transmission setting forth the number of Option Shares to be purchased and the date and time for delivery of
and payment for the Option Shares (each, an Option Closing Date), which will not be later than one (1) full Business
Day after the date of the notice or such other time as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative, at the offices of EGS
or at such other place (including remotely by other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative.
If such delivery and payment for the Option Shares does not occur on the Closing Date, each Option Closing Date will be as set forth in
the notice. Upon exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, the Company will become obligated to convey to the Underwriters, and, subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Underwriters will become obligated to purchase, the number of Option Shares specified
in such notice. The Representative may cancel the Over-Allotment Option at any time prior to the expiration of the Over-Allotment Option
by written notice to the Company.

2.3 Deliveries.
The Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Underwriter (if applicable) the following:

(i) At
the Closing Date, the Closing Shares and, as to each Option Closing Date, if any, the applicable Option Shares, which shares shall be
delivered via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system for the accounts of the several Underwriters;

(ii) At
the Closing Date, a legal opinion of Company Counsel addressed to the Underwriters, including, without limitation, a negative assurance
letter, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative and as to each Option Closing Date, if any, a bring-down opinion addressed
to the Underwriters, including, without limitation, a negative assurance letter, from Company Counsel in form and substance satisfactory
to the Representative;

(iii) Contemporaneously
herewith, a cold comfort letter, addressed to the Underwriters and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to the Representative
from the Company Auditor dated, respectively, as of the date of this Agreement and a bring-down letter dated as of the Closing Date and
each Option Closing Date, if any;

(iv) On
the Closing Date and on each Option Closing Date, if any, the duly executed and delivered Officers Certificate, substantially in
the form required by Exhibit B attached hereto;

7

(v) On
the Closing Date and on each Option Closing Date, if any, the duly executed and delivered Secretarys Certificate, substantially
in the form required by Exhibit C attached hereto; and

(vi) Contemporaneously
herewith, the duly executed and delivered Lock-Up Agreements.

2.4 Closing
Conditions. The respective obligations of each Underwriter hereunder in connection with the Closing and each Option Closing Date are
subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects when made and on the date in question (other than representations and warranties of the Company already
qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects) of the representations and warranties of the Company contained
herein (unless as of a specific date therein);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the date in question shall have been performed;

(iii) the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.3 of this Agreement;

(iv) the
Registration Statement shall be effective on the date of this Agreement and at each of the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date,
if any, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose
shall have been instituted or shall be pending or contemplated by the Commission and any request on the part of the Commission for additional
information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of the Representative;

(v) by
the Execution Date, if required by FINRA, the Underwriters shall have received clearance from FINRA as to the amount of compensation allowable
or payable to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement;

(vi) the
Closing Shares and the Option Shares have been approved for listing on the Trading Market; and

(vii) prior
to and on each of the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any: (i) there shall have been no material adverse change or
development involving a prospective material adverse change in the condition or prospects or the business activities, financial or otherwise,
of the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement and Prospectus; (ii) no
action suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company or any Affiliate of the Company
before or by any court or federal or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or
finding may materially adversely affect the business, operations, prospects or financial condition or income of the Company, except as
set forth in the Registration Statement and Prospectus; (iii) no stop order shall have been issued under the Securities Act and no
proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; and (iv) the Registration Statement and the Prospectus
and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain all material statements which are required to be stated therein in accordance
with the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and shall conform in all material respects to the requirements of the
Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, and neither the Registration Statement nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or
supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

8

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as of the Execution Date, as of the Closing
Date and as of each Option Closing Date, if any, as follows:

(a) Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in the SEC Reports. The Company owns, directly or indirectly,
all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights
to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no Subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in
the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to
own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in
violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational
or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing
or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

9

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party and otherwise to carry out its obligations
hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and
the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part
of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection
herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which
the Company is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with
the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to
the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution
provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(d) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it
is a party, the issuance and sale of the Public Shares and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets
of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration
or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing
a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property
or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in
a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority
to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property
or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not
have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to,
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection
with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filing with the Commission
of the Prospectus Supplement and (ii) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the
Required Approvals).

10

(f) Registration
Statement. The Company has filed with the Commission the Registration Statement under the Securities Act, which became effective on
August 16, 2024 (the Effective Date), for the registration under the Securities Act of the Securities. At the time
of such filing, the Company met the requirements of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement meets the requirements
set forth in Rule 415(a)(1)(x) under the Securities Act and complies with said Rule and the Prospectus Supplement will meet the requirements
set forth in Rule 424(b). The Company is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act and it meets the transaction requirements with
respect to the aggregate market value of securities being sold pursuant to this offering and during the twelve (12) months prior to this
offering, as set forth in General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3. The Company has advised the Representative of all further information
(financial and other) with respect to the Company required to be set forth therein in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus,
Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement. Any reference in this Agreement to the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus
or the Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item
12 of Form S-3 which were filed under the Exchange Act, on or before the date of this Agreement, or the issue date of the Preliminary
Prospectus, Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be; and any reference in this Agreement to the terms amend,
amendment or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus
or the Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed to refer to and include the filing of any document under the Exchange Act after the date
of this Agreement, or the issue date of the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be, deemed
to be incorporated therein by reference. All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information
which is contained, included, described, referenced, set forth or
stated in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement (and all other
references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and other information which
is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or the Prospectus
Supplement, as the case may be. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of the Preliminary
Prospectus, the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement has been issued, and no proceeding for any such purpose is pending or has been
initiated or, to the Company's knowledge, is threatened by the Commission. For purposes of this Agreement, free writing prospectus
has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. The Company will not, without the prior consent of the Representative,
prepare, use or refer to, any free writing prospectus.

11

(g) Issuance
of Shares. The Public Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents,
will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The holder of the Public
Shares will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders. The Public Shares are not and will not be subject to
the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. All corporate
action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Public Shares has been duly and validly taken. The Public
Shares conform in all material respects to all statements with respect thereto contained in the Registration Statement.

(h) Capitalization.
The capitalization of the Company is as set forth in the SEC Reports. The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently
filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys
stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans
and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic
report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right
to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding
options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or
obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares
of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company
or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or the capital stock of
any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Public Shares will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock
or other securities to any Person (other than the Underwriters). There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or
any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an
issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary
that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the
Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any
stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance
with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar
rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. The authorized shares of the Company conform in all material respects to all statements
relating thereto contained in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. The offers and sales of the Companys securities were
at all relevant times either registered under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws or, based in part
on the representations and warranties of the purchasers, exempt from such registration requirements. No further approval or authorization
of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Public Shares. There are no stockholders
agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a
party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

12

(i) SEC
Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be
filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two
years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing
materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus and the Prospectus
Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension
of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates,
the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and
none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting
requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the
periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and
except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects
the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations
and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.
The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement
and the SEC Reports conform to the descriptions thereof contained therein and there are no agreements or other documents required by the
Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder to be described in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, the
Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement or the SEC Reports or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement,
that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company
is a party or by which it is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary
Prospectus, the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement or the SEC Reports, or (ii) is material to the Companys business, has
been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable against
the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability
of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy
of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion
of the court before which any proceeding therefore may be brought. None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company,
and neither the Company nor, to the best of the Companys knowledge, any other party is in default thereunder and, to the best of
the Companys knowledge, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a
default thereunder. To the best of the Companys knowledge, performance by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements
or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental
agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses, including, without limitation,
those relating to environmental laws and regulations.

13

(j) Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within
the SEC Reports, except as specifically disclosed in a subsequent SEC Report filed prior to the date hereof, (i) there has been no event,
occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has
not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements
pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the
Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or
made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock, (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any
officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans and (vi) no officer or director of the Company
has resigned from any position with the Company. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential
treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Public Shares contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance,
occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries
or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed
by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed
at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made. Unless otherwise disclosed in an SEC Report filed prior
to the date hereof, the Company has not: (i) issued any securities or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent,
for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution on or in respect to its capital stock.

14

(k) Litigation.
There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened
against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental
or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action)
which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Public Shares
or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation
of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge
of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former
director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration
statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(l) Labor
Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company,
which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees
is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships
with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected
to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement
or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued
employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any
of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and
regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the
failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) Compliance.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or
any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement
or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default
or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority
or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation
all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality
and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

15

(n) Regulatory
Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except
where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (each, a Material
Permit), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification
of any Material Permit. The disclosures in the Registration Statement concerning the effects of Federal, State, local and all foreign
regulation on the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects.

(o) Title
to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to, or have valid and marketable rights to
lease or otherwise use, all real property and all personal property that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment
of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP, and the payment of which
is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

(p) Intellectual
Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications,
service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights
necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to
do so could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired,
terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC
Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the
rights of any Person. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing
infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security
measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

16

(q) Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such
amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited
to, directors and officers insurance coverage. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able
to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may
be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(r) Transactions
With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary
and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with
the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other
arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing
for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from, any officer, director or such employee
or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is
an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary
or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits,
including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(s) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder
that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting
controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general
or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with
GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific
authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate
action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls
and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The
Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the
Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation
Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying
officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since
the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange
Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control
over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

17

(t) Certain
Fees. Except as set forth in the Prospectus Supplement, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable
by the Company, any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment
banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. To the Companys knowledge,
there are no other arrangements, agreements or understandings of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its stockholders
that may affect the Underwriters compensation, as determined by FINRA. The Company has not made any direct or indirect payments
(in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of
such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) 
any FINRA member; or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any FINRA member,
within the twelve months prior to the Execution Date. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any participating
FINRA member or its affiliates, except as specifically authorized herein.

(u) Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Public Shares will not be
or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company
shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v) Registration
Rights. Other than as disclosed in the SEC Reports, no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration
under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(w) Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken
no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under
the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration. Other
than as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing
or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future
continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic
transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the
fees of the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

18

(x) Application
of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state
of incorporation that is or could become applicable as a result of the Underwriters and the Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising
their rights under the Transaction Documents.

(y) Disclosure;
10b-5. The Registration Statement (and any further documents to be filed with the Commission) contains all exhibits and schedules
as required by the Securities Act. Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, if any, at the time it
became effective, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations
under the Securities Act and did not and, as amended or supplemented, if applicable, will not, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The Preliminary
Prospectus, Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, each as of its respective date, comply in all material respects with the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations. Each of the Preliminary Prospectus, Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement,
as amended or supplemented, did not and will not contain as of the date thereof any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The SEC Reports, when they were filed with the Commission, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act
and the applicable rules and regulations, and none of such documents, when they were filed with the Commission, contained any untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein (with respect to the SEC Reports incorporated
by reference in the Preliminary Prospectus, Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement), in light of the circumstances under which they were
made not misleading; and any further documents so filed and incorporated by reference in the Preliminary Prospectus, Prospectus or Prospectus
Supplement, when such documents are filed with the Commission, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange
Act and the applicable rules and regulations, as applicable, and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made not misleading. No
post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement reflecting any facts or events arising after the date thereof which represent,
individually or in the aggregate, a fundamental change in the information set forth therein is required to be filed with the Commission.
There are no documents required to be filed with the Commission in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby that (x) have not
been filed as required pursuant to the Securities Act or (y) will not be filed within the requisite time period. There are no contracts
or other documents required to be described in the Preliminary Prospectus, Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement, or to be filed as exhibits
or schedules to the Registration Statement, which have not been described or filed as required. The press releases disseminated by the
Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading.

19

(z) No
Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or
indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause
this offering of the Public Shares to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable shareholder approval
provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(aa) Solvency.
Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company
of the proceeds from the sale of the Public Shares hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount
that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent
liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as
now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the
business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current
cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into
account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts
are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account
the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances
which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction
within one year from the Closing Date. The SEC Reports sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness
of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is
in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(bb) Stock
Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance with
the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common
Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Companys
stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice
to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public
announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

20

(cc) Tax Status.
Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and
franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other
governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations
and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the
periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the
taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim. The provisions
for taxes payable, if any, shown on the financial statements filed with or as part of the Registration Statement are sufficient for all
accrued and unpaid taxes, whether or not disputed, and for all periods to and including the dates of such consolidated financial statements.
The term taxes mean all federal, state, local, foreign, and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use,
ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp,
occupation, premium, property, windfall profits, customs, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments, or charges of any kind whatsoever,
together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax, or additional amounts with respect thereto. The term returns
means all returns, declarations, reports, statements, and other documents required to be filed in respect to taxes.

(dd) Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other
person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts,
entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign
or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii)
failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the
Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA. The Company has taken
reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply in all material respects
with the FCPA.

(ee) Accountants.
To the knowledge and belief of the Company, the Company Auditor (i) is an independent registered public accounting firm as required by
the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual
Report for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025. The Company Auditor has not, during the periods covered by the financial statements
included in the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

21

(ff) FDA.
As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) under the Federal Food,
Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (FDCA) that is manufactured, packaged, labeled,
tested, distributed, sold, and/or marketed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each such product, a Pharmaceutical Product),
such Pharmaceutical Product is being manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold and/or marketed by the Company in compliance
with all applicable requirements under FDCA and similar laws, rules and regulations relating to registration, investigational use, premarket
clearance, licensure, or application approval, good manufacturing practices, good laboratory practices, good clinical practices, product
listing, quotas, labeling, advertising, record keeping and filing of reports, except where the failure to be in compliance would not have
a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending, completed or, to the Company's knowledge, threatened, action (including any lawsuit, arbitration,
or legal or administrative or regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint, or investigation) against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter or other communication from the FDA or any
other governmental entity, which (i) contests the premarket clearance, licensure, registration, or approval of, the uses of, the distribution
of, the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, the sale of, or the labeling and promotion of any Pharmaceutical Product, (ii)
withdraws its approval of, requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws or orders the withdrawal of advertising or sales
promotional materials relating to, any Pharmaceutical Product, (iii) imposes a clinical hold on any clinical investigation by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) enjoins production at any facility of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (v) enters or proposes
to enter into a consent decree of permanent injunction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise alleges any violation
of any laws, rules or regulations by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and which, either individually or in the aggregate, would
have a Material Adverse Effect. The properties, business and operations of the Company have been and are being conducted in all material
respects in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the FDA. The Company has not been informed by the FDA
that the FDA will prohibit the marketing, sale, license or use in the United States of any product proposed to be developed, produced
or marketed by the Company nor has the FDA expressed any concern as to approving or clearing for marketing any product being developed
or proposed to be developed by the Company.

(gg) Office
of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Company's knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee
or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets
Control of the U.S. Treasury Department.

(hh) U.S.
Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning
of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon the Representatives request.

22

(ii) Bank
Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956,
as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent
(5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a
bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(jj) Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable
money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or
any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(kk) D&O
Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires completed by each of the Companys
directors and officers immediately prior to the Offering and in the Lock-Up Agreement provided to the Underwriters is true and correct
in all respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause the information disclosed in such questionnaires
become inaccurate and incorrect.

(ll) FINRA
Affiliation. No officer, director or any beneficial owner of 5% or more of the Companys unregistered securities has any direct
or indirect affiliation or association with any FINRA member (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA) that
is participating in the Offering. The Company will advise the Representative and EGS if it learns that any officer, director or owner
of 5% or more of the Companys outstanding shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents is or becomes an affiliate or associated
person of a FINRA member firm.

(mm) Officers
Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to the Representative or EGS shall
be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered thereby.

23

(nn) Board
of Directors. The Board of Directors is comprised of the persons set forth under the SEC Reports. The qualifications of the persons
serving as board members and the overall composition of the Board of Directors comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules
promulgated thereunder applicable to the Company and the rules of the Trading Market. At least one member of the Board of Directors qualifies
as a financial expert as such term is defined under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder
and the rules of the Trading Market. In addition, at least a majority of the persons serving on the Board of Directors qualify as independent
as defined under the rules of the Trading Market.

(oo) Cybersecurity. 
Other than as disclosed in the SEC Reports, (i)(x) there has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the
Companys or any Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the
data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment
or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified
of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise
to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and
all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and
contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data
from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain
and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and
Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards
and practices.

(pp) Compliance
with Data Privacy Laws. (i) The Company and the Subsidiaries are, and at all times during the last three (3) years were, in compliance
with all applicable state, federal and foreign data privacy and security laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the European
Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively, Privacy Laws);
(ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to ensure compliance
with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure, handling and analysis
of Personal Data (as defined below) (the Policies); (iii) the Company provides accurate notice of its applicable
Policies to its customers, employees, third party vendors and representatives as required by the Privacy Laws; and (iv) applicable
Policies provide accurate and sufficient notice of the Companys then-current privacy practices relating to its subject matter,
and do not contain any material omissions of the Companys then-current privacy practices, as required by Privacy Laws. Personal
Data means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, email address, photograph, social security
number, bank information, or customer or account number; (ii) any information which would qualify as personally identifying
information under the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by GDPR; and (iv) any
other piece of information that allows the identification of such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection or analysis
of any identifiable data related to an identified persons health or sexual orientation. (i) None of such disclosures made
or contained in any of the Policies have been inaccurate, misleading, or deceptive in violation of any Privacy Laws and (ii) the
execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents will not result in a breach of any Privacy Laws or Policies. Neither
the Company nor the Subsidiaries (i) to the knowledge of the Company, has received written notice of any actual or potential liability
of the Company or the Subsidiaries under, or actual or potential violation by the Company or the Subsidiaries of, any of the Privacy Laws;
(ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation or other corrective action pursuant
to any regulatory request or demand pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement by or with
any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority that imposed any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law.

24

(qq) Environmental
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution
or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata),
including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or
hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to
the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as
all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits,
plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have received
all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and
(iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii),
the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Amendments
to Registration Statement. The Company has delivered, or will as promptly as practicable deliver, to the Underwriters complete conformed
copies of the Registration Statement and of each consent and certificate of experts, as applicable, filed as a part thereof, and conformed
copies of the Registration Statement (without exhibits), the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, as amended or supplemented, in
such quantities and at such places as an Underwriter reasonably requests. Neither the Company nor any of its directors and officers has
distributed and none of them will distribute, prior to the Closing Date, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale
of the Public Shares other than the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement, the Registration Statement, and copies of the documents incorporated
by reference therein. The Company shall not file any such amendment or supplement to which the Representative shall reasonably object
in writing.

25

4.2 Federal
Securities Laws.

(a) Compliance.
During the time when a Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, the Company will use its best efforts to comply
with all requirements imposed upon it by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations thereunder, as from time to time in force, so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales of or dealings in the
Public Shares in accordance with the provisions hereof and the Prospectus. If at any time when a Prospectus relating to the Public Shares
is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, any event shall have occurred as a result of which, in the opinion of counsel for
the Company or counsel for the Underwriters, the Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, includes an untrue statement of a material
fact or omits to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time to amend the Prospectus to comply with the Securities Act,
the Company will notify the Underwriters promptly and prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section 4.1 hereof, an appropriate
amendment or supplement in accordance with Section 10 of the Securities Act.

(b) Filing
of Final Prospectus Supplement. The Company will file the Prospectus Supplement (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative)
with the Commission pursuant to the requirements of Rule 424.

(c) Exchange
Act Registration. For a period of three years from the Execution Date, the Company will use its best efforts to maintain the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act. The Company will not deregister the Common Stock under the Exchange Act without the prior
written consent of the Representative.

(d) Free
Writing Prospectuses. The Company represents and agrees that it has not made and will not make any offer relating to the Public Shares
that would constitute an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 of the rules and regulations under the Securities Act,
without the prior written consent of the Representative. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Representative is herein
referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company represents that it will treat each Permitted
Free Writing Prospectus as an issuer free writing prospectus as defined in rule and regulations under the Securities Act,
and has complied and will comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 433 of the Securities Act, including timely Commission filing
where required, legending and record keeping.

4.3 Delivery
to the Underwriters of Prospectuses. The Company will deliver to the Underwriters, without charge, from time to time during the period
when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act such number of copies of each Prospectus
as the Underwriters may reasonably request and, as soon as the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto becomes effective,
deliver to you two original executed Registration Statements, including exhibits, and all post-effective amendments thereto and copies
of all exhibits filed therewith or incorporated therein by reference and all original executed consents of certified experts.

26

4.4 Effectiveness
and Events Requiring Notice to the Underwriters. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to remain
effective with a current prospectus until nine (9) months from the Execution Date, and will notify the Underwriters immediately and confirm
the notice in writing: (i) of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto; (ii) of the issuance
by the Commission of any stop order or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iii) of the issuance
by any state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Public Shares for offering or sale
in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iv) of the mailing and delivery
to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus; (v) of the receipt of any
comments or request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of the happening of any event during the period
described in this Section 4.4 that, in the judgment of the Company, makes any statement of a material fact made in the Registration Statement
or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Commission or any state securities
commission shall enter a stop order or suspend such qualification at any time, the Company will make every reasonable effort to obtain
promptly the lifting of such order.

4.5 Review
of Financial Statements. For a period of five (5) years from the Execution Date, the Company, at its expense, shall cause its regularly
engaged independent registered public accountants to review (but not audit) the Companys financial statements for each of the first
three fiscal quarters prior to the announcement of quarterly financial information.

27

4.6 Expenses
of the Offering.

(a) General
Expenses Related to the Offering. The Company hereby agrees to pay on each of the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any,
to the extent not paid at the Closing Date, all expenses incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement,
including, but not limited to: (a) all filing fees and communication expenses relating to the registration of the Public Shares to be
sold in the Offering (including the Option Shares) with the Commission; (b) all FINRA Public Offering Filing System fees associated with
the review of the Offering by FINRA; all fees and expenses relating to the listing of such Closing Shares and Option Shares on the Trading
Market and such other stock exchanges as the Company and the Representative together determine; (c) all fees, expenses and disbursements
relating to the registration or qualification of such Public Shares under the blue sky securities laws of such states and
other foreign jurisdictions as the Representative may reasonably designate (including, without limitation, all filing and registration
fees, and the fees and expenses of Blue Sky counsel); (d) the costs of all mailing and printing of the underwriting documents (including,
without limitation, the Underwriting Agreement, any Blue Sky Surveys and, if appropriate, any Agreement Among Underwriters, Selected Dealers
Agreement, Underwriters Questionnaire and Power of Attorney), Registration Statements, Prospectuses and all amendments, supplements
and exhibits thereto and as many preliminary and final Prospectuses as the Representative may reasonably deem necessary; (e) the costs
and expenses of the Companys public relations firm; (f) the costs of preparing, printing and delivering the Public Shares; (g)
fees and expenses of the Transfer Agent for the Public Shares (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing
of any instruction letter delivered by the Company); (h) stock transfer and/or stamp taxes, if any, payable upon the transfer of securities
from the Company to the Underwriters; (i) the fees and expenses of the Companys accountants; (j) the fees and expenses of the Companys
legal counsel and other agents and representatives; (k) the Underwriters costs of mailing prospectuses to prospective investors;
(l) the costs associated with advertising the Offering in the national editions of the Wall Street Journal and New York Times after the
Closing Date; (m) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to background checks of the Companys officers and directors; (n)
fees and expenses for the Underwriters use of i-Deals book-building, prospectus tracking and compliance software (or other
similar software) for the Offering; and (o) fees and expenses for the Underwriters actual road show expenses for
the Offering. The Underwriters may also deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company on the Closing Date, or each
Option Closing Date, if any, the expenses set forth herein to be paid by the Company to the Underwriters.

(b) Expenses
of the Representative. The Company further agrees that on the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, if applicable, the Company will
reimburse the Representative up to $150,000 for fees and expenses of legal counsel and other out-of-pocket expenses, by deduction from
the proceeds of the Offering contemplated herein.

4.7 Application
of Net Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from the Offering received by it in a manner consistent with the application
described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Prospectus Supplement.

4.8 Delivery
of Earnings Statements to Security Holders. The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable,
but not later than the first day of the fifteenth full calendar month following the Execution Date, an earnings statement (which need
not be certified by independent public or independent certified public accountants unless required by the Securities Act or the Rules
and Regulations under the Securities Act, but which shall satisfy the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Securities
Act) covering a period of at least twelve consecutive months beginning after the Execution Date.

4.9 Stabilization.
Neither the Company, nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or shareholders (without the consent of the Representative)
has taken or will take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to
cause or result in, under the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to
facilitate the sale or resale of the Public Shares.

28

4.10 Internal
Controls. The Company will maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that: (i) transactions
are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary
in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets; (iii) access
to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

4.11 Accountants.
The Company shall continue to retain a nationally recognized independent certified public accounting firm for a period of at least three
(3) years after the Execution Date. The Underwriters acknowledge that the Company Auditor is acceptable to the Underwriters.

4.12 FINRA.
The Company shall advise the Underwriters (who shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is aware that any 5% or greater shareholder
of the Company becomes an affiliate or associated person of an Underwriter.

4.13 No
Fiduciary Duties. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters responsibility to the Company is solely contractual
and commercial in nature, based on arms-length negotiations and that neither the Underwriters nor their affiliates or any selected dealer
shall be deemed to be acting in a fiduciary capacity, or otherwise owes any fiduciary duty to the Company or any of its affiliates in
connection with the Offering and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to
the contrary, the Company acknowledges that the Underwriters may have financial interests in the success of the Offering that are not
limited to the difference between the price to the public and the purchase price paid to the Company by the Underwriters for the shares
and the Underwriters have no obligation to disclose, or account to the Company for, any of such additional financial interests. The Company
hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the Underwriters with
respect to any breach or alleged breach of fiduciary duty.

4.14 Board
Composition and Board Designations. The Company shall ensure that: (i) the qualifications of the persons serving as board members
and the overall composition of the Board of Directors comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder
and with the listing requirements of the Trading Market and (ii) if applicable, at least one member of the Board of Directors qualifies
as a financial expert as such term is defined under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder.

29

4.15 Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. At the request of the Representative, by 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof, the Company
shall issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the Offering. The Company and the Representative shall consult with each
other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the Offering, and neither the Company nor any Underwriter shall issue any such
press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release
of such Underwriter, or without the prior consent of such Underwriter, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent
shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall
promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. The Company will not issue press releases
or engage in any other publicity, without the Representatives prior written consent, for a period ending at 5:00 p.m. (New York
City time) on the first business day following the 45th day following the Closing Date, other than normal and customary releases issued
in the ordinary course of the Companys business.

4.16 Shareholder
Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Underwriter
of the Public Shares is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including
any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company,
or that any Underwriter of Public Shares could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving
Public Shares.

4.17 Reservation
of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at all
times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue Option
Shares pursuant to the Over-Allotment Option.

4.18 Listing
of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading
Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the Closing
Shares and Option Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Closing Shares and Option Shares on such
Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will
then include in such application all of the Closing Shares and Option Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause
all of the Closing Shares and Option Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will
then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply
in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The
Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another
established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other
established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.19 Subsequent
Equity Sales.

(a) From
the date hereof until seventy-five (75) days from the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into
any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (ii)
file any registration statement or any amendment or supplement thereto, other than the Prospectus Supplement.

30

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section 4.19 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction shall be an
Exempt Issuance. As used herein, Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or
sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional
shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies
with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity
securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance
of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business
of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not
limited to, an equity line of credit or at-the-market offering, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price
regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently
canceled. Any Underwriter shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy
shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

4.20 Research
Independence. The Company acknowledges that each Underwriters research analysts and research departments, if any, are required
to be independent from their respective investment banking divisions and are subject to certain regulations and internal policies, and
that such Underwriters research analysts may hold and make statements or investment recommendations and/or publish research reports
with respect to the Company and/or the offering that differ from the views of its investment bankers. The Company hereby waives and releases,
to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against such Underwriter with respect to any conflict of
interest that may arise from the fact that the views expressed by their independent research analysts and research departments may be
different from or inconsistent with the views or advice communicated to the Company by such Underwriters investment banking divisions.
The Company acknowledges that the Representative is a full service securities firm and as such from time to time, subject to applicable
securities laws, may effect transactions for its own account or the account of its customers and hold long or short position in debt or
equity securities of the Company.

31

ARTICLE V.

DEFAULT BY UNDERWRITERS

If
on the Closing Date or any Option Closing Date, if any, any Underwriter shall fail to purchase and pay for the portion of the Closing
Shares or Option Shares, as the case may be, which such Underwriter has agreed to purchase and pay for on such date (otherwise than by
reason of any default on the part of the Company), the Representative, or if the Representative is the defaulting Underwriter, the non-defaulting
Underwriters, shall use their reasonable efforts to procure within 36 hours thereafter one or more of the other Underwriters, or any others,
to purchase from the Company such amounts as may be agreed upon and upon the terms set forth herein, the Closing Shares or Option Shares,
as the case may be, which the defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters failed to purchase. If during such 36 hours the Representative shall
not have procured such other Underwriters, or any others, to purchase the Closing Shares or Option Shares, as the case may be, agreed
to be purchased by the defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters, then (a) if the aggregate number of Closing Shares or Option Shares, as
the case may be, with respect to which such default shall occur does not exceed 10% of the Closing Shares or Option Shares, as the case
may be, covered hereby, the other Underwriters shall be obligated, severally, in proportion to the respective numbers of Closing Shares
or Option Shares, as the case may be, which they are obligated to purchase hereunder, to purchase the Closing Shares or Option Shares,
as the case may be, which such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters failed to purchase, or (b) if the aggregate number of Closing Shares
or Option Shares, as the case may be, with respect to which such default shall occur exceeds 10% of the Closing Shares or Option Shares,
as the case may be, covered hereby, the Company or the Representative will have the right to terminate this Agreement without liability
on the part of the non-defaulting Underwriters or of the Company except to the extent provided in Article VI hereof. In the event of a
default by any Underwriter or Underwriters, as set forth in this Article V, the applicable Closing Date may be postponed for such period,
not exceeding seven days, as the Representative, or if the Representative is the defaulting Underwriter, the non-defaulting Underwriters,
may determine in order that the required changes in the Prospectus or in any other documents or arrangements may be effected. The term
Underwriter includes any Person substituted for a defaulting Underwriter. Any action taken under this Section shall not
relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of any default of such Underwriter under this Agreement.

32

ARTICLE VI.

INDEMNIFICATION

6.1 Indemnification
of the Underwriters. Subject to the conditions set forth below, the Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Underwriters,
and each dealer selected by each Underwriter that participates in the offer and sale of the Public Shares (each a Selected Dealer)
and each of their respective directors, officers and employees and each Person, if any, who controls such Underwriter or any Selected
Dealer (Controlling Person) within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange
Act, against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including but not limited to any and all legal or other
expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever,
whether arising out of any action between such Underwriter and the Company or between such Underwriter and any third party or otherwise)
to which they or any of them may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other statute or at common law or otherwise
or under the laws of foreign countries, arising out of or based upon any Proceeding, commenced or threatened (whether or not such Underwriter
is a target of or party to such Proceeding), or arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact contained in (i) any Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration Statement or the Prospectus (as from time to time each may be amended
and supplemented); (ii) any materials or information provided to investors by, or with the approval of, the Company in connection with
the marketing of the offering of the Public Shares, including any road show or investor presentations made to investors
by the Company (whether in person or electronically); or (iii) any application or other document or written communication (in this Article
VI, collectively called application) executed by the Company or based upon written information furnished by the Company
in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Public Shares under the securities laws thereof or filed with the Commission, any state securities
commission or agency, Trading Market or any securities exchange; or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading,
unless such statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company with respect
to the applicable Underwriter by or on behalf of such Underwriter expressly for use in any Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration Statement
or Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or in any application, as the case may be. With respect to any untrue statement
or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in the Preliminary Prospectus, the indemnity agreement contained in this Section
6.1 shall not inure to the benefit of an Underwriter to the extent that any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense of such Underwriter
results from the fact that a copy of the Prospectus was not given or sent to the Person asserting any such loss, liability, claim or damage
at or prior to the written confirmation of sale of the Public Shares to such Person as required by the Securities Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder, and if the untrue statement or omission has been corrected in the Prospectus, unless such failure to deliver the
Prospectus was a result of non-compliance by the Company with its obligations under this Agreement. The Company agrees promptly to notify
each Underwriter of the commencement of any litigation or proceedings against the Company or any of its officers, directors or Controlling
Persons in connection with the issue and sale of the Public Shares or in connection with the Registration Statement or Prospectus.

6.2 Procedure.
If any action is brought against an Underwriter, a Selected Dealer or a Controlling Person in respect of which indemnity may be sought
against the Company pursuant to Section 6.1, such Underwriter, such Selected Dealer or Controlling Person, as the case may be, shall promptly
notify the Company in writing of the institution of such action and the Company shall assume the defense of such action, including the
employment and fees of counsel (subject to the reasonable approval of such Underwriter or such Selected Dealer, as the case may be) and
payment of actual expenses. Such Underwriter, such Selected Dealer or Controlling Person shall have the right to employ its or their own
counsel in any such case, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Underwriter, such Selected Dealer
or Controlling Person unless (i) the employment of such counsel at the expense of the Company shall have been authorized in writing by
the Company in connection with the defense of such action, or (ii) the Company shall not have employed counsel to have charge of the defense
of such action, or (iii) such indemnified party or parties shall have reasonably concluded that there may be defenses available to it
or them which are different from or additional to those available to the Company (in which case the Company shall not have the right to
direct the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified party or parties), in any of which events the reasonable fees and expenses
of not more than one additional firm of attorneys selected by such Underwriter (in addition to local counsel), Selected Dealer and/or
Controlling Person shall be borne by the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if any Underwriter, Selected
Dealer or Controlling Person shall assume the defense of such action as provided above, the Company shall have the right to approve the
terms of any settlement of such action which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.

33

6.3 Indemnification
of the Company. Each Underwriter severally and not jointly agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, officers
and employees and agents who control the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange
Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the foregoing indemnity from the Company to such Underwriter,
as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions made in any Preliminary
Prospectus, if any, the Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or in any application, in reliance
upon, and in strict conformity with, written information furnished to the Company with respect to such Underwriter by or on behalf of
such Underwriter expressly for use in such Preliminary Prospectus, if any, the Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or
supplement thereto or in any such application. In case any action shall be brought against the Company or any other Person so indemnified
based on any Preliminary Prospectus, if any, the Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or any application,
and in respect of which indemnity may be sought against such Underwriter, such Underwriter shall have the rights and duties given to the
Company, and the Company and each other Person so indemnified shall have the rights and duties given to such Underwriter by the provisions
of this Article VI. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 6.3, no Underwriter shall be required to indemnify the Company for
any amount in excess of the underwriting discounts and commissions applicable to the Public Shares purchased by such Underwriter. The
Underwriters' obligations in this Section 6.3 to indemnify the Company are several in proportion to their respective underwriting obligations
and not joint.

6.4 Contribution.

(a) Contribution
Rights. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution under the Securities Act in any case in which (i) any Person entitled
to indemnification under this Article VI makes a claim for indemnification pursuant hereto but it is judicially determined (by the entry
of a final judgment or decree by a court of competent jurisdiction and the expiration of time to appeal or the denial of the last right
of appeal) that such indemnification may not be enforced in such case notwithstanding the fact that this Article VI provides for indemnification
in such case, or (ii) contribution under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise may be required on the part of any such Person
in circumstances for which indemnification is provided under this Article VI, then, and in each such case, the Company and each Underwriter,
severally and not jointly, shall contribute to the aggregate losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses of the nature contemplated
by said indemnity agreement incurred by the Company and such Underwriter, as incurred, in such proportions that such Underwriter is responsible
for that portion represented by the percentage that the underwriting discount appearing on the cover page of the Prospectus bears to the
initial offering price appearing thereon and the Company is responsible for the balance; provided, that, no Person guilty of a fraudulent
misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any Person who was
not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section, each director, officer and employee of such Underwriter
or the Company, as applicable, and each Person, if any, who controls such Underwriter or the Company, as applicable, within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter or the Company, as applicable. Notwithstanding
the provisions of this Section 6.4, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the underwriting discounts
and commissions applicable to the Public Shares purchased by such Underwriter. The Underwriters' obligations in this Section 6.4 to contribute
are several in proportion to their respective underwriting obligations and not joint.

34

(b) Contribution
Procedure. Within fifteen days after receipt by any party to this Agreement (or its representative) of notice of the commencement
of any action, suit or proceeding, such party will, if a claim for contribution in respect thereof is to be made against another party
(contributing party), notify the contributing party of the commencement thereof, but the failure to so notify the
contributing party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any other party other than for contribution hereunder.
In case any such action, suit or proceeding is brought against any party, and such party notifies a contributing party or its representative
of the commencement thereof within the aforesaid fifteen days, the contributing party will be entitled to participate therein with the
notifying party and any other contributing party similarly notified. Any such contributing party shall not be liable to any party seeking
contribution on account of any settlement of any claim, action or proceeding affected by such party seeking contribution without the written
consent of such contributing party. The contribution provisions contained in this Section 6.4 are intended to supersede, to the extent
permitted by law, any right to contribution under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise available.

ARTICLE VII.

MISCELLANEOUS

7.1 Termination.

(a) Termination
Right. The Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to any Closing Date, (i) if any
domestic or international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in its opinion will in the immediate future materially
disrupt, general securities markets in the United States; or (ii) if trading on any Trading Market shall have been suspended or materially
limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been required
by FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other government authority having jurisdiction, or (iii) if the United States shall
have become involved in a new war or an increase in major hostilities, or (iv) if a banking moratorium has been declared by a New
York State or federal authority, or (v) if a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been declared which materially adversely
impacts the United States securities markets, or (vi) if the Company shall have sustained a material loss by fire, flood, accident,
hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity or malicious act which, whether or not such loss shall have been insured, will,
in the Representatives opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Public Shares, or (vii) if the Company
is in material breach of any of its representations, warranties or covenants hereunder, or (viii) if the Representative shall have
become aware after the date hereof of such a material adverse change in the conditions or prospects of the Company, or such adverse material
change in general market conditions as in the Representatives judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with the offering,
sale and/or delivery of the Public Shares or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale of the Public Shares.

35

(b) Expenses.
In the event this Agreement shall be terminated pursuant to Section 7.1(a), within the time specified herein or any extensions thereof
pursuant to the terms herein, the Company shall be obligated to pay to the Representative its actual and accountable out of pocket expenses
related to the transactions contemplated herein then due and payable, including the fees and disbursements of EGS up to $50,000 (provided,
however, that such expense cap in no way limits or impairs the indemnification and contribution provisions of this Agreement).

(c) Indemnification.
Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination of this Agreement, and whether
or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Article VI shall not be in any way effected by such election or termination
or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

7.2 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement,
contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements
and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents,
exhibits and schedules. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Investment Banking Agreement, dated March 10, 2025 (the Engagement
Agreement), by and between the Company and the Representative, shall continue to be effective and the terms therein, including,
without limitation, Section 4(c) with respect to any future offerings, shall continue to survive and be enforceable by the Representative
in accordance with its terms.

7.3 Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail
attachment at the email address set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading
Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail attachment at the
e-mail address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York
City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized
overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices
and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

36

7.4 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in
the case of an amendment, by the Company and the Representative. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or
requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver
of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder
in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.

7.5 Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

7.6 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.

7.7 Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting
in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such
court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered
or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an
Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under
Article VI, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

7.8 Survival.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the Option Closing, if any, and the delivery of the
Public Shares.

37

7.9 Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf
format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature
is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

7.10 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

7.11 Remedies.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, the Underwriters
and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may
not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby
agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would
be adequate.

7.12 Saturdays, Sundays,
Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein
shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

7.13 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

7.14 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY ARISING OUT OF
OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVE FOREVER ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature Pages Follow)

38

If the foregoing correctly
sets forth the understanding between the Underwriters and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose,
whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement among the Company and the several Underwriters in accordance with its terms.

Very truly yours,

NEUROONE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

By: /s/ Dave A. Rosa

Name: Dave A. Rosa

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Address for Notice:

7599 Anagram Drive

Eden Prairie, MN 55344

E-mail: ronm@nmtc1.com

Attention: Ron McClurg

Copy to:

Honigman LLP

2290 First National Building

660 Woodward Avenue

Detroit, MI 48226

E-mail: ejohns@honigman.com; nshulman@honigman.com

Attention: Emily Johns and N. Danny Shulman

Accepted on the date first above written.

LADENBURG THALMANN & CO. INC.

As the Representative of the several

Underwriters listed on Schedule I

By: Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.

By: /s/ Nicholas Stergis 

Name: Nicholas Stergis 

Title: Managing Director 

Address for Notice:

640 Fifth Avenue, 4th Floor

New York, NY 10019

E-mail:

Attention:

39

SCHEDULE I

Schedule
of Underwriters

Underwriters Closing

Shares Closing

Purchase

Price 

Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. 16,000,000 $ 7,440,000.00 

Total 16,000,000 $ 7,440,000.00 

40
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023737801ex5-1_neuro.htm
<DESCRIPTION>OPINION OF HONIGMAN LLP
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

April 7, 2025

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation

7599 Anagram Drive

Eden Prairie, MN 55344

Re: Prospectus Supplement to Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-279871)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel to
NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with (i) preparing
and filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) pursuant to the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the Securities Act), of (a) a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-279871) (such
registration statement as amended or supplemented from time to time, the Registration Statement), declared
effective on August 16, 2024, and the prospectus of the Company included in the Registration Statement (the Base Prospectus)
and (b) a prospectus supplement to the Base Prospectus, dated as of April 4, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement),
pertaining to the issuance and sale by the Company of up to 18,400,000 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per
share (the Common Stock) in a public offering (the Offered Shares) and (ii) the Underwriting
Agreement, dated as of April 4, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), between the Company and Company and Ladenburg
Thalmann & Co. Inc., as the sole underwriter.

For the purpose of rendering
this opinion, we examined originals or copies of such documents as we deemed relevant. In conducting our examination, we assumed, without
investigation, the genuineness of all signatures, the correctness of all certificates, the authenticity of all documents submitted to
us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted as certified or photostatic copies, and the authenticity
of the originals of such copies, and the accuracy and completeness of all records made available to us by the Company. In addition, in
rendering this opinion, we have assumed that the Offered Shares will be offered in the manner and on the terms identified or referred
to in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement, including all supplements and amendments thereto, and
the Underwriting Agreement.

Our opinion is limited solely
to matters set forth herein. The law covered by the opinions expressed herein is limited to the Delaware General Corporation Law.

Based upon our examination
of such documents and other matters as we deem relevant, we are of the opinion that the Offered Shares covered by the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus Supplement have been duly authorized by the Company and, when issued, sold, and delivered by the Company in accordance
with, and as described in, the Registration Statement and the Prospectus Supplement and in the manner set forth in the Underwriting Agreement,
against payment therefor, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

We hereby consent to the filing
of this opinion with the Commission as Exhibit 5.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, which is incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statement, and to the reference to our firm under the caption Legal Matters in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus Supplement. In giving such consent, we do not admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent
is required by Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder by the Commission.

Honigman LLP 650
Trade Centre Way Suite 200 Kalamazoo, Michigan 49002-0402

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation

April 7, 2025

Page 2

Very truly yours,

/s/ Honigman LLP

Honigman LLP

Honigman LLP 650
Trade Centre Way Suite 200 Kalamazoo, Michigan 49002-0402
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>nmtc-20250404.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>nmtc-20250404_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>nmtc-20250404_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 04, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 04, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40439

Entity Registrant Name NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation

Entity Central Index Key 0001500198

Entity Tax Identification Number 27-0863354

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 7599 Anagram Dr.

Entity Address, City or Town Eden Prairie

Entity Address, State or Province MN

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 55344

City Area Code 952

Local Phone Number 426-1383

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol NMTC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://nmtc1.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0237378-8k_neuro.htm 
nmtc-20250404.xsd 
nmtc-20250404_lab.xml 
nmtc-20250404_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-029442-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ea0237378-8k_neuro_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001500198 

2025-04-04 
2025-04-04 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001500198 
8-K 
2025-04-04 
NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 
DE 
001-40439 
27-0863354 
7599 Anagram Dr. 
Eden Prairie 
MN 
55344 
952 
426-1383 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
NMTC 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>