<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-028059.txt : 20250402
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-028059.hdr.sgml : 20250402
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250402162650
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-028059
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250402
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250402
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250402

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BGC Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001094831
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SECURITY & COMMODITY BROKERS, DEALERS, EXCHANGES & SERVICES [6200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		EIN:				863748217
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35591
		FILM NUMBER:		25805086

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		499 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-610-2200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		499 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BGC Partners, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080404

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ESPEED INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990913
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0236501-8k_bgc.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000109483100010948312025-04-022025-04-02iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 2, 2025

BGC Group, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 01-35591 86-3748217

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (CommissionFile Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

499 Park Avenue, New York, NY10022

(Address of principal executive offices)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (212) 610-2200

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which
registered 

Class A Common Stock, $0.01 par value BGC The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01.
Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

The information required by this Item 1.01 is set forth under Item
8.01 below and is hereby incorporated by reference in response to this Item.

Item 2.03.
Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation Under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information required by this Item 2.03 is set forth under Item
8.01 below and is hereby incorporated by reference in response to this Item.

Item 8.01.
Other Events.

Notes Offering

On April 2, 2025, BGC Group, Inc. (the Registrant, BGC
or the Company) closed an offering of $700.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 6.150% senior notes due 2030 (the
6.150% Notes). The initial purchasers in the offering were BofA Securities, Inc., Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. (CF&Co),
Citizens JMP Securities, LLC, PNC Capital Markets LLC, Regions Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC. The Company received net
proceeds from the offering of the 6.150% Notes of approximately $692.8 million after deducting the initial purchasers discounts
and commissions and estimated offering expenses.

The 6.150% Notes were issued pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of
April 2, 2025 (the Base Indenture), as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 2, 2025 (the
First Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), between the Company and
The Huntington National Bank, as trustee (the Trustee). The 6.150% Notes bear interest at a rate of 6.150% per year, payable
in cash on April 2 and October 2 of each year, commencing October 2, 2025. The 6.150% Notes will mature on April 2, 2030. The Company
intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the 6.150% Notes to repurchase, redeem and/or repay at maturity all $288.2 million outstanding
aggregate principal amount of its 4.375% Senior Notes due 2025 and all $11.8 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 4.375%
Senior Notes due 2025 of BGC Partners, Inc. (BGC Partners), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, in each case including
to pay any applicable redemption premium.

The Company may redeem some or all of the 6.150% Notes at any time
or from time to time for cash (i) prior to March 2, 2030, at certain make-whole redemption prices (as set forth in the Indenture)
and (ii) on or after March 2, 2030, at 100% of the principal amount of such notes. If a Change of Control Triggering Event
(as defined in the Indenture) occurs, holders may require the Company to purchase all or a portion of their 6.150% Notes for cash at a
price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the 6.150% Notes to be purchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding,
the purchase date.

The 6.150% Notes are general senior unsecured obligations of the Company.

The Indenture contains customary covenants, such as reporting of annual
and quarterly financial results, and restrictions on certain mergers and consolidations. The 6.150% Notes and the Indenture do not contain
any financial covenants.

The 6.150% Notes and the Indenture contain customary events of default,
including failure to pay principal or interest, breach of covenants, cross-acceleration to other debt in excess of $100 million and bankruptcy
events, all subject to terms, including notice and cure periods, as set forth in the Indenture.

1

The 6.150% Notes were offered and sold only to qualified institutional
buyers (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act)) and to non-U.S. persons
(as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) pursuant to Regulation S. The 6.150% Notes have not been registered under the Securities
Act or any other securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from
registration requirements.

The Company has entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, dated
as of April 2, 2025 (the Registration Rights Agreement), pursuant to which the Company is obligated to file a registration
statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to an offer to exchange the 6.150% Notes for a new issue of notes registered
under the Securities Act and to complete such exchange offer prior to 365 days after April 2, 2025. In certain circumstances, the Company
may be required to file a shelf registration statement covering resales of the 6.150% Notes.

The foregoing descriptions of the Indenture, the 6.150% Notes and the
Registration Rights Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Base
Indenture, the First Supplemental Indenture, the form of the 6.150% Notes and the Registration Rights Agreement, which are filed as Exhibits
4.1, 4.2, 4.3 and 10.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein.

Discussion of Forward-Looking Statements About BGC 

Statements in this report regarding BGC that are not historical facts
are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those
contained in the forward-looking statements. These include statements about BGCs business, results, financial position, liquidity
and outlook, which may constitute forward-looking statements and are subject to the risk that the actual impact may differ, possibly materially,
from what is currently expected. Except as required by law, BGC undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For
a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking
statements, see BGCs Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including, but not limited to, the risk factors and Special Note
on Forward-Looking Information set forth in these filings and any updates to such risk factors and Special Note on Forward-Looking Information
contained in subsequent reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q or Form 8-K. 

2

Item 9.01.
Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

The exhibit index set forth below is
incorporated by reference in response to this Item 9.01. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit

Number Description

4.1 Indenture, dated as of April 2, 2025, between BGC Group, Inc. and The Huntington National Bank, as trustee

4.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 2, 2025, between BGC Group, Inc. and The Huntington National Bank, as trustee

4.3 Form of BGC Group, Inc. 6.150% Senior Notes due 2030 (included in Exhibit 4.2)

10.1 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 2, 2025, between BGC Group, Inc. and the parties named therein

104 The cover page from this Current Report on Form 8-K formatted in Inline XBRL

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

BGC Group, Inc.

Date: April 2, 2025 By: /S/ SEAN A. WINDEATT 

Name: Sean A. Windeatt

Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023650101ex4-1_bgc.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INDENTURE, DATED AS OF APRIL 2, 2025, BETWEEN BGC GROUP, INC. AND THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK, AS TRUSTEE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

BGC GROUP,
INC.

Issuer

- and -

THE HUNTINGTON
NATIONAL BANK

Trustee

INDENTURE

Dated as of

April 2, 2025

Debt Securities

Reconciliation
and tie between

Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (the
Trust Indenture Act) and Indenture

Trust Indenture Act Section Indenture Section

310(a)(1) 607

(a)(2) 607

(b) 608

312(a) 701

(b) 702

(c) 702

313(a) 703

(b)(2) 703

(c) 703

(d) 703

314(a) 704

(c)(1) 102

(c)(2) 102

(e) 102

(f) 102

316(a) (last sentence) 101

(a)(1)(A) 502, 512

(a)(1)(B) 513

(b) 508

317(a)(1) 503

(a)(2) 504

(b) 1003

318(a) 108

Note: This reconciliation and tie shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
to be part of the Indenture.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Article One DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION 1

Section 101. Definitions. 1

Section 102. Compliance Certificates and Opinions. 11

Section 103. Form of Documents Delivered to Trustee 11

Section 104. Acts of Holders. 12

Section 105. Notices, etc. to Trustee and Company. 13

Section 106. Notice to Holders of Securities; Waiver 13

Section 107. Language of Notices. 14

Section 108. Conflict with Trust Indenture Act 14

Section 109. Effect of Headings and Table of Contents 14

Section 110. Successors and Assigns. 14

Section 111. Separability Clause 14

Section 112. Benefits of Indenture 14

Section 113. Governing Law; Non-Exclusive Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial 15

Section 114. Legal Holidays. 15

Section 115. Counterparts 15

Section 116. Judgment Currency. 16

Section 117. USA PATRIOT Act 16

Section 118. Force Majeure 16

Section 119. Extension of Payment Dates. 17

Section 120. Immunity of Stockholders, Directors, Officers and Agents of the Company. 17

Article Two SECURITIES FORMS 17

Section 201. Forms Generally. 17

Section 202. Form of Trustees Certificate of Authentication. 18

Section 203. Securities in Global Form 18

Article Three THE SECURITIES 18

Section 301. Amount Unlimited; Issuable in Series. 18

Section 302. Currency; Denominations. 22

Section 303. Execution, Authentication, Delivery and Dating. 22

Section 304. Temporary Securities. 23

Section 305. Registration, Transfer and Exchange 24

Section 306. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Securities. 26

Section 307. Payment of Interest and Certain Additional Amounts; Rights to Interest and Certain Additional Amounts Preserved. 27

Section 308. Persons Deemed Owners 28

Section 309. Cancellation. 28

Section 310. Computation of Interest 28

Section 311. CUSIP Numbers. 29

i

Article Four SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE OF INDENTURE 29

Section 401. Satisfaction and Discharge 29

Section 402. Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance 31

Section 403. Application of Trust Money. 35

Section 404. Reinstatement 35

Article Five REMEDIES 35

Section 501. Events of Default 35

Section 502. Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment 37

Section 503. Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee 38

Section 504. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim 39

Section 505. Trustee May Enforce Claims without Possession of Securities. 40

Section 506. Application of Money Collected. 40

Section 507. Limitations on Suits. 40

Section 508. Unconditional Right of Holders to Receive Principal and any Premium, Interest and Additional Amounts. 40

Section 509. Restoration of Rights and Remedies. 41

Section 510. Rights and Remedies Cumulative 41

Section 511. Delay or Omission Not Waiver 41

Section 512. Control by Holders of Securities. 41

Section 513. Waiver of Past Defaults. 41

Section 514. Waiver of Usury, Stay or Extension Laws. 42

Section 515. Undertaking for Costs. 42

Article Six THE TRUSTEE 43

Section 601. Duties of the Trustee 43

Section 602. Certain Rights of Trustee 43

Section 603. Notice of Defaults. 46

Section 604. Not Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Securities. 46

Section 605. May Hold Securities; Transactions with the Company. 46

Section 606. Money Held in Trust 47

Section 607. Compensation and Reimbursement 47

Section 608. Corporate Trustee Required; Eligibility. 48

Section 609. Resignation and Removal; Appointment of Successor 48

Section 610. Acceptance of Appointment by Successor 50

Section 611. Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business. 51

Section 612. Appointment of Authenticating Agent 51

Article Seven HOLDERS LISTS AND REPORTS BY TRUSTEE AND COMPANY 53

Section 701. Company to Furnish Trustee Names and Addresses of Holders. 53

Section 702. Preservation of Information, Communications to Holders. 53

Section 703. Reports by Trustee 53

Section 704. Reports by Company. 54

ii

Article Eight CONSOLIDATION, MERGER AND SALES 54

Section 801. Company May Consolidate, Etc., Only on Certain Terms. 54

Section 802. Successor Person Substituted for Company. 55

Article Nine SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES 55

Section 901. Supplemental Indentures without Consent of Holders. 55

Section 902. Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders. 56

Section 903. Execution of Supplemental Indentures. 58

Section 904. Effect of Supplemental Indentures. 58

Section 905. Reference in Securities to Supplemental Indentures. 58

Section 906. Conformity with Trust Indenture Act 59

Article Ten COVENANTS 59

Section 1001. Payment of Principal, Premium, Interest and Additional
Amounts. 59

Section 1002. Maintenance of Office or Agency. 59

Section 1003. Money for Securities Payments to Be Held in Trust 60

Section 1004. Additional Amounts. 61

Section 1005. Corporate Existence 62

Section 1006. Company Statement as to Compliance 62

Article Eleven REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES 62

Section 1101. Applicability of Article 62

Section 1102. Election to Redeem; Notice to Trustee 63

Section 1103. Selection by Trustee of Securities to be Redeemed 63

Section 1104. Notice of Redemption. 64

Section 1105. Deposit of Redemption Price 65

Section 1106. Securities Payable on Redemption Date 65

Section 1107. Securities Redeemed in Part 66

Article Twelve SINKING FUNDS 66

Section 1201. Applicability of Article 66

Section 1202. Satisfaction of Sinking Fund Payments with Securities. 67

Section 1203. Redemption of Securities for Sinking Fund. 67

Article Thirteen REPAYMENT AT THE OPTION OF HOLDERS 67

Section 1301. Applicability of Article 67

Article Fourteen SECURITIES IN FOREIGN CURRENCIES 68

Section 1401. Applicability of Article 68

Article Fifteen MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF SECURITIES 68

Section 1501. Purposes for Which Meetings May Be Called. 68

Section 1502. Call, Notice and Place of Meetings. 68

Section 1503. Persons Entitled to Vote at Meetings. 69

Section 1504. Quorum; Action. 69

Section 1505. Determination of Voting Rights; Conduct and Adjournment of Meetings. 70

Section 1506. Counting Votes and Recording Action of Meetings. 71

iii

INDENTURE, dated
as of April 2, 2025 (the Indenture), by and between BGC GROUP, INC., a corporation duly organized and existing under
the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company), having its principal executive office located at 499 Park Avenue,
New York, New York 10022; and THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK, a duly organized and existing national banking association under the laws
of the United States, as trustee (the Trustee).

RECITALS

The Company has
duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Indenture to provide for the issuance from time to time of its senior or subordinated
debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness (hereinafter called the Securities), unlimited as to principal
amount, to bear such fixed or floating rates of interest, to mature at such time or times, to be issued in one or more series and to have
such other provisions as shall be fixed as hereinafter provided.

All things necessary
to make this Indenture a valid agreement of the Company, in accordance with its terms, have been done.

This Indenture
is subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act (as herein defined), and the rules and regulations of the Commission (as herein
defined) promulgated thereunder that are required to be part of this Indenture and, to the extent applicable, shall be governed by such
provisions.

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE
WITNESSETH:

For and in consideration
of the premises and the purchase of the Securities by the Holders (as herein defined) thereof, it is mutually covenanted and agreed, for
the equal and proportionate benefit of all Holders of the Securities or of any series thereof:

ARTICLE ONE

DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION

Section 101. Definitions.

Except as otherwise
expressly provided in or pursuant to this Indenture or unless the context otherwise requires, for all purposes of this Indenture:

(1) the
terms defined in this Article have the meanings assigned to them in this Article, and include the plural as well as the singular;

(2) all
other terms used herein which are defined in the Trust Indenture Act either directly or by reference therein, have the meanings assigned
to them therein;

(3) all
accounting terms not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in accordance with GAAP;

1

(4) the
words herein, hereof, hereto and hereunder and other words of similar import refer
to this Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision;

(5) the
word or is always used inclusively (for example, the phrase A or B means A or B or both, not
either A or B but not both);

(6)
provisions apply to successive events and transactions;

(7) the
term merger includes a statutory share exchange and the terms merge and merged have correlative
meanings;

(8)
the masculine gender includes the feminine and the neuter; and

(9) references to
agreements and other instruments include subsequent amendments and supplements thereto.

Certain terms used principally in certain
Articles hereof are defined in those Articles.

Act, when used with respect to any Holders, has the meaning
specified in Section 104.

Additional
Amounts means any additional amounts which are required by this Indenture or by any Security, or by the terms of any
Security established pursuant to Section 301, under circumstances specified herein or therein, to be paid by the Company in respect
of certain taxes, duties, levies, imposts, assessments or other governmental charges imposed on Holders specified herein or
therein.

Affiliate
means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect
common control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, control, when used with respect to any specified
Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of
voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms controlling and controlled have meanings correlative
to the foregoing.

Authenticating
Agent means any Person appointed by the Trustee pursuant to Section 612 to act on behalf of the Trustee to authenticate Securities
of one or more series.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company or any committee of that board duly authorized to act generally or
in any particular respect for the Company hereunder.

Board
Resolution means a copy of one or more resolutions, certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company, to
have been duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company and to be in full force and effect on the date of such certification,
delivered to the Trustee.

Business
Day means, unless otherwise specified with respect to the Securities of any series pursuant to Section 301, any day other
than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banking institutions in The City of New York are authorized or obligated by law,
regulation or executive order to close; provided that such term shall mean, when used with respect to any payment of
principal of, or premium or interest, if any, on, or Additional Amounts with respect to, the Securities of any series to be made at
any Place of Payment for such Securities, unless otherwise specified pursuant to Section 301 with respect to such Securities, any
day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banking institutions in such Place of Payment are authorized or obligated by
law, regulation or executive order to close.

2

Capital
Stock of any Person means any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or other equivalents
of or interests in (however designated) the equity of such Person, including any preferred stock, partnership interests and limited liability
company membership interests, but excluding any debt securities convertible into such equity.

Commission
means the Securities and Exchange Commission, as from time to time constituted, or, if at any time after the execution of this Indenture
such Commission is not existing and performing the duties now assigned to it under the Trust Indenture Act, then the body performing such
duties at such time.

Common
Stock includes any stock of any class of the Company which has no preference in respect of dividends or of amounts payable
in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company and which is not subject to redemption
by the Company.

Company
means the Person named as the Company in the first paragraph of this instrument until a successor Person shall have become
such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter Company shall mean such successor Person and
any other obligor upon the Securities.

Company
Request and Company Order mean, respectively, a written request or order, as the case may be, signed in
the name of the Company by the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Operating
Officer, a Vice President, the Treasurer, the Secretary, an Assistant Treasurer or an Assistant Secretary of the Company, or any individual
serving in any of the foregoing roles in an interim capacity, and delivered to the Trustee.

Conversion
Event means the cessation of use of (i) a Foreign Currency both by the government of the country or the confederation which
issued such Foreign Currency and for the settlement of transactions by a central bank or other public institutions of or within the international
banking community or (ii) any currency unit or composite currency for the purposes for which it was established.

Corporate
Trust Office means the corporate trust office of the Trustee, at which at any particular time its corporate trust business
with respect to this Indenture shall be administered, which office at the date of execution of this Indenture is located at The Huntington
National Bank, Corporate Trust & Escrow Services, 2445 8th Street SW, Byron Center, MI 49315, or such other address as
the Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Company, or the corporate trust office of any successor Trustee.

Corporation
includes corporations, partnerships, associations, limited liability companies and other companies, and business trusts. The term corporation
means a corporation and does not include partnerships, associations, limited liability companies or other companies or business trusts.

3

Currency,
with respect to any payment, deposit or other transfer in respect of the principal of or any premium or interest on or any Additional
Amounts with respect to any Security, means Dollars or the Foreign Currency, as the case may be, in which such payment, deposit or other
transfer is required to be made by or pursuant to the terms hereof or such Security and, with respect to any other payment, deposit or
transfer pursuant to or contemplated by the terms hereof or such Security, means Dollars.

CUSIP
number means the alphanumeric designation assigned to a Security by Standard & Poors, CUSIP Service Bureau.

Defaulted Interest has the meaning specified
in Section 307.

Depository
means, with respect to any Security issuable or issued in the form of one or more global Securities, the Person designated as depository
by the Company in or pursuant to this Indenture, and, unless otherwise provided with respect to any Security, any successor to such Person.
If at any time there is more than one such Person, Depository shall mean, with respect to any Securities, the depository
which has been appointed with respect to such Securities.

Dollars
or $ means a dollar or other equivalent unit of legal tender for payment of public or private debts in the United
States of America.

Equivalent Terms has the meaning
specified in Section 1102. Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 501.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor thereto, in each case as amended from time to time.

Foreign
Currency means any currency, currency unit or composite currency issued by the government of one or more countries other than
the United States of America or by any recognized confederation or association of such government.

GAAP
and generally accepted accounting principles mean, unless otherwise specified with respect to any series of Securities
pursuant to Section 301, such accounting principles as are generally accepted in the United States of America as of the date or time of
any computation required hereunder.

4

Government
Obligations means securities which are (i) direct obligations of the United States of America or the other government or
governments in the confederation which issued the Foreign Currency in which the principal of or any premium or interest on the
relevant Security or any Additional Amounts in respect thereof shall be payable, in each case where the payment or payments
thereunder are supported by the full faith and credit of such government or governments or (ii) obligations of a Person controlled
or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of the United States of America or such other government or governments,
in each case where the timely payment or payments thereunder are unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation by
the United States of America or such other government or governments, and which, in the case of (i) or (ii), are not callable or
redeemable at the option of the issuer or issuers thereof, and shall also include a depository receipt issued by a bank or trust
company as custodian with respect to any such Government Obligation or a specific payment of interest on or principal of or other
amount with respect to any such Government Obligation held by such custodian for the account of the holder of a depository receipt,
provided that (except as required by law) such custodian is not authorized to make any deduction from the amount payable to the
holder of such depository receipt from any amount received by the custodian in respect of the Government Obligation or the specific
payment of interest on or principal of or other amount with respect to the Government Obligation evidenced by such depository
receipt.

Holder,
in the case of any Registered Security, means the Person in whose name such Security is registered in the Security Register.

Indebtedness,
when used with respect to any Person, and without duplication, unless otherwise specified with respect to the Securities of any series
pursuant to Section 301, means:

(1) all
indebtedness, obligations and other liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of such Person for borrowed money (including obligations in
respect of overdrafts, foreign exchange contracts, currency exchange agreements, Interest Rate Protection Agreements, and any loans or
advances from banks, whether or not evidenced by notes or similar instruments) or evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other instruments
for the payment of money, or incurred in connection with the acquisition of any property, services or assets (whether or not the recourse
of the lender is to the whole of the assets of such Person or to only a portion thereof), other than any account payable or other accrued
current liability or obligation to trade creditors incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with the obtaining of materials
or services;

(2) all
reimbursement obligations and other liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of such Person with respect to letters of credit, bank guarantees,
bankers acceptances, surety bonds, performance bonds or other guaranty of contractual performance;

(3) all
obligations and liabilities (contingent or otherwise) in respect of (a) leases of such Person required, in conformity with GAAP, to be
accounted for as capitalized lease obligations on the balance sheet of such Person and (b) any lease or related documents (including a
purchase agreement) in connection with the lease of real property which provides that such Person is contractually obligated to purchase
or cause a third party to purchase the leased property and thereby guarantee a minimum residual value of the leased property to the landlord
and the obligations of such Person under such lease or related document to purchase or to cause a third party to purchase the leased property;

(4) all
obligations of such Person (contingent or otherwise) with respect to an interest rate or other swap, cap or collar agreement or other
similar instrument or agreement or foreign currency hedge, exchange, purchase or similar instrument or agreement;

(5) all direct or
indirect guaranties or similar agreements by such Person in respect of, and obligations or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of
such Person to purchase or otherwise acquire or otherwise assure a creditor against loss in respect of, indebtedness, obligations or
liabilities of another Person of the kind described in clauses (1) through (4);

5

(6) any
indebtedness or other obligations described in clauses (1) through (5) secured by any mortgage, pledge, lien or other encumbrance existing
on property which is owned or held by such Person, regardless of whether the indebtedness or other obligation secured thereby shall have
been assumed by such Person; and

(7) any
and all deferrals, renewals, extensions, refinancings, replacements, restatements and refundings of, or amendments, modifications or supplements
to, any indebtedness, obligation or liability of the kind described in clauses (1) through (6).

Indenture
means this instrument as originally executed or as it may from time to time be supplemented or amended by one or more indentures supplemental
hereto entered into pursuant to the applicable provisions hereof and, with respect to any Security, by the terms and provisions of such
Security established pursuant to Section 301 (as such terms and provisions may be amended pursuant to the applicable provisions hereof),
provided, however, that, if at any time more than one Person is acting as Trustee under this instrument, Indenture
shall mean, with respect to any one or more series of Securities for which such Person is Trustee, this instrument as originally executed
or as it may from time to time be supplemented or amended by one or more indentures supplemental hereto entered into pursuant to the applicable
provisions hereof and shall include the terms of those particular series of Securities for which such Person is Trustee established pursuant
to Section 301, exclusive, however, of any provisions or terms which relate solely to other series of Securities for which such Person
is not Trustee, regardless of when such terms or provisions were adopted.

Indexed
Security means a Security the terms of which provide that the principal amount thereof payable at Stated Maturity may be more
or less than the principal face amount thereof at original issuance.

interest,
with respect to any Original Issue Discount Security which by its terms bears interest only after Maturity, means interest payable after
Maturity.

Interest
Payment Date, with respect to any Security, means the Stated Maturity of an installment of interest on such Security.

Interest
Rate Protection Agreement means, with respect to any Person, any interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap or collar
agreement or other financial agreement or arrangement designed to protect such Person against fluctuations in interest rates, as in effect
from time to time.

Judgment Currency has the meaning specified
in Section 116.

Maturity,
with respect to any Security, means the date on which the principal of such Security or an installment of principal becomes due and
payable as provided in or pursuant to this Indenture or such Security, whether at the Stated Maturity, upon acceleration, upon
redemption at the option of the Company, upon repurchase or repayment at the option of the Holder or otherwise, and includes a
Redemption Date for such Security and a date fixed for the repurchase or repayment of such Security at the option of the Holder.

6

New York Banking Day has the meaning
specified in Section 116.

Office
or Agency, with respect to any Securities, means an office or agency of the Company maintained or designated in a
Place of Payment for such Securities pursuant to Section 1002 or any other office or agency of the Company maintained or designated for
such Securities pursuant to Section 1002 or, to the extent designated or required by Section 1002 in lieu of such office or agency, the
Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee.

Officers
Certificate means a certificate signed by the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer,
the Chief Operating Officer, a Vice President, the Treasurer, an Assistant Treasurer, the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company,
or any individual serving in any of the foregoing roles in an interim capacity, that complies with the requirements of Section 314(e)
of the Trust Indenture Act and is delivered to the Trustee.

Opinion
of Counsel means a written opinion of counsel, who may be an employee of or counsel for the Company or other counsel who shall
be reasonably acceptable to the Trustee, that, if required by the Trust Indenture Act, complies with the requirements of Section 314(e)
of the Trust Indenture Act.

Original
Issue Discount Security means a Security issued pursuant to this Indenture which provides for an amount less than the principal
amount thereof to be due and payable upon acceleration pursuant to Section 502.

Outstanding,
when used with respect to any Securities, means, as of the date of determination, all such Securities theretofore authenticated and delivered
under this Indenture, except:

(a) any such Security theretofore cancelled by the Trustee or the Security Registrar or delivered to the Trustee or the Security Registrar
for cancellation;

(b) any such Security for whose payment at the Maturity thereof money in the necessary amount (or, to the
extent that such Security is payable at such Maturity in shares of Common Stock or other securities or property, Common Stock or such
other securities or property in the necessary amount, together with, if applicable, cash in lieu of fractional shares or securities) has
been theretofore deposited pursuant hereto (other than pursuant to Section 402) with the Trustee or any Paying Agent (other than the Company)
in trust or set aside and segregated in trust by the Company (if the Company shall act as its own Paying Agent) for the Holders of such
Securities, provided that, if such Securities are to be redeemed, notice of such redemption has been duly given pursuant to this
Indenture or provision therefor satisfactory to the Trustee has been made;

7

(c) any such Security with respect to which the Company has effected defeasance or covenant defeasance pursuant
to Section 402, except to the extent provided in Section 402;

(d) any such Security which has been paid pursuant to Section 306 or in exchange for or in lieu of which
other Securities have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to this Indenture, unless there shall have been presented to the Trustee
proof satisfactory to it that such Security is held by a bona fide purchaser in whose hands such Security is a valid obligation of the
Company; and

(e) any such Security converted or exchanged as contemplated by this Indenture into Common Stock or other
securities or property, if the terms of such Security provide for such conversion or exchange pursuant to Section 301;

provided,
however, that in determining whether the Holders of the requisite principal amount of Outstanding Securities have given any
request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver hereunder or are present at a meeting of Holders of Securities
for quorum purposes, (i) the principal amount of an Original Issue Discount Security that may be counted in making such
determination and that shall be deemed to be Outstanding for such purposes shall be equal to the amount of the principal thereof
that pursuant to the terms of such Original Issue Discount Security would be due and payable upon acceleration thereof pursuant to
Section 502 at the time of such determination, and (ii) the principal amount of any Indexed Security that may be counted in making
such determination and that shall be deemed Outstanding for such purpose shall be equal to the principal amount of such Indexed
Security at original issuance, unless otherwise provided in or pursuant to this Indenture, and (iii) the principal amount of a
Security denominated in a Foreign Currency that may be counted in making such determination and that shall be deemed Outstanding for
such purposes shall be the Dollar equivalent, determined on the date of original issuance of such Security, of the principal amount
(or, in the case of an Original Issue Discount Security, the Dollar equivalent on the date of original issuance of such Security of
the amount determined as provided in (i) above) of such Security, and (iv) Securities owned by the Company or any other obligor upon
the Securities or any Affiliate of the Company or such other obligor shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding, except
that, in determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in making any such determination or relying upon any such request,
demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver, the Trustee shall be entitled to conclusively rely on any such request,
demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver, but only to the extent the Responsible Officer of the Trustee making
such determination does not have actual knowledge that such Securities are not so owned. Securities so owned which shall have been
pledged in good faith may be regarded as Outstanding if the pledgee establishes in writing to the satisfaction of the Trustee (A)
the pledgees right so to act with respect to such Securities and (B) that the pledgee is not the Company or any other obligor
upon the Securities or an Affiliate of the Company or such other obligor.

Paying
Agent means any Person authorized and appointed by the Company to pay the principal of, or any premium or interest on, or any
Additional Amounts with respect to, any Security on behalf of the Company.

8

Person
and person mean any individual, Corporation, joint venture, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization
or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

Place
of Payment, with respect to any Security, means the place or places where the principal of, or any premium or interest on,
or any Additional Amounts with respect to such Security are payable as provided in or pursuant to this Indenture or such Security.

Predecessor
Security of any particular Security means every previous Security evidencing all or a portion of the same indebtedness as that
evidenced by such particular Security; and, for the purposes of this definition, any Security authenticated and delivered under Section
306 in exchange for or in lieu of a lost, destroyed, mutilated or stolen Security shall be deemed to evidence the same indebtedness as
the lost, destroyed, mutilated or stolen Security.

Redemption
Date, with respect to any Security or portion thereof to be redeemed, means the date fixed for such redemption by or pursuant
to this Indenture or such Security.

Redemption
Price, with respect to any Security or portion thereof to be redeemed, means the price at which it is to be redeemed as determined
by or pursuant to this Indenture or such Security.

Registered
Security means any Security established pursuant to Section 201 which is registered in the Security Register.

Regular
Record Date for the interest payable on any Registered Security on any Interest Payment Date therefor means the date, if any,
specified in or pursuant to this Indenture or such Security as the regular record date for the payment of such interest.

Required Currency has the meaning specified
in Section 116.

Responsible
Officer means, when used with respect to the Trustee, any officer within the corporate trust department of the Trustee, including
any vice president, assistant vice president, assistant secretary, assistant treasurer, trust officer or any other officer of the Trustee
who customarily performs functions similar to those performed by the Persons who at the time shall be such officers, respectively, or
to whom any corporate trust matter is referred because of such persons knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject
and, in each case, who shall have direct responsibility for the administration of this Indenture.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any successor thereto, in each case as amended from time to time.

Security
or Securities means any note or notes, bond or bonds, debenture or debentures, or any other evidences of indebtedness,
as the case may be, authenticated and delivered under this Indenture; provided, however, that, if at any time there is more than
one Person acting as Trustee under this Indenture, Securities, with respect to any such Person, shall mean Securities authenticated
and delivered under this Indenture, exclusive, however, of Securities of any series as to which such Person is not Trustee.

9

Security
Register and Security Registrar have the respective meanings specified in Section 305.

Significant
Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Company which is a significant subsidiary as defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation
S-X promulgated by the Commission (as such rule is in effect on the date of this Indenture).

Special
Record Date for the payment of any Defaulted Interest on any Registered Security means a date fixed therefor by the Trustee
pursuant to Section 307.

Stated
Maturity, with respect to any Security or any installment of principal thereof or interest thereon or any Additional Amounts
with respect thereto, means the date established by or pursuant to this Indenture or such Security as the fixed date on which the principal
of such Security or such installment of principal or interest is, or such Additional Amounts are, due and payable.

Subsidiary
means (1) any corporation at least a majority of the total voting power of whose outstanding Voting Stock is owned, directly or indirectly,
at the date of determination by the Company and/or one or more other Subsidiaries, and (2) any other Person in which the Company and/or
one or more other Subsidiaries, directly or indirectly, at the date of determination,

(x) own at least
a majority of the outstanding ownership interests or (y) have the power to elect or direct the election of, or to appoint or approve the
appointment of, at least a majority of the directors, trustees or managing members of, or other persons holding similar positions with,
such Person.

Trust
Indenture Act means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, and any reference herein to the Trust Indenture Act or a particular
provision thereof shall mean such Act or provision, as the case may be, as amended or replaced from time to time or as supplemented from
time to time by rules or regulations adopted by the Commission under or in furtherance of the purposes of such Act or provision, as the
case may be.

Trustee
means the Person named as the Trustee in the first paragraph of this instrument until a successor Trustee shall have
become such with respect to one or more series of Securities pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter Trustee
shall mean each Person who is then a Trustee hereunder; provided, however, that if at any time there is more than one such Person,
Trustee shall mean each such Person and as used with respect to the Securities of any series shall mean the Trustee
with respect to the Securities of such series.

United
States, means the United States of America (including the states thereof and the District of Columbia), its territories, its
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction; and the term United States of America means the United States
of America.

United
States Alien, except as otherwise provided in or pursuant to this Indenture or any Security, means any Person who, for U.S.
federal income tax purposes, is a foreign corporation, a non-resident alien individual, a non-resident alien fiduciary of a foreign estate
or trust, or a foreign partnership one or more of the members of which is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a foreign corporation,
a non-resident alien individual or a non-resident alien fiduciary of a foreign estate or trust.

10

Vice
President, when used with respect to the Company or the Trustee, means any vice president, whether or not designated by a number
or a word or words added before or after the title Vice President.

Voting
Stock means, with respect to any corporation, any class or series of Capital Stock of such corporation the holders of which
are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, entitled to vote for the election of, or to appoint or to approve the appointment of,
the directors of, or other persons holding similar positions with, such corporation.

Section 102. Compliance Certificates and Opinions.

Except as otherwise
expressly provided in or pursuant to this Indenture, upon any application or request by the Company to the Trustee to take any action
under any provision of this Indenture, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that all conditions
precedent, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been complied with and an Opinion of Counsel stating
that, in the opinion of such counsel, all such conditions precedent, if any, have been complied with, except that in the case of any such
application or request as to which the furnishing of such documents or any of them is specifically required by any provision of this Indenture
relating to such particular application or request, no additional certificate or opinion need be furnished.

Section 103. Form of Documents Delivered to Trustee.

In any case where
several matters are required to be certified by, or covered by an opinion of, any specified Person, it is not necessary that all such
matters be certified by, or covered by the opinion of, only one such Person, or that they be so certified or covered by only one document,
but one such Person may certify or give an opinion with respect to some matters and one or more other such Persons as to other matters,
and any such Person may certify or give an opinion as to such matters in one or several documents.

Any certificate
or opinion of an officer of the Company may be based, insofar as it relates to legal matters, upon an Opinion of Counsel, unless such
officer knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the Opinion of Counsel with respect to the matters upon which his
certificate or opinion is based is erroneous. Any such Opinion of Counsel may be based, insofar as it relates to factual matters, upon
a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, an officer or officers of the Company, a governmental official or officers or any
other Person or Persons, stating that the information with respect to such factual matters is in the possession of the Company unless
counsel rendering the Opinion of Counsel knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate, opinion or representations
with respect to such matters are erroneous.

Where any Person
is required to make, give or execute two or more applications, requests, consents, certificates, statements, opinions or other instruments
under this Indenture or any Security, they may, but need not, be consolidated and form one instrument.

11

Section 104. Acts of Holders.

(1) Any request,
demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided by or pursuant to this Indenture to be made,
given or taken by Holders may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such
Holders in person or by an agent duly appointed in writing. Except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action shall become
effective when such instrument or instruments or record or both are delivered to the Trustee and, where it is hereby expressly
required, to the Company. Such instrument or instruments and any such record (and the action embodied therein and evidenced thereby)
are herein sometimes referred to as the Act of the Holders signing such instrument or instruments or so voting at any
such meeting. Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such agent, or of the holding by any Person
of a Security, shall be sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture and (subject to Section 315 of the Trust Indenture Act)
conclusive in favor of the Trustee and the Company and any agent of the Trustee or the Company, if made in the manner provided in
this Section. The record of any meeting of Holders of Securities shall be proved in the manner provided in Section 1506.

Without limiting
the generality of this Section 104, unless otherwise provided in or pursuant to this Indenture, a Holder, including a Depository that
is a Holder of a global Security, may make, give or take, by a proxy or proxies, duly appointed in writing, any request, demand, authorization,
direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act provided in or pursuant to this Indenture or the Securities to be made, given or taken
by Holders, and a Depository that is a Holder of a global Security may provide its proxy or proxies to the beneficial owners of interests
in any such global Security through such Depositorys standing instructions and customary practices.

(2) The
fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such instrument or writing may be proved in any reasonable manner which the Trustee
deems sufficient and in accordance with such reasonable rules as the Trustee may determine; and the Trustee may in any instance require
further proof with respect to any of the matters referred to in this Section.

(3) The
ownership, principal amount and serial numbers of Registered Securities held by any Person, and the date of the commencement and the date
of the termination of holding the same, shall be proved by the Security Register.

(4) If
the Company shall solicit from the Holders of any Registered Securities any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent,
waiver or other Act, the Company may at its option (but is not obligated to), by Board Resolution, fix in advance a record date for the
determination of Holders of Registered Securities entitled to give such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver
or other Act. If such a record date is fixed, such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act may
be given before or after such record date, but only the Holders of Registered Securities of record at the close of business on such record
date shall be deemed to be Holders for the purpose of determining whether Holders of the requisite proportion of Outstanding Securities
have authorized, agreed or consented to such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act, and for
that purpose the Outstanding Securities shall be computed as of such record date; provided that no such authorization, agreement
or consent by the Holders of Registered Securities shall be deemed effective unless it shall become effective pursuant to the provisions
of this Indenture not later than six months after the record date.

12

(5) Any request,
demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act by the Holder of any Security shall bind every future Holder
of the same Security and the Holder of every Security issued upon the registration of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in
lieu thereof in respect of anything done or suffered to be done by the Trustee, any Security Registrar, any Paying Agent or the
Company in reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such Act is made upon such Security.

Section 105. Notices, etc. to Trustee and Company.

Any request, demand,
authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act of Holders or other document provided or permitted by this Indenture to
be made upon, given or furnished to, or filed with,

(1) the
Trustee by any Holder or the Company shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder if made, given, furnished or filed in writing (including
electronic delivery) to or with the Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office, or

(2) the
Company by the Trustee or any Holder shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder (unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if in
writing (including electronic delivery) and mailed, first-class postage prepaid, to the Company addressed to the attention of its Chief
Financial Officer or the individual serving in that capacity at the address of its principal office specified in the first paragraph of
this instrument or at any other address previously furnished in writing to the Trustee by the Company.

Section 106. Notice to Holders of Securities; Waiver.

Except as otherwise
expressly provided in or pursuant to this Indenture, where this Indenture provides for notice to Holders of Securities of any event, such
notice shall be sufficiently given to Holders of Registered Securities if in writing and mailed, first-class postage prepaid, to each
Holder of a Registered Security affected by such event, at his address as it appears in the Security Register, not later than the latest
date, and not earlier than the earliest date, prescribed for the giving of such notice.

In any case where
notice to Holders of Registered Securities is given by mail, neither the failure to mail such notice, nor any defect in any notice so
mailed, to any particular Holder of a Registered Security shall affect the sufficiency of such notice with respect to other Holders of
Registered Securities. Any notice which is mailed in the manner herein provided shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given
or provided. In the case by reason of the suspension of regular mail service or by reason of any other cause it shall be impracticable
to give such notice by mail, then such notification as shall be made with the approval of the Trustee in its sole discretion shall constitute
a sufficient notification for every purpose hereunder.

Where this Indenture
provides for notice in any manner, such notice may be waived in writing by the Person entitled to receive such notice, either before or
after the event, and such waiver shall be the equivalent of such notice. Waivers of notice by Holders of Securities shall be filed with
the Trustee, but such filing shall not be a condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in reliance upon such waiver.

13

Anything
herein to the contrary notwithstanding, unless otherwise expressly stated in this Indenture or pursuant to Section 301 with respect
to the Securities of any series, if a Depository or its nominee is the Holder of any Security, then any notice given to such
Depository or its nominee, as the case may be, in respect of such Security may be given by the Company or the Trustee electronically
in accordance with the procedures of such Depository as in effect from time to time in lieu of giving notice to such Depository or
such nominee, as the case may be, by mail and all references in this Indenture to the mailing of any such notice shall be deemed to
mean, solely as concerns the notice given by the Company or the Trustee to such Depository or its nominee, as the case may be, the
electronic transmission of such notice as aforesaid, mutatis mutandis.

Section 107. Language of Notices.

Any request,
demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action required or permitted under this Indenture shall be in the English
language, except that, if the Company so elects, any published notice may be in an official language of the country of publication.

Section 108. Conflict with Trust Indenture Act.

If any provision
hereof limits, qualifies or conflicts with any duties under any required provision of the Trust Indenture Act imposed hereon by Section
318(c) thereof, such required provision shall control.

Section 109. Effect of Headings and Table of Contents.

The Article and
Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.

Section 110. Successors and Assigns.

All covenants
and agreements in this Indenture by the Company shall bind its successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not.

Section 111. Separability Clause.

In case any provision
in this Indenture or any Security shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining
provisions shall not, to the fullest extent permitted by law, in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

Section 112. Benefits of Indenture.

Nothing in this
Indenture or any Security, express or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the parties hereto, any Security Registrar, any Paying
Agent and their successors hereunder and the Holders of Securities, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under
this Indenture.

14

Section 113. Governing Law; Non-Exclusive Jurisdiction;
Waiver of Jury Trial.

This
Indenture and the Securities shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard
to conflicts of law principles of such State other than New York General Obligations Law Section 5-1401 and Section 5-1402. The
Company hereby (i) irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any federal or state court sitting in the Borough of
Manhattan, the City of New York, (ii) waives any objection to the laying of venue in any such action or proceeding in such courts,
and (iii) waives any objection that such courts are an inconvenient forum or do not have any jurisdiction over any party, in each
case solely in legal proceedings arising out of or relating to this Indenture or the Securities. Each of the Company, the Holders
and the Trustee hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in
any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Indenture or the Securities.

Section 114. Legal Holidays.

Unless otherwise
specified in or pursuant to this Indenture or any Securities, in any case where any Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date, sinking fund
payment date, Stated Maturity or Maturity of, or any other day on which a payment is due with respect to, any Security shall be a day
which is not a Business Day, then payment need not be made on such day, but such payment may be made on the next succeeding day that is
a relevant Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on the Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date, sinking fund payment
date, or at the Stated Maturity or Maturity or on any such other payment date, as the case may be, and no interest shall accrue or be
payable on such succeeding Business Day for the period from and after such Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date, sinking fund payment
date, or Stated Maturity, Maturity or other payment date, as the case may be, to such succeeding Business Day.

Section 115. Counterparts.

This Indenture
may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which shall constitute but one and the same instrument.
The exchange of copies of this Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution
and delivery of this Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Indenture for all purposes. Signatures
of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. This Indenture
shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party when executed and delivered by an authorized individual on behalf of the party
by means of (i) an original manual signature; (ii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or (iii) any other electronic signature
permitted by the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions
Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including any relevant provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code (collectively,
Signature Law), in each case to the extent applicable. Each faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other
electronic signature, shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual
signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned,
or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any other party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise
verify the validity or authenticity thereof. This Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed
to be an original, but such counterparts shall, together, constitute one and the same instrument. For the avoidance of doubt, original
manual signatures shall be used for execution or indorsement of writings when required under the Uniform Commercial Code or other Signature
Law due to the character or intended character of the writings.

15

Section 116. Judgment Currency.

The Company agrees,
to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so under applicable law, that (a) if for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court
it is necessary to convert the sum due in respect of the principal of, or premium or interest, if any, or Additional Amounts on the Securities
of any series (the Required Currency) into a currency in which a judgment will be rendered (the Judgment
Currency), the rate of exchange used shall be the rate at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Trustee could
purchase in The City of New York the Required Currency with the Judgment Currency on the New York Banking Day preceding the date on which
a final unappealable judgment is given and (b) its obligations under this Indenture to make payments in the Required Currency (i) shall
not be discharged or satisfied by any tender, or any recovery pursuant to any judgment (whether or not entered in accordance with clause
(a)), in any currency other than the Required Currency, except to the extent that such tender or recovery shall result in the actual receipt,
by the payee, of the full amount of the Required Currency expressed to be payable in respect of such payments, (ii) shall be enforceable
as an alternative or additional cause of action for the purpose of recovering in the Required Currency the amount, if any, by which such
actual receipt shall fall short of the full amount of the Required Currency so expressed to be payable and (iii) shall not be affected
by judgment being obtained for any other sum due under this Indenture. For purposes of the foregoing, New York Banking Day
means any day except a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday in The City of New York or a day on which banking institutions in The City
of New York are authorized or obligated by law, regulation or executive order to be closed. The provisions of this Section 116 shall not
be applicable with respect to any payment due on a Security which is payable in Dollars.

Section 117. USA PATRIOT Act.

The parties hereto
acknowledge that in accordance with Section 326 of the U.S.A. PATRIOT Act, the Trustee, like all financial institutions and in order to
help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person
or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Trustee. The parties to this Indenture agree that they will
provide the Trustee with such information as it may request in order for the Trustee to satisfy the requirements of the U.S.A. PATRIOT
Act.

Section 118. Force Majeure.

In no event shall
the Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder or other document or agreement
entered into in connection herewith arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without
limitation, any act or provision of any present or future law or regulation or governmental authority, the unavailability of the Federal
Reserve Bank wire or telex or other wire of communication facility, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil
or military disturbances, pandemics, epidemics, recognized public emergencies, quarantine restrictions, nuclear or natural catastrophes
or acts of God, and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services and
hacking, cyber-attacks, or other use or infiltration of the Trustees technological infrastructure exceeding authorized access;
it being understood that the Trustee shall use reasonable efforts which are consistent with the Trustees business recovery process
to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances.

16

Section 119. Extension of Payment Dates.

In the event
that (i) the terms of any Security established in or pursuant to this Indenture permit the Company or any Holder thereof to extend the
date on which any payment of principal of, or premium, if any, or interest, if any, on, or Additional Amounts, if any, with respect to
such Security is due and payable and (ii) the due date for any such payment shall have been so extended, then all references herein to
the Stated Maturity of such payment (and all references of like import) shall be deemed to refer to the date as so extended.

Section 120. Immunity of Stockholders, Directors, Officers
and Agents of the Company.

No recourse under
or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement contained in this Indenture, or in any Security, or because of any indebtedness evidenced
thereby, shall be had against any past, present or future stockholder, employee, officer or director, as such, of the Company or of any
of the Companys predecessors or successors, either directly or through the Company or any predecessor or successor, under any rule
of law, statute or constitutional provision or by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding or otherwise,
all such liability being expressly waived and released by the acceptance of the Securities by the Holders and as part of the consideration
for the issue of the Securities.

ARTICLE
TWO

SECURITIES FORMS

Section 201. Forms Generally.

Each Registered
Security and temporary or permanent global Security issued pursuant to this Indenture shall be in the form established by or pursuant
to a Board Resolution of the Company and set forth in an Officers Certificate of the Company, or established in one or more indentures
supplemental hereto, shall have such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as are required or permitted
by or pursuant to this Indenture or any indenture supplemental hereto and may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification
and such legends or endorsements placed thereon as may, consistently herewith, be determined by the officer of the Company executing such
Security as evidenced by the execution of such Security.

Unless otherwise
provided in or pursuant to this Indenture or any Securities, the Securities shall be issuable in registered form without coupons.

Definitive Securities
shall be printed, lithographed or engraved or produced by any combination of these methods on a steel engraved border or steel engraved
borders or may be produced in any other manner, all as determined by the officer of the Company executing such Securities, as evidenced
by the execution of such Securities.

17

Section 202. Form of Trustees Certificate of
Authentication.

Subject to Section
612, the Trustees certificate of authentication shall be in substantially the following form:

This
is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

The Huntington National Bank,

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Date: 

Section 203. Securities in Global Form.

Unless otherwise
provided in or pursuant to this Indenture or any Securities, the Securities shall be issuable in global form. If Securities of a series
shall be issuable in temporary or permanent global form, any such Security may provide that it or any principal amount of such Securities
shall represent the aggregate amount of all Outstanding Securities of such series (or such lesser principal amount as is permitted by
the terms thereof) from time to time endorsed thereon or reflected on the books and records of the Trustee and the Depository and may
also provide that the aggregate principal amount of Outstanding Securities represented thereby may from time to time be increased or reduced
to reflect exchanges. Any endorsement of any Security in global form to reflect the principal amount, or any increase or decrease in the
principal amount, or changes in the rights of Holders, of Outstanding Securities represented thereby shall be made in such manner and
by such Person or Persons as shall be specified therein or pursuant to Section 301 with respect to such Security or in the Company Order
to be delivered pursuant to Section 303 or 304 with respect thereto. Subject to the provisions of Section 303 and, if applicable, Section
304, the Trustee shall deliver and redeliver any Security in global form in the manner and upon written instructions given by the Person
or Persons specified therein or pursuant to Section 301 with respect to such Security or in the applicable Company Order. If a Company
Order pursuant to Section 303 or 304 has been, or simultaneously is, delivered, any instructions by the Company with respect to a Security
in global form shall be in writing but need not be accompanied by or contained in an Officers Certificate of the Company and need
not be accompanied by an Opinion of Counsel. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, in the event a global Security
is exchangeable for definitive Securities as provided in Section 305, then, unless otherwise provided in or pursuant to this Indenture
with respect to the Securities of such series, the Trustee shall deliver and redeliver such global Security to the extent necessary to
effect such exchanges, shall endorse such global Security to reflect any decrease in the principal amount thereto resulting from such
exchanges and shall take such other actions, all as contemplated by Section 305.

Notwithstanding
the provisions of Section 307, payment of principal of, any premium and interest on, and any Additional Amounts in respect of any Security
in temporary or permanent global form shall be made to the Person in whose name such Security is registered.

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, the Trustee and any agent of the Company and the Trustee shall treat as the Holder of the principal amount of
Outstanding Securities represented by a global Security, in the case of a global Security in registered form, the Holder of such global
Security in registered form.

ARTICLE
THREE

THE SECURITIES

Section 301. Amount Unlimited; Issuable in Series.

The aggregate principal
amount of Securities which may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture is unlimited. The Securities may be issued in one or
more series.

With respect
to any Securities to be authenticated and delivered hereunder, there shall be established in or pursuant to one or more Board Resolutions
of the Company and set forth in an Officers Certificate of the Company, or established in one or more indentures supplemental hereto,
prior to the issuance of any Securities of a series,

(1)
the title of the Securities of such series;

(2) any
limit upon the aggregate principal amount of the Securities of such series which may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture
(except for Securities authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other Securities
of such series pursuant to Section 304, 305, 306, 905 or 1107, upon repayment in part of any Security of such series pursuant to Article
Thirteen or upon surrender in part of any Security for conversion or exchange into Common Stock or other securities or property pursuant
to its terms);

18

(3) if
any of such Securities are to be issuable in global form, when any of such Securities are to be issuable in global form and (i) whether
such Securities are to be issued in temporary or permanent global form or both, (ii) whether beneficial owners of interests in any such
global Security may exchange such interests for Securities of the same series and of like tenor and of any authorized form and denomination,
and the circumstances under which any such exchanges may occur, if other than in the manner specified in Section 305, (iii) the name of
the Depository with respect to any such global Security and (iv) if applicable and in addition to the Persons specified in Section 305,
the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to make any endorsements on any such global Security and to give the instructions and take
the other actions with respect to such global Security contemplated by the first paragraph of Section 203;

(4) the
date or dates, or the method or methods, if any, by which such date or dates shall be determined, on which the principal and premium,
if any, of such Securities is payable;

(5) the
rate or rates at which such Securities shall bear interest, if any, or the method or methods, if any, by which such rate or rates are
to be determined, the date or dates, if any, from which such interest shall accrue or the method or methods, if any, by which such date
or dates are to be determined, the Interest Payment Dates, if any, on which such interest shall be payable and the Regular Record Date,
if any, for the interest payable on Registered Securities on any Interest Payment Date, the notice, if any, to Holders regarding the determination
of interest on a floating rate Security and the manner of giving such notice, and the basis upon which interest shall be calculated
if other than that of a 360- day year of twelve 30-day months;

(6) whether
Securities of the series will be senior or subordinated obligations of the Company and, if subordinated, the relevant subordination provisions
applicable to the Securities;

(7) if
in addition to or other than the Corporate Trust Office, the place or places where the principal of, any premium and interest on or any
Additional Amounts with respect to such Securities shall be payable, any of such Securities that are Registered Securities may be surrendered
for registration of transfer or exchange, any of such Securities may be surrendered for conversion or exchange and notices or demands
to or upon the Company in respect of such Securities and this Indenture may be served;

(8) whether
any of such Securities are to be redeemable at the option of the Company and, if so, the date or dates on which, the period or periods
within which, the price or prices at which and the other terms and conditions upon which such Securities may be redeemed, in whole or
in part, at the option of the Company;

(9) if
the Company is obligated to redeem or purchase any of such Securities pursuant to any sinking fund or analogous provision or at the option
of any Holder thereof and, if so, the date or dates on which, the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which and the
other terms and conditions upon which such Securities shall be redeemed or purchased, in whole or in part, pursuant to such obligation,
and any provisions for the remarketing of such Securities so redeemed or purchased;

(10) the
denominations in which any of such Securities that are Registered Securities shall be issuable if other than minimum denominations of
$2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof;

(11) whether
such Securities will be convertible into and/or exchangeable for Common Stock or other securities or property, and if so, the terms and
conditions upon which such Securities will be so convertible or exchangeable, and any deletions from or modifications or additions to
this Indenture to permit or to facilitate the issuance of such convertible or exchangeable Securities or the administration thereof;

(12) if
other than the principal amount thereof, the portion of the principal amount of any of such Securities that shall be payable upon acceleration
of the Maturity thereof pursuant to Section 502 or the method by which such portion is to be determined;

(13) if
other than Dollars, the Foreign Currency in which purchases of such Securities must be made and the Foreign Currency in which payment
of the principal of, any premium or interest on or any Additional Amounts with respect to any of such Securities shall be payable;

19

(14) if
the principal of, any premium or interest on or any Additional Amounts with respect to any of such Securities are to be payable, at the
election of the Company or a Holder thereof or otherwise, in a Currency other than that in which such Securities are stated to
be payable, the date or dates on which, the period or periods within which, and the other terms and conditions upon which, such election
may be made, and the time and manner of determining the exchange rate between the Currency in which such Securities are stated to be payable
and the Currency in which such Securities or any of them are to be paid pursuant to such election, and any deletions from or modifications
of or additions to the terms of this Indenture to provide for or to facilitate the issuance of Securities denominated or payable, at the
election of the Company or a Holder thereof or otherwise, in a Foreign Currency;

(15) if
the amount of payments of principal of, any premium or interest on or any Additional Amounts with respect to such Securities may be determined
with reference to an index, formula or other method or methods (which index, formula or method or methods may be based, without limitation,
on one or more Currencies, commodities, equity indices or other indices), and, if so, the terms and conditions upon which and the manner
in which such amounts shall be determined and paid or payable;

(16) any
deletions from, modifications of or additions to the Events of Default or covenants of the Company with respect to any of such Securities
(whether or not such Events of Default or covenants are consistent with the Events of Default or covenants set forth herein);

(17) if
any one or more of Section 401 relating to satisfaction and discharge, Section 402(2) relating to defeasance or Section 402(3) relating
to covenant defeasance shall not be applicable to such Securities, and any covenants in addition to or other than those specified in Section
402(3) relating to such Securities which shall be subject to covenant defeasance, and, if such Securities are subject to repurchase or
repayment at the option of the Holders thereof pursuant to Article Thirteen, if the Companys obligation to repurchase or repay
such Securities will be subject to satisfaction and discharge pursuant to Section 401 or to defeasance or covenant defeasance pursuant
to Section 402, and, if the Holders of such Securities have the right to convert or exchange such Securities into Common Stock or other
securities or property, if the right to effect such conversion or exchange will be subject to satisfaction and discharge pursuant to Section
401 or to defeasance or covenant defeasance pursuant to Section 402, and any deletions from, or modifications or additions to, the provisions
of Article Four (including any modification which would permit satisfaction and discharge, defeasance or covenant defeasance to be effected
with respect to less than all of the outstanding Securities of such series) in respect of such Securities;

(18) if
any of such Securities are to be issuable upon the exercise of warrants, and the time, manner and place for such Securities to be authenticated
and delivered;

(19) if
any of such Securities are issuable in global form and are to be issuable in definitive form (whether upon original issue or upon exchange
of a temporary Security) only upon receipt of certain certificates or other documents or satisfaction of other conditions, then the form
and terms of such certificates, documents or conditions;

20

(20)
whether and under what circumstances the Company will pay Additional Amounts on such Securities to any holder who is a United States
Alien in respect of any tax, assessment or other government charge and, if so, whether the Company will have the option to redeem such
Securities rather than pay such Additional Amounts;

(21) if
there is more than one Trustee, the identity of the Trustee that has any obligations, duties and remedies with respect to such Securities
and, if not the Trustee, the identity of each Security Registrar, Paying Agent or Authenticating Agent with respect to such Securities;

(22) the
extent to which, or the manner in which, any interest payable on a temporary global Security will be paid if other than in the manner
provided in this Indenture; and

(23) any
other terms of such Securities and any deletions from or modifications or additions to this Indenture in respect of such Securities.

All Securities
of any one series shall be substantially identical except as to Currency of payments due thereunder, denomination and the rate of interest,
or method of determining the rate of interest, if any, Maturity, and the date from which interest, if any, shall accrue and except as
may otherwise be provided by the Company in or pursuant to the Board Resolution of the Company and set forth in the Officers Certificate
of the Company or in any indenture or indentures supplemental hereto pertaining to such series of Securities. The Securities of any series
shall be authenticated and delivered by the Trustee on original issue from time to time upon receipt of an Officers Certificate,
Opinion of Counsel and Company Order pursuant to Section 303.

All Securities
of any one series need not be issued at the same time and, unless otherwise provided by the Company as contemplated by this Section 301,
a series may be reopened from time to time without the consent of any Holders for issuances of additional Securities of such series or
to establish additional terms of such series of Securities.

If any of the
terms of the Securities of any series shall be established by action taken by or pursuant to Board Resolutions of the Company, such Board
Resolution shall be delivered to the Trustee at or prior to the delivery of the Officers Certificate of the Company setting forth
the terms of such series.

21

Section 302. Currency; Denominations.

Unless otherwise
provided in or pursuant to this Indenture, the principal of, any premium and interest on and any Additional Amounts with respect to the
Securities shall be payable in Dollars. Unless otherwise provided in or pursuant to this Indenture, Registered Securities denominated
in Dollars shall be issuable in registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000
in excess thereof. Securities not denominated in Dollars shall be issuable in such denominations as are established with respect to such
Securities in or pursuant to this Indenture.

Section 303. Execution, Authentication, Delivery and
Dating.

Securities shall
be executed on behalf of the Company by its Chairman, its Chief Executive Officer, its President, its Chief Financial Officer, its Chief
Operating Officer, one of its Vice Presidents, its Treasurer or one of its Assistant Treasurers, or its Secretary or one of its Assistant
Secretaries, or any individual serving in any of the foregoing roles in an interim capacity, and may (but need not) have its corporate
seal or a facsimile thereof reproduced thereon. The signature of any of these officers on the Securities may be manual, electronic or
facsimile.

Securities bearing
the manual, electronic or facsimile signatures of individuals who were at any time the proper officers of the Company shall, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, bind the Company, notwithstanding that such individuals or any of them have ceased to hold such offices prior
to the authentication and delivery of such Securities or did not hold such offices at the date of such Securities.

At any time and
from time to time after the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Company may deliver Securities, executed by the Company, to
the Trustee for authentication and, provided that the Board Resolution and Officers Certificate of the Company or supplemental
indenture or indentures with respect to such Securities referred to in Section 301 and a Company Order for the authentication and delivery
of such Securities have been delivered to the Trustee, the Trustee in accordance with the Company Order and subject to the provisions
hereof and of such Securities shall authenticate and deliver such Securities. In authenticating such Securities, and accepting the additional
responsibilities under this Indenture in relation to such Securities, the Trustee shall receive, and (subject to Sections 315(a) through
315(d) of the Trust Indenture Act) shall be fully protected in conclusively relying upon, an Officers Certificate and an Opinion
of Counsel to the following effect, which Opinion of Counsel may contain such assumptions, qualifications and limitations as such counsel
and Trustee shall deem appropriate:

(a) the
form or forms and terms of such Securities have been established in conformity with Sections 201 and 301 of this Indenture; and

(b) all
conditions precedent set forth in this Indenture to the authentication and delivery of such Securities have been complied with and that
such Securities, when completed by appropriate insertions (if applicable), executed by duly authorized officers of the Company, delivered
by duly authorized officers of the Company to the Trustee for authentication pursuant to this Indenture, and authenticated and delivered
by the Trustee and issued by the Company in the manner and subject to any conditions specified in such Opinion of Counsel, will constitute
valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except, as enforcement thereof
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors
rights generally or by general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law).

22

If
all the Securities of any series are not to be issued at one time, it shall not be necessary to deliver an Opinion of Counsel at the
time of issuance of each Security, but such opinion, with such modifications as counsel shall deem appropriate, shall be delivered
at or before the time of issuance of the first Security of such series. After any such first delivery, any separate request by the
Company that the Trustee authenticate Securities of such series for original issue will be accompanied by (i) an Officers
Certificate of the Company stating that all conditions precedent provided for in this Indenture relating to authentication and
delivery of such Securities continue to have been complied with and (ii) a Company Order for the authentication and delivery of such
Securities.

The Trustee shall
not be required to authenticate or to cause an Authenticating Agent to authenticate any Securities if the issue of such Securities pursuant
to this Indenture will affect the Trustees own rights, duties or immunities under the Securities and this Indenture or will otherwise
be in a manner which is not reasonably acceptable to the Trustee or if the Trustee, being advised by counsel, determines that such action
may not lawfully be taken.

Each Registered Security
shall be dated the date of its authentication.

No Security shall
be entitled to any benefit under this Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose, unless there appears on such Security a certificate
of authentication substantially in the form provided for in Section 202 or 612 executed by the Trustee or by the Authenticating Agent
by the manual signature of one of its authorized signatories. Such certificate upon any Security shall be conclusive evidence, and the
only evidence, that such Security has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder.

Section 304. Temporary Securities.

Pending the preparation
of definitive Securities, the Company may execute and deliver to the Trustee and, upon Company Order, the Trustee shall authenticate and
deliver, in the manner provided in Section 303, temporary Securities in lieu thereof which are printed, lithographed, typewritten, mimeographed
or otherwise produced, in any authorized denomination, substantially of the tenor of the definitive Securities in lieu of which they are
issued or in registered form and with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as the officers of the
Company executing such Securities may determine, as conclusively evidenced by their execution of such Securities. Such temporary Securities
may be in global form.

Except in the
case of temporary Securities in global form, which shall be exchanged in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Indenture or
the provisions established pursuant to Section 301, if temporary Securities are issued, the Company shall cause definitive Securities
to be prepared without unreasonable delay. Except as otherwise provided in or pursuant to this Indenture, after the preparation of definitive
Securities of the same series and containing terms and provisions that are identical to those of any temporary Securities, such temporary
Securities shall be exchangeable for such definitive Securities upon surrender of such temporary Securities at an Office or Agency for
such Securities, without charge to any Holder thereof. Except as otherwise provided in or pursuant to this Indenture, upon surrender for
cancellation of any one or more temporary Securities, the Company shall execute and, upon Company Order, the Trustee shall authenticate
and deliver in exchange therefor a like principal amount of definitive Securities of authorized denominations of the same series and containing
identical terms and provisions. Unless otherwise provided in or pursuant to this Indenture with respect to a temporary global Security,
until so exchanged the temporary Securities of any series shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture
as definitive Securities of such series.

23

Section 305. Registration, Transfer and Exchange.

With respect to
the Registered Securities of each series, if any, the Company shall cause to be kept a register (each such register being herein sometimes
referred to as the Security Register) at the Corporate Trust Office for such series in which, subject to such reasonable
regulations as it may prescribe, the Company shall provide for the registration of the Registered Securities of such series and of transfers
of the Registered Securities of such series. Such Office or Agency shall be the Security Registrar for that series
of Securities. Unless otherwise specified in or pursuant to this Indenture or the Securities, the initial Security Registrar for each
series of Securities shall be as specified in the last paragraph of Section 1002. The Company shall have the right to remove and replace
from time to time the Security Registrar for any series of Securities; provided that no such removal or replacement shall be effective
until a successor Security Registrar with respect to such series of Securities shall have been appointed by the Company and shall have
accepted such appointment. In the event that the Trustee shall not be or shall cease to be Security Registrar with respect to a series
of Securities, it shall have the right to examine the Security Register for such series at all reasonable times. There shall be only one
Security Register for each series of Securities.

Except as otherwise
provided in or pursuant to this Indenture, upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Registered Security of any series at any
Office or Agency for such series, the Company shall execute, and, upon Company Order, the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in the
name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more new Registered Securities of the same series denominated as authorized in
or pursuant to this Indenture, of a like aggregate principal amount bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding and containing
identical terms and provisions.

Except as otherwise
provided in or pursuant to this Indenture, at the option of the Holder, Registered Securities of any series may be exchanged for other
Registered Securities of the same series containing identical terms and provisions, in any authorized denominations, and of a like aggregate
principal amount, upon surrender of the Securities to be exchanged at any Office or Agency for such series. Whenever any Registered Securities
are so surrendered for exchange, the Company shall execute, and, upon Company Order, the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, the Registered
Securities which the Holder making the exchange is entitled to receive.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, except as otherwise provided in or pursuant to this Indenture, the global Securities of any series shall be exchangeable
for definitive certificated Securities of such series only if (i) the Depository for such global Securities notifies the Company that
it is unwilling or unable to continue as a Depository for such global Securities or at any time the Depository for such global Securities
ceases to be a clearing agency registered as such under the Exchange Act, if so required by applicable law or regulation, and no successor
Depository for such Securities shall have been appointed by the Company within 90 days of such notification or of the Company becoming
aware of the Depositorys ceasing to be so registered, as the case may be, (ii) the Company, in its sole discretion and subject
to the Depositorys procedures, determines that the Securities of such series shall no longer be represented by one or more global
Securities and executes and delivers to the Trustee a Company Order to the effect that such global Securities shall be so exchangeable,
or (iii) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to such Securities and the Depository for such global Securities
wishes to exchange such Securities for definitive certificated Securities.

24

If the beneficial
owners of interests in a global Security are entitled to exchange such interests for definitive Securities as the result of an event described
in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of the preceding paragraph, then without unnecessary delay but in any event not later than the earliest date
on which such interests may be so exchanged, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee definitive Securities in such form and denominations
as are required by or pursuant to this Indenture, and of the same series, containing identical terms and in aggregate principal amount
equal to the principal amount of such global Security, executed by the Company. On or after the earliest date on which such interests
may be so exchanged, such global Security shall be surrendered from time to time by the Depository (or its custodian) as shall be specified
in the Company Order with respect thereto (which the Company agrees to deliver), and in accordance with instructions given to the Trustee
and the Depository (which instructions shall be in writing but need not be contained in or accompanied by an Officers Certificate
of the Company or be accompanied by an Opinion of Counsel), as shall be specified in the Company Order with respect thereto to the Trustee,
as the Companys agent for such purpose, to be exchanged, in whole or in part, for definitive Securities as described above without
charge. The Trustee shall authenticate and make available for delivery, in exchange for each portion of such surrendered global Security,
a like aggregate principal amount of definitive Securities of the same series of authorized denominations and of like tenor as the portion
of such global Security to be exchanged, which (unless such Securities are not issuable as Registered Securities, in which case the definitive
Securities exchanged for the global Security shall be issuable only in the form in which the Securities are issuable, as provided in or
pursuant to this Indenture) shall be in the form of Registered Securities, and which shall be in such denominations and registered in
such names, as shall be specified by the Depository; provided, however, that no such exchanges may occur during a period beginning
at the opening of business 15 days before any selection of Securities of the same series to be redeemed and ending on the relevant Redemption
Date. Promptly following any such exchange in part, such global Security shall be returned by the Trustee to such Depository (or its custodian)
or such other Depository (or its custodian) referred to above in accordance with the instructions of the Company referred to above, and
the Trustee shall endorse such global Security to reflect the decrease in the principal amount thereof resulting from such exchange. If
a Registered Security is issued in exchange for any portion of a global Security after the close of business at the Office or Agency for
such Security where such exchange occurs on or after (i) any Regular Record Date for such Security and before the opening of business
at such Office or Agency on the next Interest Payment Date, or (ii) any Special Record Date for such Security and before the opening of
business at such Office or Agency on the related proposed date for payment of interest or Defaulted Interest, as the case may be, interest
shall not be payable on such Interest Payment Date or proposed date for payment, as the case may be, in respect of such Registered Security,
but shall be payable on such Interest Payment Date or proposed date for payment, as the case may be, only to the Person to whom interest
in respect of such portion of such global Security shall be payable in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture.

All Securities
issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Securities shall be the valid obligations of the Company evidencing the same debt
and entitling the Holders thereof to the same benefits under this Indenture as the Securities surrendered upon such registration of transfer
or exchange.

25

Every
Registered Security presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange shall (if so required by the Company or
the Security Registrar for such Security) be duly endorsed, or be accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form
satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar for such Security duly executed by the Holder thereof or his attorney duly
authorized in writing.

No service charge
shall be made for any registration of transfer or exchange of Securities, or any redemption or repayment of Securities, or any conversion
or exchange of Securities for other types of securities or property, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover
any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any registration of transfer or exchange of Securities, other
than exchanges pursuant to Section 304, 905 or 1107, upon repayment or repurchase in part of any Registered Security pursuant to Article
Thirteen, or upon surrender in part of any Registered Security for conversion or exchange into Common Stock or other securities or property
pursuant to its terms, in each case not involving any transfer.

The transferor
of any Securities shall provide or cause to be provided to the Trustee all information necessary to allow the Trustee to comply with any
applicable tax reporting obligations, including without limitation any cost basis reporting obligations under Section 6045 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986. The Trustee may rely on information provided to it and shall have no responsibility to verify or ensure the accuracy
of such information.

Except as otherwise
provided in or pursuant to this Indenture, the Company shall not be required (i) to issue, register the transfer of or exchange any Securities
during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the day of the selection for redemption of Securities of like tenor
and terms and of the same series under Section 1103 and ending at the close of business on the day of such selection, or (ii) to register
the transfer of or exchange any Registered Security, or portion thereof, so selected for redemption, except in the case of any Registered
Security to be redeemed in part, the portion thereof not to be redeemed, or (iii) to issue, register the transfer of or exchange any Security
which, in accordance with its terms, has been surrendered for repayment at the option of the Holder pursuant to Article Thirteen and not
withdrawn, except the portion, if any, of such Security not to be so repaid.

Notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary, neither the Trustee nor the Security Registrar shall be responsible for ascertaining whether
any issuance, exchange or transfer of Securities complies with the registration provisions of or exemptions from the Securities Act, applicable
state securities laws, the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (or, in the case of a governmental plan or a church plan
(as described in Sections 3(32) and 3(33) thereof, respectively), any substantially similar federal, state or local law), the U.S. Internal
Revenue Code of 1986 or the Investment Company Act of 1940.

Section 306. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Securities.

If any mutilated
Security is surrendered to the Trustee, subject to the provisions of this Section 306, the Company shall execute and, upon Company Order,
the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in exchange therefor a new Security of the same series containing identical terms and of like
principal amount and bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding.

If there be delivered
to the Company and to the Trustee (i) evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Security, and (ii) such
security or indemnity as may be reasonably required by them to save each of them and any agent of either of them harmless, then, in the
absence of notice to the Company or the Trustee that such Security has been acquired by a bona fide purchaser, the Company shall execute
and, upon the Companys written request the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in exchange for or in lieu of any such mutilated,
destroyed, lost or stolen Security, a new Security of the same series containing identical terms and of like principal amount and bearing
a number not contemporaneously outstanding.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this Section 306, in case any mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Security has become or is about to become
due and payable, the Company in its discretion may, instead of issuing a new Security, pay such Security.

26

Upon the issuance
of any new Security under this Section, the Company may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental
charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Trustee and its legal counsel)
connected therewith.

Every new Security
issued pursuant to this Section in lieu of any destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall constitute a separate obligation of the Company,
whether or not the destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall be at any time enforceable by anyone, and shall be entitled to all the benefits
of this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Securities of such series duly issued hereunder.

The provisions
of this Section, as amended or supplemented pursuant to this Indenture with respect to particular Securities or generally, shall (to the
extent lawful) be exclusive and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or
payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Securities.

Section 307. Payment of Interest
and Certain Additional Amounts; Rights to Interest and Certain Additional Amounts Preserved.

Unless otherwise
provided in or pursuant to this Indenture, any interest on and any Additional Amounts with respect to any Registered Security which shall
be payable, and are punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date shall be paid to the Person in whose name such
Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered as of the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest.

Unless otherwise
provided in or pursuant to this Indenture, any interest on and any Additional Amounts with respect to any Registered Security which shall
be payable, but shall not be punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date for such Registered Security (herein called
Defaulted Interest) shall forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder thereof on the relevant Regular Record Date
by virtue of having been such Holder; and such Defaulted Interest may be paid by the Company, at its election in each case, as provided
in clause (1) or

(2) below:

(1) The Company
may elect to make payment of any Defaulted Interest to the Person in whose name such Registered Security (or a Predecessor Security
thereof) shall be registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest, which
shall be fixed in the following manner. The Company shall notify the Trustee in writing of the amount of Defaulted Interest proposed
to be paid on such Registered Security and the date of the proposed payment, and at the same time the Company shall deposit with the
Trustee an amount of money equal to the aggregate amount proposed to be paid in respect of such Defaulted Interest or shall make
arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for such deposit on or prior to the date of the proposed payment, such money when so
deposited to be held in trust for the benefit of the Person entitled to such Defaulted Interest as in this clause provided.
Thereupon, the Trustee shall fix a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest which shall be not more than 15
days and not less than 10 days prior to the date of the proposed payment and not less than 10 days after the receipt by the Trustee
of the notice of the proposed payment. The Trustee shall promptly notify the Company of such Special Record Date and, in the name
and at the expense of the Company shall cause notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Interest and the Special Record Date
therefor to be mailed, first-class postage prepaid, to the Holder of such Registered Security (or a Predecessor Security thereof) at
his address as it appears in the Security Register or delivered electronically pursuant to the applicable procedures of the
Depository, not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date. Notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Interest and
the Special Record Date therefor having been mailed or delivered electronically pursuant to the applicable procedures of the
Depository as aforesaid, such Defaulted Interest shall be paid to the Person in whose name such Registered Security (or a
Predecessor Security thereof) shall be registered at the close of business on such Special Record Date and shall no longer be
payable pursuant to the following clause (2); and

(2) The
Company may make payment of any Defaulted Interest in any other lawful manner, including without limitation paying to the Holders thereof
on the relevant Regular Record Date, not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which such Security may be listed,
and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, if, after notice given by the Company to the Trustee of the proposed payment
pursuant to this clause, such payment shall be deemed practicable by the Trustee.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, any interest which is paid prior to the expiration of the 30 day period set forth in Section 501(1) shall be paid to the
Holders as of the Regular Record Date for the Interest Payment Date for which interest has not been paid.

27

Unless otherwise
provided in or pursuant to this Indenture or the Securities of any particular series, at the option of the Company, interest on Registered
Securities on any Interest Payment Date may be paid by mailing a check to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall
appear in the Security Register or by transfer to an account maintained by the payee with a bank located in the United States of America.

Subject to the
foregoing provisions of this Section and Section 305, each Security delivered under this Indenture upon registration of transfer of or
in exchange for or in lieu of any other Security shall carry the rights to interest accrued and unpaid, and to accrue, which were carried
by such other Security.

Section 308. Persons Deemed Owners.

Prior to due presentment
of a Registered Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee may treat
the Person in whose name such Registered Security is registered in the Security Register as the owner of such Registered Security for
the purpose of receiving payment of principal of, any premium and (subject to Sections 305 and 307) interest on and any Additional Amounts
with respect to such Registered Security and for all other purposes whatsoever, whether or not any payment with respect to such Registered
Security shall be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee or any agent of the Company or the Trustee shall be affected by notice
to the contrary.

No owner of any
beneficial interest in any global Security held on its behalf by a Depository shall have any rights under this Indenture with respect
to such global Security, and such Depository may be treated by the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee as
the owner of such global Security for all purposes whatsoever. None of the Company, the Trustee, any Paying Agent or the Security Registrar
will have any responsibility or liability for any act or omission of the Depository or any aspect of the records relating to or payments
made on account of beneficial ownership interests of a global Security or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating
to such beneficial ownership interests.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing herein shall prevent the Company, the Trustee, any Paying Agent or the Security Registrar from giving effect to
any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the applicable Depository, as a Holder, with respect to a global
Security or impair, as between such Depository and the owners of beneficial interests in such global Security, the operation of customary
practices governing the exercise of the rights of such Depository (or its nominee) as the Holder of such global Security.

Section 309. Cancellation.

All Securities
surrendered for payment, redemption, registration of transfer, exchange or conversion or for credit against any sinking fund payment shall,
if surrendered to any Person other than the Trustee, be promptly delivered to the Trustee, and any such Securities, as well as Securities
surrendered directly to the Trustee for any such purpose, shall be cancelled promptly by the Trustee. The Company may at any time deliver
to the Trustee for cancellation any Securities previously authenticated and delivered hereunder which the Company may have acquired in
any manner whatsoever, and all Securities so delivered shall be cancelled promptly by the Trustee in accordance with its customary procedures.
No Securities shall be authenticated in lieu of or in exchange for any Securities cancelled as provided in this Section, except as expressly
permitted by or pursuant to this Indenture. All cancelled Securities held by the Trustee shall be disposed of by the Trustee in accordance
with its then customary procedures, unless by a Company Order the Company directs their return to it.

Section 310. Computation of Interest.

Except as otherwise
provided in or pursuant to this Indenture or in the Securities of any series, interest on the Securities shall be computed on the basis
of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.

28

Section 311. CUSIP Numbers.

The Company in
issuing the Securities may use CUSIP, ISIN or other similar numbers (if then generally in use), and, if so, the Company, the Trustee or
the Security Registrar may use CUSIP, ISIN or such other numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders; provided
that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Securities
or as contained in any notice of a redemption and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the
Securities, in which case none of the Company or, as the case may be, the Trustee or the Security Registrar, or any agent of any of them,
shall have any liability in respect of any CUSIP, ISIN or such other numbers used on any such notice, and any such redemption shall not
be affected by any defect in or omission of such numbers. The Company will notify the Trustee in writing of any change in the CUSIP, ISIN
or such other numbers.

ARTICLE FOUR

SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE OF INDENTURE

Section 401. Satisfaction and Discharge.

Unless, pursuant
to Section 301, the provisions of this Section 401 shall not be applicable with respect to the Securities of any series, upon the direction
of the Company by a Company Order, this Indenture shall cease to be of further effect with respect to any series of Securities specified
in such Company Order, and the Trustee, on receipt of a Company Order, at the expense of the Company, shall execute proper instruments
acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture as to such series, when

(1)
either:

(a) all
Securities of such series theretofore authenticated and delivered have been delivered (other than (i) Securities of such series which
have been destroyed, lost or stolen and which have been replaced or paid as provided in Section 306, and (ii) Securities of such series
for whose payment money therefore has been deposited in trust or segregated and held in trust by the Company and thereafter repaid to
the Company or discharged from such trust, as provided in Section 1003) to the Trustee for cancellation; or

(b) all
Securities of such series not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation

(i)
have become due and payable, or

(ii) will
become due and payable at their Stated Maturity within one year, or

(iii) if
redeemable at the option of the Company, are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee
for the giving of notice of redemption by the Trustee in the name, and at the expense, of the Company,

29

and the Company,
in the case of (i), (ii) or (iii) above, has deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee as trust funds in trust for such purpose,
money in the Currency in which such Securities are payable in an amount sufficient, without consideration of any reinvestment of interest,
to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on such Securities not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation, including the
principal of, any premium and interest on, and, to the extent that the Securities of such series provide for the payment of Additional
Amounts thereon and the amount of any such Additional Amounts which are or will be payable with respect to the Securities of such series
is at the time of deposit determinable by the Company (in the exercise by the Company of its reasonable discretion), any Additional Amounts
with respect to such Securities to the date of such deposit (in the case of Securities which have become due and payable) or to the Maturity
thereof, as the case may be;

(2) the
Company has paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable hereunder by the Company with respect to the Outstanding Securities of such
series (including amounts payable to the Trustee pursuant to Section 607); and

(3) the
Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent
herein provided for relating to the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture as to such series have been complied with.

In the event there
are Securities of two or more series Outstanding hereunder, the Trustee shall be required to execute an instrument acknowledging satisfaction
and discharge of this Indenture only if requested to do so with respect to Securities of such series as to which it is Trustee, if in
form and content acceptable to the Trustee and if the other conditions thereto are met.

Notwithstanding
the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture with respect to any series of Securities, the obligations of the Company to the Trustee
under Section 607 and, if money shall have been deposited with the Trustee pursuant to subclause (b) of clause (1) of this Section, the
obligations of the Company and the Trustee with respect to the Securities of such series under Sections 305, 306, 403, 404, 1002, 1003
and, if applicable to the Securities of such series, 1004 (including, without limitation, with respect to the payment of Additional Amounts,
if any, with respect to such Securities as contemplated by Section 1004, but only to the extent that the Additional Amounts payable with
respect to such Securities exceed the amount deposited in respect of such Additional Amounts pursuant to Section 401(1)(b)), any rights
of Holders of the Securities of such series (unless otherwise provided pursuant to Section 301 with respect to the Securities of such
series) to require the Company to repurchase or repay, and the obligations of the Company to repurchase or repay, such Securities at the
option of the Holders pursuant to Article Thirteen hereof, and any rights of Holders of the Securities of such series (unless otherwise
provided pursuant to Section 301 with respect to the Securities of such series) to convert or exchange, and the obligations of the Company
to convert or exchange, such Securities into Common Stock or other securities or property, shall survive.

30

Section 402. Defeasance and Covenant
Defeasance.

(1) Unless,
pursuant to Section 301, either or both of (i) defeasance of the Securities of or within a series under clause (2) of this Section 402
or (ii) covenant defeasance of the Securities of or within a series under clause (3) of this Section 402 shall not be applicable with
respect to the Securities of such series, then such provisions, together with the other provisions of this Section 402 (with such modifications
thereto as may be specified pursuant to Section 301 with respect to any Securities), shall be applicable to such Securities, and the Company
may at its option by Board Resolution, at any time, with respect to the Securities of or within such series, elect to have Section 402(2)
or Section 402(3) be applied to such Outstanding Securities upon compliance with the conditions set forth below in this Section 402. Unless
otherwise specified pursuant to Section 301 with respect to the Securities of any series, defeasance under clause (2) of this Section
402 and covenant defeasance under clause (3) of this Section 402 may be effected only with respect to all, and not less than all, of the
Outstanding Securities of any series. To the extent that the terms of any Security established in or pursuant to this Indenture permit
the Company or any Holder thereof to extend the date on which any payment of principal of, or premium, if any, or interest, if any, on,
or Additional Amounts, if any, with respect to such Security is due and payable, then unless otherwise provided pursuant to Section 301,
the right to extend such date shall terminate upon defeasance or covenant defeasance, as the case may be.

(2) Upon
the Companys exercise of the above option applicable to this Section 402(2) with respect to any Securities of or within a series,
the Company shall be deemed to have been discharged from its obligations with respect to such Outstanding Securities on the date the conditions
set forth in clause (4) of this Section 402 are satisfied (hereinafter, defeasance). For this purpose, such defeasance
means that the Company shall be deemed to have paid and discharged the entire indebtedness represented by such Outstanding Securities,
which shall thereafter be deemed to be Outstanding only for the purposes of clause (5) of this Section 402 and the
other Sections of this Indenture referred to in subclauses (i) through (iv) of this clause (2), and to have satisfied all of its other
obligations under such Securities and this Indenture insofar as such Securities are concerned (and the Trustee, at the expense of the
Company, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging the same), except for the following which shall survive until otherwise terminated
or discharged hereunder: (i) the rights of Holders of such Outstanding Securities to receive, solely (except as provided in subclause
(ii) below) from the trust fund described in clause (4)(a) of this Section 402 and as more fully set forth in this Section 402 and 403,
payments in respect of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest, if any, on, and Additional Amounts, if any, with respect to,
such Securities when such payments are due, (ii) the obligations of the Company and the Trustee with respect to such Securities under
Sections 305, 306, 1002, 1003 and, if applicable to the Securities of such series, 1004 (including, without limitation, with respect to
the payment of Additional Amounts, if any, with respect to such Securities as contemplated by Section 1004, but only to the extent that
the Additional Amounts payable with respect to such Securities exceed the amount deposited in respect of such Additional Amounts pursuant
to clause (4)(a) of this Section 402)), any rights of Holders of such Securities (unless otherwise provided pursuant to Section 301 with
respect to the Securities of such series) to require the Company to repurchase or repay, and the obligations of the Company to repurchase
or repay, such Securities at the option of the Holders pursuant to Article Thirteen hereof, and any rights of Holders of such Securities
(unless otherwise provided pursuant to Section 301 with respect to the Securities of such series) to convert or exchange, and the obligations
of the Company to convert or exchange, such Securities into Common Stock or other securities or property, (iii) the rights, powers, trusts,
duties, indemnities and immunities of the Trustee hereunder and (iv) this Section 402 and Sections 403 and 404. The Company may exercise
its option under this Section 402(2) notwithstanding the prior exercise of its option under Section 402(3) with respect to such Securities.

31

(3) Upon
the Companys exercise of the above option applicable to this Section 402(3) with respect to any Securities of or within a series,
the Company shall be released from its obligations under clauses (i) and (ii) of Section 1005 and, to the extent specified pursuant to
Section 301, any other covenant applicable to such Securities with respect to such Securities shall cease to be applicable to such Securities
on and after the date the conditions set forth in clause (4) of this Section 402 are satisfied (hereinafter, covenant defeasance),
and such Securities shall thereafter be deemed to be not Outstanding for the purposes of any direction, waiver, consent
or declaration or Act of Holders (and the consequences of any thereof) in connection with any such covenant, but shall continue to be
deemed Outstanding for all other purposes hereunder. For this purpose, such covenant defeasance means, with respect to such
Outstanding Securities, the Company may omit to comply with, and shall have no liability in respect of, any term, condition or limitation
set forth in any such Section or any such other covenant, whether directly or indirectly, by reason of any reference elsewhere herein
to any such Section or such other covenant or by reason of reference in any such Section or such other covenant to any other provision
herein or in any other document and such omission to comply shall not constitute a default or an Event of Default under Section 501(5)
or otherwise, as the case may be, but, except as specified above, the remainder of this Indenture and such Securities shall be unaffected
thereby.

(4) The
following shall be the conditions to application of clause (2) or (3) of this Section 402 to any Outstanding Securities of or within a
series:

(a) The
Company shall irrevocably have deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee (or another trustee satisfying the requirements
of Section 608 who shall agree to comply with the provisions of this Section 402 applicable to it) as trust funds in trust for the
purpose of making the following payments, specifically pledged as security for, and dedicated solely to, the benefit of the Holders
of such Securities, (1) an amount in Dollars or in such Foreign Currency in which such Securities are then specified as payable at
Stated Maturity or, if such defeasance or covenant defeasance is to be effected in compliance with subsection (f) below, on the
relevant Redemption Date, as the case may be, or (2) Government Obligations applicable to such Securities (determined on the basis
of the Currency in which such Securities are then specified as payable at Stated Maturity or, if such defeasance or covenant
defeasance is to be effected in compliance with subsection (f) below, on the relevant Redemption Date, as the case may be) which
through the scheduled payment of principal and interest in respect thereof in accordance with their terms will provide, not later
than one day before the due date of any payment of principal of (and premium, if any) and interest, if any, on such Securities,
money in an amount, or (3) a combination thereof, in any case, in an amount, sufficient, without consideration of any
reinvestment of such principal and interest, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent certified public
accountants expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee, to pay and discharge, and which shall be applied
by the Trustee (or other qualifying trustee) to pay and discharge, (y) the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest, if any,
on, and, to the extent that such Securities provide for the payment of Additional Amounts thereon and the amount of any such
Additional Amounts which are or will be payable with respect to the Securities of such series is at the time of deposit determinable
by the Company (in the exercise by the Company of its reasonable discretion), any Additional Amounts with respect to, such
Outstanding Securities on the Maturity or Stated Maturity of such principal or interest, and (z) any mandatory sinking fund payments
or analogous payments applicable to such Outstanding Securities on the day on which such payments are due and payable in accordance
with the terms of this Indenture and of such Securities.

32

(b) Such
defeasance or covenant defeasance shall not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, this Indenture or any other
material agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound.

(c) No
Event of Default or event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become an Event of Default with respect to such Securities
shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such deposit, and, solely in the case of defeasance under Section 402(2), no Event
of Default with respect to such Securities under clause (5) or (6) of Section 501 or event which with notice or lapse of time or both
would become an Event of Default with respect to such Securities under clause (5) or (6) of Section 501 shall have occurred and be continuing
at any time during the period ending on and including the 91st day after the date of such deposit (it being understood that this condition
to defeasance under Section 402(2) shall not be deemed satisfied until the expiration of such period).

(d) In
the case of defeasance pursuant to Section 402(2), the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an opinion of independent counsel reasonably
acceptable to the Trustee stating that (x) the Company has received from, or there has been published by, the Internal Revenue Service
a ruling, or (y) since the date of this Indenture there has been a change in applicable federal income tax law, in either case to the
effect that, and based thereon such opinion of independent counsel shall confirm that, the Holders of such Outstanding Securities will
not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of such defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal
income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such defeasance had not occurred;
or, in the case of covenant defeasance pursuant to Section 402(3), the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an opinion of independent
counsel reasonably acceptable to the Trustee to the effect that the Holders of such Outstanding Securities will not recognize income,
gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of such covenant defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax
on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such covenant defeasance had not occurred.

(e) The
Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions
precedent to the defeasance or covenant defeasance, as the case may be, under this Indenture have been complied with.

(f) If
the monies or Government Obligations or combination thereof, as the case may be, deposited under subclause (a) above are sufficient to
pay the principal of, and premium, if any, and interest, if any, on and, to the extent provided in such subclause (a), Additional Amounts
with respect to, such Securities on a particular Redemption Date, the Company shall have given the Trustee irrevocable instructions to
redeem such Securities on such date and to provide notice of such redemption to Holders as provided in or pursuant to this Indenture.

33

(g) Notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Section 402(4), such defeasance or covenant defeasance shall be effected in compliance with any additional
or substitute terms, conditions or limitations which may be imposed on the Company in connection therewith pursuant to Section 301.

(5) Subject
to the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 1003, all money and Government Obligations (or other property as may be provided pursuant
to Section 301) (including the proceeds thereof) deposited with the Trustee (or other qualifying trustee) pursuant to clause (4)(a) of
Section 402 in respect of any Outstanding Securities of any series shall be held in trust and applied by the Trustee, in accordance with
the provisions of such Securities and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent (other than the Company
or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company acting as Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the Holders of such Securities
of all sums due and to become due thereon in respect of principal (and premium, if any) and interest and Additional Amounts, if any, but
such money need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law.

Unless otherwise
specified in or pursuant to this Indenture or any Securities, if, after a deposit referred to in Section 402(4)(a) has been made, (a)
the Holder of a Security in respect of which such deposit was made is entitled to, and does, elect pursuant to Section 301 or the terms
of such Security to receive payment in a Currency other than that in which the deposit pursuant to Section 402(4)(a) has been made in
respect of such Security, or (b) a Conversion Event occurs in respect of the Foreign Currency in which the deposit pursuant to Section
402(4)(a) has been made, the indebtedness represented by such Security shall be deemed to have been, and will be, fully discharged and
satisfied through the payment of the principal of (and premium, if any), and interest, if any, on, and Additional Amounts, if any, with
respect to, such Security as the same becomes due out of the proceeds yielded by converting (from time to time as specified below in the
case of any such election) the amount or other property deposited in respect of such Security into the Currency in which such Security
becomes payable as a result of such election or Conversion Event based on (x) in the case of payments made pursuant to subclause (a) above,
the applicable market exchange rate for such Currency in effect on the second Business Day prior to each payment date, or (y) with respect
to a Conversion Event, the applicable market exchange rate for such Foreign Currency in effect (as nearly as feasible) at the time of
the Conversion Event.

The Company shall
pay and indemnify the Trustee against any tax, fee or other charge, imposed on or assessed against the Government Obligations deposited
pursuant to this Section 402 or the principal or interest received in respect thereof other than any such tax, fee or other charge which
by law is for the account of the Holders of such Outstanding Securities.

Anything in this
Section 402 to the contrary notwithstanding, the Trustee shall deliver or pay to the Company from time to time upon Company Request any
money or Government Obligations (or other property and any proceeds therefrom) held by it as provided in clause (4)(a) of this Section
402 which, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants expressed in a written certification thereof
delivered to the Trustee, are in excess of the amount thereof which would then be required to be deposited to effect a defeasance or covenant
defeasance, as applicable, in accordance with this Section 402.

34

Section 403. Application of Trust Money.

Subject to the
provisions of the last paragraph of Section 1003, all money and Government Obligations deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section
401 or 402 shall be held in trust and applied by it, in accordance with the provisions of the Securities and this Indenture, to the payment,
either directly or through any Paying Agent (including the Company acting as its own Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the
Persons entitled thereto, of the principal, premium, interest and Additional Amounts for whose payment such money has or Government Obligations
have been deposited with or received by the Trustee; but such money and Government Obligations need not be segregated from other funds
except to the extent required by law.

Section 404. Reinstatement.

If the Trustee
(or other qualifying trustee appointed pursuant to Section 402(4)(a)) or any Paying Agent is unable to apply any moneys or Government
Obligations deposited pursuant to Section 401(1) or 402(4)(a) to pay any principal of or premium, if any, or interest, if any, on or Additional
Amounts, if any, with respect to the Securities of any series by reason of any legal proceeding or any order or judgment of any court
or governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, then the Companys obligations under
this Indenture and the Securities of such series shall be revived and reinstated as though no such deposit had occurred, until such time
as the Trustee (or other qualifying trustee) or Paying Agent is permitted to apply all such moneys and Government Obligations to pay the
principal of and premium, if any, and interest, if any, on and Additional Amounts, if any, in respect of the Securities of such series
as contemplated by Section 401 or 402 as the case may be, and Section 403; provided, however, that if the Company makes any payment
of the principal of or premium, if any, or interest, if any, on or Additional Amounts, if any, in respect of the Securities of such series
following the reinstatement of its obligations as aforesaid, the Company shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Securities
to receive such payment from the funds held by the Trustee (or other qualifying trustee) or Paying Agent.

ARTICLE FIVE

REMEDIES

Section 501. Events of Default.

Event
of Default, wherever used herein with respect to Securities of any series, means any one of the following events (whatever
the reason for such Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to
any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body) unless such event
is specifically deleted or modified in or pursuant to the supplemental indenture, Board Resolution or Officers Certificate of the
Company establishing the terms of such series pursuant to this Indenture:

(1) default
in the payment of any interest on, or any Additional Amounts payable in respect of any interest on, any of the Securities of such series
when such interest or such Additional Amounts, as the case may be, become due and payable, and continuance of such default for a period
of 30 days; or

35

(2) default
in the payment of any principal of or premium, if any, on, or any Additional Amounts payable in respect of any principal of or premium,
if any, on, any of the Securities of such series when due (whether at Maturity, upon redemption or exercise of a repurchase right or otherwise
and whether payable in cash or in shares of Common Stock or other securities or property); or

(3) default
in the deposit of any sinking fund payment or payment under any analogous provision when due with respect to any of the Securities of
such series; or

(4) default
in the performance, or breach, of any covenant or warranty of the Company in this Indenture or any of the Securities of such series (other
than a covenant or warranty for which the consequences of breach or nonperformance are addressed elsewhere in this Section 501 or a covenant
or warranty which has expressly been included in this Indenture, whether or not by means of a supplemental indenture, solely for the benefit
of Securities of a series other than such series), and continuance of such default or breach (without such default or breach having been
waived in accordance of the provisions of this Indenture) for a period of 90 days after there has been given, by registered or certified
mail, to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the Outstanding
Securities of such series a written notice specifying such default or breach and requiring it to be remedied and stating that such notice
is a Notice of Default hereunder; or

(5) the
entry by a court having jurisdiction in the premises of (A) a decree or order for relief in respect of the Company or any of its Significant
Subsidiaries in an involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or
(B) a decree or order adjudging the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries a bankrupt or insolvent, or approving as properly filed
a petition seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in respect of the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries
under any applicable U.S. federal or state law, or appointing a custodian, receiver, conservator, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator
or other similar official of the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries or of any substantial part of the property of the Company
or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the Company or any of its Significant
Subsidiaries, and the continuance of any such decree or order for relief unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days; or

(6) the
commencement by the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries of a voluntary case or proceeding under any applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or of any other case or proceeding to be adjudicated a bankrupt or
insolvent, or the consent by the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries to the entry of a decree or order for relief in
respect of by the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries in an involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or to the commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency case or
proceeding against by the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, or the filing by the Company or any of its Significant
Subsidiaries of a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief under any applicable U.S. federal or state law, or
the consent by the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries to the filing of such petition or to the appointment of or taking
possession by a custodian, receiver, conservator, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or similar official of the Company or
any of its Significant Subsidiaries or of any substantial part of the property of by the Company or any of its Significant
Subsidiaries, or the making by the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries of an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or
the taking of corporate action by the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries in furtherance of any such action; or

36

(7) any
other Event of Default provided in or pursuant to this Indenture with respect to Securities of such series.

Section 502. Acceleration of Maturity;
Rescission and Annulment.

If an Event of
Default (other than an Event of Default specified in clause (5) or (6) of Section 501) with respect to Securities of any series occurs
and is continuing, and a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actual knowledge of such Event of Default, then either the Trustee or
the Holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series may declare the principal
of all the Securities of such series, or such lesser amount as may be provided for in the Securities of such series, and accrued and unpaid
interest, if any, thereon to be due and payable immediately, by a notice in writing to the Company (and to the Trustee if given by the
Holders), and upon any such declaration such principal or such lesser amount, as the case may be, and such accrued and unpaid interest
shall become immediately due and payable. If an Event of Default specified in clause (5) or (6) of Section 501 with respect to the Securities
of any series occurs in respect of the Company, then the principal of all of the Securities of such series, or such lesser amount as may
be provided for in the Securities of such series, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon shall ipso facto become and
be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder of the Securities of such
series.

At any time after
Securities of any series have been accelerated (whether by declaration of the Trustee or the Holders or automatically) and before a judgment
or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained by the Trustee as hereinafter in this Article provided, the Holders of a majority
in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series, by written notice to the Company and the Trustee, may rescind
and annul such declaration and its consequences if:

(1) the
Company has paid or deposited, or caused to be paid or deposited, with the Trustee a sum of money sufficient to pay (or, to the extent
that the terms of the Securities of such series established pursuant to Section 301 expressly provide for payment to be made in shares
of Common Stock or other securities or property, shares of Common Stock or other securities or property, together with cash in lieu of
fractional shares or securities, sufficient to pay)

(a) all
overdue installments of any interest on any Securities of such series which have become due otherwise than by such declaration of acceleration
and any Additional Amounts with respect thereto,

37

(b) the
principal of and any premium on any Securities of such series which have become due otherwise than by such declaration of acceleration
and any Additional Amounts with respect thereto and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, interest thereon at the rate or respective
rates, as the case may be, provided for in or with respect to such Securities, or, if no such rate or rates are so provided, at the rate
or respective rates, as the case may be, of interest borne by such Securities,

(c) to
the extent permitted by applicable law, interest upon installments of any interest, if any, which have become due otherwise than by such
declaration of acceleration and any Additional Amounts with respect thereto at the rate or respective rates, as the case may be, provided
for in or with respect to such Securities, or, if no such rate or rates are so provided, at the rate or respective rates, as the case
may be, of interest borne by such Securities, and

(d) all
sums paid or advanced by the Trustee hereunder and the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its
agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Trustee under Section 607; and

(2) all
Events of Default with respect to Securities of such series other than the non-payment of the principal of, any premium and interest
on, and any Additional Amounts with respect to Securities of such series which shall have become due solely by such declaration of
acceleration, shall have been cured or waived as provided in Section 513.

No such rescission shall affect any subsequent default or
impair any right consequent thereon.

Section 503. Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for
Enforcement by Trustee.

The Company covenants
that if:

(1) default
is made in the payment of any interest on, or any Additional Amounts payable in respect of any interest on, any Security when such interest
or Additional Amounts, as the case may be, shall have become due and payable and such default continues for a period of 30 days, or

(2) default
is made in the payment of any principal of or premium, if any, on, or any Additional Amounts payable in respect of any principal of or
premium, if any, on, any Security at its Maturity, or

(3)
default is made in the deposit of any sinking fund payment when due,

the
Company shall, upon demand of the Trustee, pay to the Trustee, for the benefit of the Holders of such Securities, the whole amount
of money then due and payable with respect to such Securities, with interest upon the overdue principal, any premium and, to the
extent permitted by applicable law, upon any overdue installments of interest and Additional Amounts at the rate or respective
rates, as the case may be, provided for or with respect to such Securities or, if no such rate or rates are so provided, at the rate
or respective rates, as the case may be, of interest borne by such Securities, and, in addition thereto, such further amount of
money as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including the reasonable compensation, expenses,
disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel and all other amounts due to the Trustee under Section 607.

38

If the Company
fails to pay the money it is required to pay the Trustee pursuant to the preceding paragraph forthwith upon the demand of the Trustee,
the Trustee, in its own name and as trustee of an express trust, may institute a judicial proceeding for the collection of the money so
due and unpaid, and may prosecute such proceeding to judgment or final decree, and may enforce the same against the Company or any other
obligor upon such Securities and collect the monies adjudged or decreed to be payable in the manner provided by law out of the property
of the Company or any other obligor upon such Securities, wherever situated.

If an Event of
Default with respect to Securities of any series occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may in its discretion proceed to protect and enforce
its rights and the rights of the Holders of Securities of such series by such appropriate judicial proceedings as the Trustee shall deem
most effectual to protect and enforce any such rights, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement in this Indenture
or such Securities or in aid of the exercise of any power granted herein or therein, or to enforce any other proper remedy.

Section 504. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim.

In case of the
pendency of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial
proceeding relative to the Company or any other obligor upon the Securities or the property of the Company or such other obligor or their
creditors, the Trustee (irrespective of whether the principal of the Securities shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or
by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Trustee shall have made any demand on the Company for the payment of any overdue
principal, premium, interest or Additional Amounts) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise,

(1) to
file and prove a claim for the whole amount, or such lesser amount as may be provided for in the Securities of such series, of the principal
and any premium, interest and Additional Amounts owing and unpaid in respect of the Securities and to file such other papers or documents
as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses,
disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents or counsel) and of the Holders of Securities allowed in such judicial proceeding,
and

(2) to
collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;

and any custodian,
receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by
each Holder of Securities to make such payments to the Trustee and, in the event that the Trustee shall consent in writing in its sole
discretion to the making of such payments directly to the Holders of Securities, to pay to the Trustee any amount due to it for the reasonable
compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee (acting in any capacity hereunder other than as a Holder), its agents
and counsel and any other amounts due the Trustee hereunder.

39

Nothing herein
contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder of a Security
any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Securities or the rights of any Holder thereof, or to
authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder of a Security in any such proceeding.

Section 505. Trustee May Enforce Claims without Possession
of Securities.

All rights of
action and claims under this Indenture or any of the Securities may be prosecuted and enforced by the Trustee without the possession of
any of the Securities or the production thereof in any proceeding relating thereto, and any such proceeding instituted by the Trustee
shall be brought in its own name as trustee of an express trust, and any recovery or judgment, after provision for the payment of the
reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, shall be for the ratable benefit
of each and every Holder of a Security in respect of which such judgment has been recovered.

Section 506. Application of Money Collected.

Any money collected
by the Trustee pursuant to this Article Five with respect to the Securities of any series shall be applied in the following order, at
the date or dates fixed by the Trustee and, in case of the distribution of such money on account of principal, or any premium, interest
or Additional Amounts, upon presentation of such Securities, and the notation thereon of the payment if only partially paid and upon surrender
thereof if fully paid:

FIRST: To the
payment of all amounts due the Trustee (acting in any capacity hereunder other than as a Holder) and its agents and counsel, any Paying
Agent, Security Registrar, Authenticating Agent and any predecessor Trustee under the Indenture;

SECOND: To the
payment of the amounts then due and unpaid upon the Securities for principal and any premium, interest and Additional Amounts in respect
of which or for the benefit of which such money has been collected, ratably, without preference or priority of any kind, according to
the aggregate amounts due and payable on such Securities for principal and any premium, interest and Additional Amounts;

THIRD: The balance,
if any, to the Person or Persons entitled thereto.

Section 507. Limitations on Suits.

No Holder of any
Security of any series shall have any right to institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Indenture, or for
the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy hereunder, unless

(1) such
Holder has previously given written notice to the Trustee of a continuing Event of Default with respect to the Securities of such series;

(2) the
Holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series shall have made written request
to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default in its own name as Trustee hereunder;

(3) such
Holder or Holders have offered to the Trustee indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against the losses, damages, costs, expenses and
liabilities, including reasonable attorneys fees, costs and expenses and court costs, to be incurred in compliance with such request;

(4) the
Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity has failed to institute any such proceeding; and

(5) no
direction inconsistent with such written request has been given to the Trustee during such 60-day period by the Holders of a majority
in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series;

it being understood
and intended that no one or more of such Holders shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of, or by availing of, any provision
of this Indenture or any Security to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other such Holders or Holders of Securities of any
other series, or to obtain or to seek to obtain priority or preference over any other Holders or to enforce any right under this Indenture,
except in the manner herein provided and for the equal and ratable benefit of all such Holders (it being understood that the Trustee does
not have an affirmative duty to ascertain whether or not such actions or forbearances are unduly prejudicial to such Holders).

Section 508. Unconditional
Right of Holders to Receive Principal and any Premium, Interest and Additional Amounts.

Notwithstanding
any other provision in this Indenture, the Holder of any Security shall have the right, which is absolute and unconditional, to receive
payment of the principal of, any premium, if any, and (subject to Sections 305 and 307) interest, if any, on and any Additional Amounts
with respect to such Security on the respective Stated Maturity or Maturities therefor specified in such Security (or, in the case of
redemption, on the Redemption Date or, in the case of repayment pursuant to Article Thirteen hereof at the option of such Holder if provided
in or pursuant to this Indenture, on the date such repayment is due) and, in the case of any Security which is convertible into or exchangeable
for other securities or property, to convert or exchange, as the case may be, such Security in accordance with its terms, and to institute
suit for the enforcement of any such payment and any such right to convert or exchange, and such right shall not be impaired without the
consent of such Holder.

40

Section 509. Restoration of Rights and Remedies.

If the Trustee
or any Holder of a Security has instituted any proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Indenture and such proceeding has
been discontinued or abandoned for any reason, or has been determined adversely to the Trustee or to such Holder, then and in every such
case the Company, the Trustee and each such Holder shall, subject to any determination in such proceeding, be restored severally and respectively
to their former positions hereunder, and thereafter all rights and remedies of the Trustee and each such Holder shall continue as though
no such proceeding had been instituted.

Section 510. Rights and Remedies Cumulative.

To
the extent permitted by applicable law and except as otherwise provided with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed,
lost or stolen Securities in the last paragraph of Section 306, no right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or
to each and every Holder of a Security is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy, to the extent
permitted by law, shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at
law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not, to the extent permitted
by law, prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy.

Section 511. Delay or Omission Not Waiver.

No delay or omission
of the Trustee or of any Holder of any Security to exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any Event of Default shall, to the extent
permitted by applicable law, impair any such right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Event of Default or an acquiescence therein.
Every right and remedy given by this Article or by law to the Trustee or to any Holder of a Security may, to the extent permitted by applicable
law, be exercised from time to time, and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Trustee or by such Holder, as the case may be.

Section 512. Control by Holders of Securities.

The Holders of
a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of any series shall have the right to direct the time, method and
place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee with
respect to the Securities of such series, provided that

(1) such
direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture or with the Securities of any series,

(2) the
Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee which is not inconsistent with such direction, and

(3) such
direction is not unduly prejudicial to the rights of the other Holders of Securities of such series (or any other series) not joining
in such action.

Section 513. Waiver of Past Defaults.

The Holders of
a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of any series on behalf of the Holders of all the Securities of
such series may waive any past default hereunder with respect to such series and its consequences, except

(1) a
default in the payment of the principal of, any premium or interest on, or any Additional Amounts with respect to, any Security of such
series, or

(2) in
the case of any Securities which are convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock or other securities or property, a default in any
such conversion or exchange, or

41

(3) a
default in respect of a covenant or provision hereof which under Article Nine cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the
Holder of each Outstanding Security of such series affected.

Upon any such
waiver, such default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured, for every purpose
of this Indenture; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other default or impair any right consequent thereon.

Section 514. Waiver of Usury, Stay or Extension Laws.

The Company covenants
that (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) it will not at any time insist upon, or plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take
the benefit or advantage of, any stay or extension law or any usury law or any other law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter
in force, which would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all or any portion of the principal of or premium, if any, or interest,
if any on or Additional Amounts, if any, with respect to any Securities as contemplated herein and therein or which may affect the covenants
or the performance of this Indenture or the Securities; and the Company (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) expressly waives all
benefit or advantage of any such law and covenants that it will not hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted
to the Trustee or the Holders, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted.

Section 515. Undertaking for Costs.

All parties to
this Indenture agree, and each Holder of any Security by his acceptance thereof shall be deemed to have agreed, that any court may in
its discretion require, in any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture, or in any suit against the Trustee
for any action taken or omitted by it as Trustee, the filing by any party litigant in such suit of any undertaking to pay the costs of
such suit, and that such court may in its discretion assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements,
against any party litigant in such suit having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by such party litigant;
but the provisions of this Section 515 shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Trustee, to any suit instituted by any Holder, or
group of Holders, holding in the aggregate more than 10% in principal amount of Outstanding Securities of any series, or to any suit instituted
by any Holder for the enforcement of the payment of the principal of (or premium, if any) or interest, if any, on or Additional Amounts,
if any, with respect to any Security on or after the respective Stated Maturities expressed in such Security (or, in the case of redemption,
on or after the Redemption Date, and, in the case of repayment at the option of the Holder pursuant to Article Thirteen hereof, on or
after the date for repayment) or for the enforcement of the right, if any, to convert or exchange any Security into Common Stock or other
securities or property in accordance with its terms.

42

ARTICLE
SIX

THE TRUSTEE

Section 601. Duties of the Trustee

(1) If an Event
of Default has occurred and is continuing (of which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actual knowledge) the Trustee shall exercise
such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise, as a prudent
person would exercise or use under the same circumstances.

(2) The Trustee
may not be relieved from liabilities for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act, or its own willful misconduct, except
that:

(a) This
paragraph does not limit the effect of Section 601(1);

(b) The
Trustee shall not be liable for any actions taken, or errors in judgment made in good faith by any of its officers, employees or agents,
unless it has been negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts; and

(c) The
Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken, suffered or omitted to be taken by it in in good faith in accordance with
the direction of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of any series relating to the time, method
and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee,
under this Indenture.

(3)
Whether or not therein expressly so provided, every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability
of or affording protection to the Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of this Section.

Section 602. Certain Rights of
Trustee.

Subject
to Sections 315(a) through 315(d) of the Trust Indenture Act and Section 601 hereof:

(1) the Trustee may conclusively rely and
shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion,
report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, judgment, bond, debenture, note, or other paper or document reasonably believed
by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties;

(2) any
request or direction of the Company mentioned herein shall be sufficiently evidenced by a Company Request or a Company Order (in each
case, other than delivery of any Security to the Trustee for authentication and delivery pursuant to Section 303 which shall be sufficiently
evidenced as provided therein) and any resolution of the Board of Directors may be sufficiently evidenced by a Board Resolution;

(3) whenever
in the administration of this Indenture the Trustee shall deem it desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking, suffering
or omitting any action hereunder, the Trustee (unless other evidence shall be herein specifically prescribed) may, in the absence of willful
misconduct or bad faith on its part, conclusively rely upon an Officers Certificate;

(4) the
Trustee may consult with counsel of its selection and the advice of such counsel or any Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete
authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance thereon;

43

(5) the
Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by or pursuant to this Indenture at the request
or direction of any of the Holders of Securities of any series pursuant to this Indenture, unless such Holders shall have offered to the
Trustee security or indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against the losses, damages, costs, expenses and liabilities, including reasonable
attorneys fees, costs and expenses and court costs, which might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction;

(6) the
Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument,
opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, judgment, bond, debenture, or other paper or document, but the Trustee, in
its sole discretion, may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit, and, if the Trustee
shall determine to make such further inquiry or investigation, it shall be entitled to examine, during business hours and upon reasonable
notice, the books, records and premises of the Company, personally or by agent or attorney and shall incur no liability or additional
liability of any kind by reason of such inquiry or investigation; provided that the Trustee shall not be entitled to such information
which the Company is prevented from disclosing as a matter of law or contract;

(7) the
Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents or attorneys
and the Trustee shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any agent or attorney appointed with due care
by it hereunder;

(8) the
Trustee need perform only those duties that are specifically set forth in this Indenture, and no implied covenants or obligations
shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee. The Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in
good faith that it believes to be authorized or within its rights or powers. The Trustee is not required to give any bond or surety
with respect to the performance of its duties or the exercise of its powers under this Indenture. No provision of this Indenture
shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of
its duties hereunder, or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers, if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that
repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it. The rights,
privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee, including, without limitation, its right to be indemnified,
are extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder and each agent, custodian and other
Person employed to act hereunder. The permissive right of the Trustee to take the actions permitted by this Indenture shall not be
construed as an obligation or duty to do so;

44

(9) the
Trustee agrees to accept and act upon instructions or directions pursuant to this Indenture sent by unsecured e-mail, facsimile transmission
or other similar unsecured electronic methods, provided, however, that the Company shall provide to the Trustee an incumbency certificate
listing designated persons with the authority to provide such instructions, which incumbency certificate shall be amended whenever a person
is to be added or deleted from the listing. If the Company elects to give the Trustee e-mail or facsimile transmission instructions (or
instructions by a similar electronic method) and the Trustee in its sole and absolute discretion elects to act upon such instructions,
the Trustees understanding of such instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, damages,
costs, fees or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the Trustees reliance upon and compliance with such instructions notwithstanding
such instructions conflict or inconsistency with a subsequent written instruction. The Company agrees to assume all risks arising out
of the use of such electronic methods to submit instructions and directions to the Trustee, including, without limitation, the risk of
the Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk of interception by third parties;

(10) for
all purposes under this Indenture, the Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice or knowledge of any Event of Default unless a Responsible
Officer has actual knowledge thereof or unless written notice of any event which is in fact such an Event of Default or such a default,
as the case may be, is received by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office and such notice references the relevant
series of Securities and states that it is a notice of default or Event of Default. For purposes of determining the Trustees responsibility
and liability hereunder, whenever reference is made in this Indenture to such an Event of Default or such a default, as the case may be,
such reference shall be construed to refer only to such an Event of Default or such a default, as the case may be, of which the Trustee
is deemed to have notice as described in this Section 602(10);

(11) the
Trustee shall not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the performance of its powers and duties hereunder;

(12) in
no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for special, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever
(including, but not limited to, loss of profit) irrespective of whether the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or
damage and regardless of the form of action;

(13) The
Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in accordance with a direction received
by it pursuant to Section 512 hereof;

(14) The
Trustee may request, rely on and act in accordance with Officers Certificate and/or Opinions of Counsel and shall incur no liability
and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting in accordance with such Officers Certificates or Opinions of Counsel;
and

(15) Delivery
of any reports, information and documents pursuant to Section 704 to the Trustee is for informational purposes only and the Trustee's
receipt of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained
therein, including the Company's compliance with any of its covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively
on Officers Certificates). The Trustee shall have no duty to review or make independent investigation with respect to any of the
foregoing received by the Trustee and shall hold the same solely as repository.

45

Section 603. Notice of Defaults.

Within 90 days
after a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actual knowledge of the occurrence of any default hereunder with respect to the Securities
of any series, the Trustee shall transmit by mail to all Holders of Securities of such series entitled to receive reports pursuant to
Section 703(3), notice of such default hereunder known to the Trustee, unless such default shall have been cured or waived; provided,
however, that, except in the case of a default in the payment of the principal of (or premium, if any), or interest, if any, on, or
Additional Amounts or any sinking fund installment with respect to, any Security of such series or in the conversion or exchange of any
Security of such series into Common Stock or other securities or property in accordance with its terms, the Trustee shall be protected
in withholding such notice if and so long as the Trustee in good faith determines that the withholding of such notice is in the best interest
of the Holders of Securities of such series; and provided, further, that in the case of any default of the character specified
in Section 501(4) with respect to Securities of such series, no such notice to Holders shall be given until at least 30 days after the
occurrence thereof. For the purpose of this Section, the term default means any event which is, or after notice or
lapse of time or both would become, an Event of Default with respect to Securities of such series.

Section 604. Not Responsible for Recitals or Issuance
of Securities.

The recitals
contained herein and in the Securities, except the Trustees certificate of authentication, shall be taken as the statements of
the Company and neither the Trustee nor any Authenticating Agent assumes any responsibility for their correctness. The Trustee makes no
representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Indenture or of the Securities, except that the Trustee represents that it is
duly authorized to execute and deliver this Indenture, authenticate the Securities and perform its obligations hereunder and that the
statements made by it in a Statement of Eligibility on Form T-1 supplied to the Company are true and accurate, subject to the qualifications
set forth therein. Neither the Trustee nor any Authenticating Agent shall be accountable for the use or application by the Company of
the Securities or the proceeds thereof.

Section 605. May Hold Securities; Transactions with
the Company.

The Trustee,
any Authenticating Agent, any Paying Agent, any Security Registrar or any other Person that may be an agent of the Trustee or the Company,
in its individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of Securities and, subject to Sections 310(b) and 311 of the
Trust Indenture Act, may otherwise deal with the Company with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee, Authenticating Agent,
Paying Agent, Security Registrar or such other Person; provided, however, that if the Trustee acquires any conflicting interest
relating to any of its duties with respect to the Securities, it must either eliminate such conflict or resign as Trustee.

46

Section 606. Money Held in Trust.

Except as provided
in Section 403 and Section 1003, money held by the Trustee in trust hereunder need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent
required by law and shall be held uninvested. The Trustee shall be under no liability for interest on any money received by it hereunder
except as otherwise agreed in writing with the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, any money received by the Trustee in trust hereunder
shall remain uninvested, except as otherwise agreed in writing by the Trustee and the Company.

Section 607. Compensation and Reimbursement.

The Company agrees:

(1) to
pay to the Trustee from time to time such compensation as shall be agreed in writing with the Company for all services rendered by the
Trustee hereunder (which compensation shall not be limited by any provision of law in regard to the compensation of a trustee of an express
trust);

(2) except
as otherwise expressly provided herein, to reimburse the Trustee upon its request for all reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances
incurred or made by the Trustee in accordance with any provision of this Indenture (including the reasonable compensation and the expenses
and disbursements of its agents and counsel, such as attorneys fees, costs and expenses), except any such expense, disbursement
or advance as may be attributable to the Trustees negligence or willful misconduct; and

(3) to
indemnify the Trustee, its directors, officers, employees and its agents for, and to hold them harmless against, any loss, claim, cause
of action, suits or proceedings at law or in equity, damage, liability or reasonable cost, fee, tax (other than taxes based upon, measured
by or determined by the income of the Trustee) or expense (including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of the
Trustees agents, legal counsel, accountants and experts), arising out of or in connection with this Indenture (including the cost
and expenses of enforcing this Indenture (including this Section 607) against the Company) or the acceptance or administration of the
trust or trusts hereunder, including the reasonable costs and expenses of defending themselves against any claim (whether asserted by
the Company, a Holder or any other Person) or liability in connection with the exercise or performance of any of their powers or duties
hereunder, except to the extent that any such loss, claim, cause of action, damage, liability, fee, tax or expense was due to the Trustees
negligence or willful misconduct.

The foregoing
payment obligations and indemnities shall survive the termination of this Indenture and the resignation or removal of the Trustee.

As security for
the performance of the obligations of the Company under this Section, the Trustee shall have a lien prior to the Securities of any series
upon all property and funds held or collected by the Trustee as such, except funds held in trust for the payment of principal of, or premium
or interest on or any Additional Amounts with respect to Securities.

47

Any compensation
or expense incurred by the Trustee after a default specified by Section 501(5) or (6) is intended to constitute an expense of administration
under any then applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law. Trustee for purposes of this Section 607 shall include any predecessor
Trustee, but the negligence or willful misconduct of any Trustee shall not affect the rights of any other Trustee under this Section 607.
The provisions of this Section 607 shall, to the extent permitted by law, survive any termination or expiration of this Indenture (including,
without limitation, termination pursuant to any then applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law) and the resignation or removal of the Trustee.

Section 608. Corporate Trustee Required; Eligibility.

There shall at
all times be a Trustee hereunder that is a Corporation, organized and doing business under the laws of the United States of America, any
state thereof or the District of Columbia, eligible under Section 310(a)(1) of the Trust Indenture Act to act as trustee under an indenture
qualified under the Trust Indenture Act and that has a combined capital and surplus (computed in accordance with Section 310(a)(2) of
the Trust Indenture Act) of at least $50,000,000 subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority. If at any time the
Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section, it shall resign immediately in the manner and with
the effect hereinafter specified in this Article.

Section 609. Resignation and Removal; Appointment of
Successor.

(1) No
resignation or removal of the Trustee and no appointment of a successor Trustee pursuant to this Article shall become effective until
the acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee pursuant to Section 610.

(2) The
Trustee may resign at any time with respect to the Securities of one or more series by giving written notice thereof to the Company. If
the instrument of acceptance by a successor Trustee required by Section 610 shall not have been delivered to the Trustee within 30 days
after the giving of such notice of resignation, the resigning Trustee may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment
of a successor Trustee with respect to such series at the expense of the Company.

(3) The
Trustee may be removed at any time, upon 30 days notice, with respect to the Securities of any series by Act of the Holders of
a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series, delivered to the Trustee and the Company. If the instrument
of acceptance by a successor Trustee required by Section 610 shall not have been delivered to the Trustee within 30 days after the giving
of such notice of removal, the Trustee being removed may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor
Trustee with respect to such series at the expense of the Company.

(4)
If at any time:

(a) the
Trustee shall fail to comply with the obligations imposed upon it under Section 310(b) of the Trust Indenture Act with respect to Securities
of any series after written request therefor by the Company or any Holder of a Security of such series who has been a bona fide Holder
of a Security of such series for at least six months, or

(b) the
Trustee shall cease to be eligible under Section 608 and shall fail to resign after written request therefor by the Company or any such
Holder, or

48

(c) the
Trustee shall become incapable of acting or shall be adjudged a bankrupt or insolvent or a receiver of the Trustee or of its property
shall be appointed or any public officer shall take charge or control of the Trustee or of its property or affairs for the purpose of
rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation,

then, in any such
case, (i) the Company, by or pursuant to a Board Resolution, may remove the Trustee with respect to all Securities or the Securities of
such series, or (ii) subject to Section 315(e) of the Trust Indenture Act, any Holder of a Security who has been a bona fide Holder of
a Security of such series for at least six months may, on behalf of himself and all others similarly situated, petition any court of competent
jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee with respect to all Securities of such series and the appointment of a successor Trustee or
Trustees.

(5) If
the Trustee shall resign, be removed or become incapable of acting, or if a vacancy shall occur in the office of Trustee for any cause,
with respect to the Securities of one or more series, the Company, by or pursuant to a Board Resolution, shall promptly appoint a successor
Trustee or Trustees with respect to the Securities of that or those series (it being understood that any such successor Trustee may be
appointed with respect to the Securities of one or more or all of such series and that at any time there shall be only one Trustee with
respect to the Securities of any particular series) and shall comply with the applicable requirements of Section 610. If, within one year
after such resignation, removal or incapability, or the occurrence of such vacancy, a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities
of any series shall be appointed by Act of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series
delivered to the Company and the retiring Trustee, the successor Trustee so appointed shall, forthwith upon its acceptance of such appointment
in accordance with the applicable requirements of Section 610, become the successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of such series
and to that extent supersede the successor Trustee appointed by the Company. If no successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of
any series shall have been so appointed by the Company or the Holders of Securities and accepted appointment in the manner required by
Section 610, any Holder of a Security who has been a bona fide Holder of a Security of such series for at least six months may, on behalf
of himself and all others similarly situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee
with respect to the Securities of such series. No predecessor Trustee shall have any responsibility or liability for the action or inaction
of any successor Trustee.

(6) The
Company shall give notice of each resignation and each removal of the Trustee with respect to the Securities of any series and each appointment
of a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of any series by mailing written notice of such event by first-class mail, postage
prepaid, to the Holders of Registered Securities, if any, of such series as their names and addresses appear in the Security Register.
Each notice shall include the name of the successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of such series and the address of its Corporate
Trust Office.

49

Section 610. Acceptance of Appointment by Successor.

(1) Upon
the appointment hereunder of any successor Trustee with respect to all Securities, such successor Trustee so appointed shall execute,
acknowledge and deliver to the Company and the retiring Trustee an instrument accepting such appointment, and thereupon the resignation
or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective and such successor Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall
become vested with all the rights, powers, trusts and duties hereunder of the retiring Trustee; but, on the request of the Company or
such successor Trustee, such retiring Trustee, upon payment of its charges, shall execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such
successor Trustee all the rights, powers and trusts of the retiring Trustee and, subject to Section 1003, shall duly assign, transfer
and deliver to such successor Trustee all property and money held by such retiring Trustee hereunder, subject nevertheless to its claim,
if any, provided for in Section 607.

(2) Upon
the appointment hereunder of any successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of one or more (but not all) series, the Company, the
retiring Trustee and such successor Trustee shall execute and deliver an indenture supplemental hereto wherein each successor Trustee
shall accept such appointment and which (1) shall contain such provisions as shall be necessary or desirable to transfer and confirm to,
and to vest in, such successor Trustee all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Trustee with respect to the Securities
of that or those series to which the appointment of such successor Trustee relates, (2) if the retiring Trustee is not retiring with respect
to all Securities, shall contain such provisions as shall be deemed necessary or desirable to confirm that all the rights, powers, trusts
and duties of the retiring Trustee with respect to the Securities of that or those series as to which the retiring Trustee is not retiring
shall continue to be vested in the retiring Trustee, and (3) shall add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be
necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration of the trusts hereunder by more than one Trustee, it being understood that nothing
herein or in such supplemental indenture shall constitute such Trustees as co-trustees, that each such Trustee shall be separate and apart
from any other such Trustee and that no Trustee shall be responsible for any notice given to, or received by, or any act or failure to
act on the part of any other Trustee hereunder, and, upon the execution and delivery of such supplemental indenture, the resignation or
removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective to the extent provided therein, such retiring Trustee shall have no further responsibility
for the exercise of rights and powers or for the performance of the duties and obligations vested in the Trustee under this Indenture
with respect to the Securities of that or those series to which the appointment of such successor Trustee relates other than as hereinafter
expressly set forth, and such successor Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all the rights,
powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Trustee with respect to the Securities of that or those series to which the appointment of such
successor Trustee relates; but, on request of the Company or such successor Trustee, such retiring Trustee, upon payment of its charges
with respect to the Securities of that or those series to which the appointment of such successor relates and subject to Section 1003
shall duly assign, transfer and deliver to such successor Trustee, to the extent contemplated by such supplemental indenture, the property
and money held by such retiring Trustee hereunder with respect to the Securities of that or those series to which the appointment of such
successor Trustee relates, subject to its claim, if any, provided for in Section 607.

(3) Upon
request of any Person appointed hereunder as a successor Trustee, the Company shall execute any and all instruments for more fully and
certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor Trustee all such rights, powers and trusts referred to in paragraph (1) or (2) of
this Section, as the case may be.

50

(4) No
Person shall accept its appointment hereunder as a successor Trustee unless at the time of such acceptance such successor Person shall
be qualified and eligible under this Article.

Section 611. Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession
to Business.

Any Corporation
into which the Trustee may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any Corporation resulting from any merger,
conversion or consolidation to which the Trustee shall be a party, or any Corporation succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate
trust business of the Trustee, shall be the successor of the Trustee hereunder (provided that such Corporation shall otherwise
be qualified and eligible under this Article), without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the
parties hereto. In case any Securities shall have been authenticated but not delivered by the Trustee then in office, any such successor
to such authenticating Trustee may adopt such authentication and deliver the Securities so authenticated with the same effect as if such
successor Trustee had itself authenticated such Securities. In case any Securities shall not have been authenticated by such predecessor
Trustee, any such successor Trustee may authenticate and deliver such Securities in either its own name or that of its predecessor Trustee.

Section 612. Appointment of Authenticating Agent.

The Trustee may
appoint one or more Authenticating Agents acceptable to the Company with respect to one or more series of Securities which shall be authorized
to act on behalf of the Trustee to authenticate Securities of that or those series issued upon original issue, exchange, registration
of transfer, partial redemption, partial repayment, partial conversion or exchange for Common Stock or other securities or property, or
pursuant to Section 306, and Securities so authenticated shall be entitled to the benefits of this Indenture and shall be valid and obligatory
for all purposes as if authenticated by the Trustee hereunder. Wherever reference is made in this Indenture to the authentication and
delivery of Securities by the Trustee or the Trustees certificate of authentication, such reference shall be deemed to include
authentication and delivery on behalf of the Trustee by an Authenticating Agent and a certificate of authentication executed on behalf
of the Trustee by an Authenticating Agent. The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability for the action or inaction of any Authenticating
Agent, Security Registrar or Paying Agent (in each case, that is not the Trustee).

Each Authenticating
Agent shall be acceptable to the Company and, except as provided in or pursuant to this Indenture, shall at all times be a Corporation
that would be permitted by the Trust Indenture Act to act as trustee under an indenture qualified under the Trust Indenture Act, is authorized
under applicable law and by its charter to act as an Authenticating Agent and has a combined capital and surplus (computed in accordance
with Section 310(a)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act) of at least $50,000,000. If at any time an Authenticating Agent shall cease to be eligible
in accordance with the provisions of this Section, it shall resign immediately in the manner and with the effect specified in this Section.

Any Corporation
into which an Authenticating Agent may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any Corporation resulting from
any merger, conversion or consolidation to which such Authenticating Agent shall be a party, or any Corporation succeeding to all or substantially
all of the corporate agency or corporate trust business of an Authenticating Agent, shall be the successor of such Authenticating Agent
hereunder, provided such Corporation shall be otherwise eligible under this Section, without the execution or filing of any paper
or any further act on the part of the Trustee or the Authenticating Agent.

51

An Authenticating
Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Trustee and the Company. The Trustee may at any time terminate the
agency of an Authenticating Agent by giving written notice thereof to such Authenticating Agent and the Company. Upon receiving such a
notice of resignation or upon such a termination, or in case at any time such Authenticating Agent shall cease to be eligible in accordance
with the provisions of this Section, the Trustee may appoint a successor Authenticating Agent which shall be acceptable to the Company
and shall mail written notice of such appointment by first-class mail, postage prepaid, to all Holders of Registered Securities, if any,
of the series with respect to which such Authenticating Agent shall serve, as their names and addresses appear in the Security Register.
Any successor Authenticating Agent, upon acceptance of its appointment hereunder, shall become vested with all the rights, powers and
duties of its predecessor hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as an Authenticating Agent. No successor Authenticating Agent
shall be appointed unless eligible under the provisions of this Section.

The Company agrees to
pay each Authenticating Agent from time to time reasonable compensation for its services under this Section.

The provisions
of Sections 308, 604 and 605 shall be applicable to each Authenticating Agent.

If
an Authenticating Agent is appointed with respect to one or more series of Securities pursuant to this Section, the Securities of
such series may have endorsed thereon, in addition to or in lieu of the Trustees certificate of authentication, an alternate
certificate of authentication in substantially the following form:

This is one of the Securities
of the series designated herein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

The Huntington National Bank,

As Trustee

By: [Authenticating Agent ]

As Authenticating Agent

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Date: 

52

If all of the
Securities of any series may not be originally issued at one time, and if the Trustee does not have an office capable of authenticating
Securities upon original issuance located in a Place of Payment where the Company wishes to have Securities of such series authenticated
upon original issuance, the Trustee, if so requested in writing (which writing need not be accompanied by or contained in an Officers
Certificate of the Company), shall appoint in accordance with this Section an Authenticating Agent having an office in a Place of Payment
designated by the Company with respect to such series of Securities.

ARTICLE SEVEN

HOLDERS LISTS AND REPORTS BY
TRUSTEE AND COMPANY

Section 701. Company to Furnish Trustee Names and Addresses
of Holders.

In accordance
with Section 312(a) of the Trust Indenture Act, the Company shall furnish or cause to be furnished to the Trustee

(1) semi-annually
with respect to Securities of each series not later than May 1 and November 1 of the year or upon such other dates as are set forth in
or pursuant to the Board Resolution or indenture supplemental hereto authorizing such series, a list, in each case in such form as the
Trustee may reasonably require, of the names and addresses of Holders as of the applicable date, and

(2) at
such other times as the Trustee may request in writing, within 30 days after the receipt by the Company of any such request, a list of
similar form and content as of a date not more than 15 days prior to the time such list is furnished,

provided, however,
that so long as the Trustee is the Security Registrar no such list shall be required to be furnished.

Section 702. Preservation of Information, Communications
to Holders.

The Trustee shall
comply with the obligations imposed upon it pursuant to Section 312 of the Trust Indenture Act.

Every Holder
of Securities, by receiving and holding the same, agrees with the Company and the Trustee that neither the Company, the Trustee, any Paying
Agent or any Security Registrar shall be held accountable by reason of the disclosure of any such information as to the names and addresses
of the Holders of Securities in accordance with Section 312(c) of the Trust Indenture Act, regardless of the source from which such information
was derived, and that the Trustee shall not be held accountable by reason of mailing any material pursuant to a request made under Section
312(b) of the Trust Indenture Act.

Section 703. Reports by Trustee.

(1) Within
60 days after May 15 of each year commencing with the first May 15 following the first issuance of Securities pursuant to Section 301,
if required by Section 313(a) of the Trust Indenture Act, the Trustee shall transmit, pursuant to Section 313(c) of the Trust Indenture
Act, a brief report dated as of such May 15 with respect to any of the events specified in said Sections 313(a) and 313(b)(2) which may
have occurred since the later of the immediately preceding May 15 and the date of this Indenture.

53

(2) The
Trustee shall transmit the reports required by Section 313(a) of the Trust Indenture Act at the times specified therein.

(3) Reports
pursuant to this Section shall be transmitted in the manner and to the Persons required by Sections 313(c) and 313(d) of the Trust Indenture
Act.

Section 704. Reports by Company.

The Company, pursuant
to Section 314(a) of the Trust Indenture Act, shall:

(1) file
with the Trustee, within 15 days after the Company has filed the same with the Commission, copies of the annual reports and of the information,
documents and other reports (or copies of such portions of any of the foregoing as the Commission may from time to time by rules and regulations
prescribe) which the Company is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; or,
if the Company is not required to file information, documents or reports pursuant to either of said Sections, then it shall file with
the Trustee and the Commission, in accordance with rules and regulations prescribed from time to time by the Commission, such of the supplementary
and periodic information, documents and reports which may be required pursuant to Section 13 of the Exchange Act in respect of a security
listed and registered on a national securities exchange as may be prescribed from time to time in such rules and regulations;

(2) file
with the Trustee and the Commission, in accordance with rules and regulations prescribed from time to time by the Commission, such additional
information, documents and reports with respect to compliance by the Company with the conditions and covenants of this Indenture as may
be required from time to time by such rules and regulations; and

(3) transmit
within 30 days after the filing thereof with the Trustee, in the manner and to the extent provided in Section 313(c) of the Trust Indenture
Act, such summaries of any information, documents and reports required to be filed by the Company pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (2) of
this Section as may be required by rules and regulations prescribed from time to time by the Commission.

The Trustee agrees
that any quarterly or annual report or other information, document or other report that the Company files with the Commission pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act on the Commissions EDGAR system shall be deemed to constitute delivery of such filing
to the Trustee, provided, however, that the Trustee shall have no responsibility whatsoever to determine if such filing has occurred.
The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability for the filing, timeliness or content of any report required under this Section
704 or any other reports, information and documents required under this Indenture (aside from any report that is expressly the responsibility
of the Trustee subject to the terms hereof). Delivery of such reports, information and documents to the Trustee is for informational purposes
only and the Trustees receipt of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable
from information contained therein, including the Companys compliance with any of its covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee
is entitled to rely exclusively on Officers Certificates).

ARTICLE
EIGHT

CONSOLIDATION, MERGER AND SALES

Section 801. Company May Consolidate,
Etc., Only on Certain Terms.

The Company shall
not, in any transaction or series of related transactions, consolidate or amalgamate with or merge into any Person or sell, assign, transfer,
lease or otherwise convey all or substantially all its properties and assets to any Person, unless:

(1) either
(i) the Company shall be the continuing Person (in the case of a merger), or (ii) the successor Person (if other than the Company) formed
by or resulting from such consolidation or amalgamation or into which the Company is merged or to which such sale, assignment, transfer,
lease or other conveyance of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Company is made, shall be a Corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the United States, any state of the United States or the District of Columbia, and such successor Person
shall expressly assume, by an indenture (or indentures, if at such time there is more than one Trustee) supplemental hereto, executed
by such successor Corporation and delivered to the Trustee, in form satisfactory to the Trustee, the due and punctual payment of the principal
of, any premium and interest on, and any Additional Amounts with respect to, all the Outstanding Securities and the due and punctual performance
and observance of every obligation in this Indenture and the Outstanding Securities on the part of the Company to be performed or observed,
and which supplemental indenture shall provide for conversion or exchange rights in accordance with the provisions of the Securities of
any series that are convertible or exchangeable into Common Stock or other securities or property;

(2) immediately
after giving effect to such transaction, no Event of Default, and no event which, after notice or lapse of time, or both, would become
an Event of Default, shall have occurred and be continuing; and

(3) the
Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such consolidation,
merger, sale, assignment, transfer, lease or other conveyance and, if a supplemental indenture is required in connection with such transaction,
such supplemental indenture comply with this Article and that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to such transaction
have been complied with.

54

Section 802. Successor Person Substituted
for Company.

Upon any consolidation
or amalgamation by the Company with or merger of the Company into any other Person or any sale, assignment, transfer, lease or conveyance
of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Company to any Person in accordance with Section 801, the successor Person
formed by such consolidation or amalgamation or into which the Company is merged or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, lease or
other conveyance is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company under this Indenture
with the same effect as if such successor Person had been named as the Company herein; and thereafter, except in the case of a lease,
the predecessor Person shall be released from all obligations and covenants under this Indenture and the Securities.

ARTICLE
NINE

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES

Section 901. Supplemental Indentures
without Consent of Holders.

Without the consent
of any Holders of Securities, the Company (when authorized by or pursuant to a Board Resolution) and the Trustee, at any time and from
time to time, may enter into one or more indentures supplemental hereto for any of the following purposes:

(1) to
modify the restrictions on and procedures for resale, attempted resale, and other transfers of the Securities or interests therein to
reflect any change in applicable law or regulation (or interpretation thereof) or in practices relating to the resale or transfer of restricted
securities generally; or

(2) to
evidence the succession of another Person to the Company, and the assumption by any such successor of the covenants of the Company contained
herein and in the Securities; or

(3) to
add to the covenants of the Company for the benefit of the Holders of all or any series of Securities (as shall be specified in such supplemental
indenture or indentures) or to surrender any right or power herein conferred upon the Company with respect to all or any series of Securities
issued under this Indenture (as shall be specified in such supplemental indenture or indentures); or

(4) to
establish the form or terms of Securities of any series as permitted by Sections 201 and 301, including, without limitation, any conversion
or exchange provisions applicable to Securities which are convertible into or exchangeable for other securities or property, and any deletions
from or additions or changes to this Indenture in connection therewith (provided that any such deletions, additions and changes
shall not be applicable to any other series of Securities then Outstanding); or

(5) to
evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment hereunder by a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of one or more
series and to add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration
of the trusts hereunder by more than one Trustee, pursuant to the requirements of Section 610; or

(6) to
cure any ambiguity or to correct or supplement any provision herein which may be defective or which may be inconsistent with any other
provision herein, or to make any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Indenture, or to make any change
necessary to comply with any requirement of the Commission in connection with the Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act, in each case
which shall not adversely affect the interests of the Holders of Securities of any series then Outstanding, in any material respect; or

55

(7) to
add any additional Events of Default with respect to all or any series of Securities (as shall be specified in such supplemental indenture);
or

(8) to
supplement any of the provisions of this Indenture to such extent as shall be necessary to permit or facilitate the defeasance, covenant
defeasance and/or satisfaction and discharge of any series of Securities pursuant to Article Four, provided that any such action
shall not adversely affect the interests of any Holder of a Security of such series and or any other Security; or

(9)
to secure the Securities or to add guarantees for the benefit of the Securities; or

(10) to
amend or supplement any provision contained herein or in any supplemental indenture or in any Securities (which amendment or supplement
may apply to one or more series of Securities or to one or more Securities within any series as specified in such supplemental indenture
or indentures), provided that such amendment or supplement does not apply to any Outstanding Security issued prior to the date
of such supplemental indenture and entitled to the benefits of such provision; or

(11) in
the case of any series of Securities which are convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock or other securities or property, to safeguard
or provide for the conversion or exchange rights, as the case may be, of such Securities in the event of any reclassification or change
of outstanding shares of Common Stock or any merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or combination of the Company with or into
another Person or any sale, lease, assignment, transfer, disposition or other conveyance of all or substantially all of the properties
and assets of the Company to any other Person or other similar transactions, if expressly required by the terms of such series of Securities
established pursuant to Section 301; or

(12) to
conform the terms of the Indenture or the Securities of a series to the description thereof contained in any prospectus or other offering
document or memorandum relating to the offer and sale of such Securities, as set forth in an Officers Certificate.

Section 902. Supplemental Indentures with Consent of
Holders.

With the consent
of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of each series affected by such supplemental
indenture (voting as separate classes), by Act of said Holders delivered to the Company and the Trustee, the Company (when authorized
by or pursuant to a Board Resolution) and the Trustee may enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for the purpose of
adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Indenture or of the Securities of such
series or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders of Securities of such series under this Indenture; provided that
no such supplemental indenture, without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Security affected thereby, shall

56

(1) change
the Stated Maturity of the principal of, or premium, if any, or any installment of interest, if any, on, or any Additional Amounts, if
any, with respect to, any Security, or reduce the principal amount thereof or the premium, if any, thereon or the rate (or modify the
calculation of such rate) of interest thereon, or reduce the amount payable upon redemption thereof at the option of the Company or repayment
or repurchase thereof at the option of the Holder, or reduce any Additional Amounts payable with respect thereto, or change the obligation
of the Company to pay Additional Amounts pursuant to Section 1004 (except as contemplated by Section 801(1) and permitted by Section 901(1)),
or reduce the amount of the principal of any Original Issue Discount Security that would be due and payable upon acceleration of the Maturity
thereof pursuant to Section 502 or the amount thereof provable in bankruptcy pursuant to Section 504, or adversely affect the right of
repayment or repurchase at the option of any Holder as contemplated by Article Thirteen, or change the Place of Payment where or the Currency
in which the principal of, any premium or interest on, or any Additional Amounts with respect to any Security is payable, or impair the
right to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after the Stated Maturity thereof (or, in the case of redemption,
on or after the Redemption Date or, in the case of repayment or repurchase pursuant to Article Thirteen at the option of the Holder, on
or after the date for repayment or repurchase) in each case as such Stated Maturity, Redemption Date or date for repayment or repurchase
may, if applicable, be extended in accordance with the terms of such Security, or in the case of any Security which is convertible into
or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other securities or property, impair the right to institute suit to enforce the right to
convert or exchange such Security in accordance with its terms, or

(2) reduce
the percentage in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of any series, the consent of whose Holders is required for any such
supplemental indenture, or the consent of whose Holders is required for any waiver (of compliance with certain provisions of this Indenture
or certain defaults hereunder and their consequences) provided for in Section 513 of this Indenture, or reduce the requirements of Section
1504 for quorum or voting, or

(3) modify
any of the provisions of this Section or Section 513, except to increase any such percentage or to provide that certain other provisions
of this Indenture cannot be modified or waived without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Security affected thereby, or

(4) modify
the subordination provisions of any Securities that are subordinated obligations of the Company, or

57

(5) make
any change that adversely affects the right, if any, to convert or exchange any Security for shares of Common Stock or other securities
or property in accordance with its terms.

A supplemental
indenture which changes or eliminates any covenant or other provision of this Indenture which shall have been included solely for the
benefit of one or more particular series of Securities, or which modifies the rights of the Holders of Securities of such series with
respect to such covenant or other provision, shall be deemed not to affect the rights under this Indenture of the Holders of Securities
of any other series.

Anything in this
Indenture to the contrary notwithstanding, if more than one series of Securities is Outstanding, the Company shall be entitled to enter
into a supplemental indenture under this Section 902 with respect to any one or more series of Outstanding Securities without entering
into a supplemental indenture with respect to any other series of Outstanding Securities.

It shall not be
necessary for any Act of Holders of Securities under this Section to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental indenture,
but it shall be sufficient if such Act shall approve the substance thereof.

Section 903. Execution of Supplemental
Indentures.

As a condition
to executing, or accepting the additional trusts created by, any supplemental indenture permitted by this Article or the modifications
thereby of the trust created by this Indenture, the Trustee shall receive, and (subject to Sections 315(a) through 315(d) of the Trust
Indenture Act) shall be fully protected in conclusively relying upon, an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel of the
Company to the effect that the execution of such supplemental indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture, that all covenants
and conditions precedent thereto have been satisfied, and, with respect to such Opinion of Counsel, that such supplemental indenture has
been duly authorized, executed and delivered by, and is a valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the Company, subject to customary
exceptions. The Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such supplemental indenture which affects the Trustees
own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise.

Upon Company Request,
accompanied by the Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel provided for in Section 102 and this Section 903, and, if applicable,
upon the filing with the Trustee of evidence of the consent of Holders as aforesaid, the Trustee shall join with the other parties thereto
in execution of a supplemental indenture, subject to the protection afforded to the Trustee by the last sentence of the first paragraph
of this Section 903.

Section 904. Effect of Supplemental Indentures.

Upon the execution
of any supplemental indenture under this Article, this Indenture shall be modified in accordance therewith, and such supplemental indenture
shall form a part of this Indenture for all purposes; and every Holder of a Security theretofore or thereafter authenticated and delivered
hereunder shall be bound thereby.

Section 905. Reference in Securities to Supplemental
Indentures.

Securities of
any series authenticated and delivered after the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to this Article may, and shall if required
by the Trustee, bear a notation as to any matter provided for in such supplemental indenture. If the Company shall so determine, new Securities
of any series so modified as to conform, in the opinion of the Company, to any such supplemental indenture may be prepared and executed
by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee, upon Company Order, in exchange for Outstanding Securities of such series.
Failure to make the appropriate notation or to issue new Securities shall not affect the validity of such supplemental indenture.

58

Section 906. Conformity with Trust Indenture Act.

Every supplemental
indenture executed pursuant to this Article shall conform to the requirements of the Trust Indenture Act as then in effect.

ARTICLE TEN

COVENANTS

Section 1001. Payment of Principal, Premium, Interest and
Additional Amounts.

The Company covenants
and agrees for the benefit of the Holders of the Securities of each series that it will duly and punctually pay, or cause to be paid when
due, the principal of, any premium and interest on and any Additional Amounts with respect to the Securities of such series, whether payable
in cash, shares of Common Stock or other securities or property, in accordance with the terms thereof, and this Indenture.

Section 1002. Maintenance of Office or Agency.

The Company shall
maintain in each Place of Payment for any series of Securities an Office or Agency where Securities of such series may be presented or
surrendered for payment, where Securities of such series may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange, where Securities
of such series that are convertible or exchangeable may be surrendered for conversion or exchange, and where notices and demands to or
upon the Company in respect of the Securities of such series relating thereto and this Indenture may be served. The Company will give
prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change in the location, of such Office or Agency. If at any time the Company
shall fail to maintain any such required Office or Agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations,
surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and the Company hereby appoints the
Trustee as its agent to receive all such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands; provided, however, that the Trustee shall
not be deemed an agent of the Company for service of legal process. In no event shall the Trustee be required to maintain a Corporate
Trust Office other than in the Place of Payment.

The Company may
also from time to time designate one or more other Offices or Agencies where the Securities of one or more series may be presented or
surrendered for any or all such purposes and may from time to time rescind such designations; provided, however, that no such designation
or rescission shall in any manner relieve the Company of its obligation to maintain an Office or Agency in each Place of Payment for Securities
of any series for such purposes. The Company shall give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any such designation or rescission and
of any change in the location of any such other Office or Agency.

59

Section 1003. Money for Securities Payments to Be Held
in Trust.

If the Company
shall at any time act as its own Paying Agent with respect to any series of Securities, it shall, on or before each due date of the principal
of, any premium or interest on, or any Additional Amounts with respect to any of the Securities of such series, segregate and hold in
trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled thereto a sum in the Currency or Currencies in which the Securities of such series are payable
sufficient to pay the principal, any premium, interest and Additional Amounts, as the case may be, so becoming due until such sums shall
be paid to such Persons or otherwise disposed of as herein provided, and shall promptly notify the Trustee of its action or failure so
to act.

Whenever the
Company shall have one or more Paying Agents for any series of Securities, it shall, on or prior to each due date of the principal of,
or any premium or interest on or any Additional Amounts with respect to, any Securities of such series, deposit with any Paying Agent
a sum (in the Currency or Currencies described in the preceding paragraph) sufficient to pay the principal, premium, interest and Additional
Amounts, as the case may be, so becoming due, such sum to be held in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled thereto, and (unless
such Paying Agent is the Trustee) the Company will promptly notify the Trustee of its action or failure so to act.

The Company shall
cause each Paying Agent for any series of Securities other than the Trustee to execute and deliver to the Trustee an instrument in which
such Paying Agent shall agree with the Trustee, subject to the provisions of this Section, that such Paying Agent shall:

(1) hold
all sums held by it for the payment of the principal of, any premium or interest on or any Additional Amounts with respect to Securities
of such series in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled thereto until such sums shall be paid to such Persons or otherwise disposed
of as provided in or pursuant to this Indenture;

(2) give
the Trustee written notice of any default by the Company (or any other obligor upon the Securities of such series) in the making of any
payment of principal, any premium or interest on or any Additional Amounts with respect to the Securities of such series; and

(3) at
any time during the continuance of any such default, upon the written request of the Trustee, forthwith pay to the Trustee all sums so
held in trust by such Paying Agent.

To the extent
that the terms of any Securities established pursuant to Section 301 provide that any principal of, or premium or interest, if any, on
or any Additional Amounts with respect to any such Securities is or may be payable in shares of Common Stock or other securities or property,
then the provisions of this Section 1003 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to such shares of Common Stock or other securities or property.

The Company may
at any time, for the purpose of obtaining the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture or for any other purpose, pay, or by Company
Order direct any Paying Agent to pay, to the Trustee all sums held in trust by the Company or such Paying Agent, such sums to be held
by the Trustee upon the same terms as those upon which such sums were held by the Company or such Paying Agent; and, upon such payment
by any Paying Agent to the Trustee, such Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability with respect to such sums.

60

Subject to applicable
law, and except as otherwise provided herein or pursuant hereto, any money deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or then held
by the Company, in trust for the payment of the principal of, any premium or interest on or any Additional Amounts with respect to any
Security of any series and remaining unclaimed for two years after such principal or such premium or interest or Additional Amount shall
have become due and payable shall be paid to the Company on Company Request, or (if then held by the Company) shall be discharged from
such trust; and the Holder of such Security shall thereafter, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Company for payment thereof,
and all liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money, and all liability of the Company as trustee thereof,
shall thereupon cease; provided, however, that the Trustee or such Paying Agent, before being required to make any such repayment,
may, not later than 30 days after the Companys request for such repayment, at the expense of the Company cause to be mailed or
otherwise sent to Holders of Registered Securities of such series, or both, notice that such money remains unclaimed and that, after a
date specified therein, which shall not be less than 30 days from the date of such mailing nor shall it be earlier than two years after
such principal and any premium or interest or Additional Amounts shall have become due and payable, any unclaimed balance of such money
then remaining will be repaid to the Company.

Section 1004. Additional Amounts.

If any Securities
of a series provide for the payment of Additional Amounts, the Company agrees to pay to the Holder of any such Securities, Additional
Amounts as provided in or pursuant to this Indenture or such Securities. Whenever in this Indenture there is mentioned, in any context,
the payment of the principal of or any premium or interest on, or in respect of, any Security of any series, such mention shall be deemed
to include mention of the payment of Additional Amounts provided by the terms of such series established hereby or pursuant hereto to
the extent that, in such context, Additional Amounts are, were or would be payable in respect thereof pursuant to such terms, and express
mention of the payment of Additional Amounts (if applicable) in any provision hereof shall not be construed as excluding Additional Amounts
in those provisions hereof where such express mention is not made. The Trustee shall receive notice of such Additional Amounts in advance
of any interest payment date.

Except as otherwise
provided in or pursuant to this Indenture or the Securities of any series, if the Securities of a series provide for the payment of Additional
Amounts, at least 10 days prior to the first Interest Payment Date with respect to such series of Securities (or if the Securities of
such series shall not bear interest prior to Maturity, the first day on which a payment of principal is made), and at least 10 days prior
to each date of payment of principal or interest if there has been any change with respect to the matters set forth in the below-mentioned
Officers Certificate, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee and the Paying Agent or Paying Agents, if other than the Trustee,
an Officers Certificate instructing the Trustee and such Paying Agent or Paying Agents whether such payment of principal of and
premium, if any, or interest, if any, on the Securities of such series shall be made to Holders of Securities of such series who are United
States Aliens without withholding or deduction for or on account of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge described in the
Securities of such series or pursuant to Section 301 with respect to the Securities of such series. If any such withholding or deduction
shall be required, then such Officers Certificate shall specify by country the amount, if any, required to be withheld on or deducted
from such payments to such Holders of Securities, and the Company agrees to pay to the Trustee or such Paying Agent the Additional Amounts
required by the terms of such Securities. The Company covenants to indemnify the Trustee and any Paying Agent for, and to hold them harmless
against, any loss, damage, liability, cost or expense, including attorneys fees, costs and expenses, reasonably incurred without
negligence or willful misconduct on their part arising out of or in connection with actions taken or omitted by any of them in reliance
on any Officers Certificate furnished pursuant to this Section. Nothing in this Section 1004 or elsewhere in this Indenture shall
limit the obligation of the Company to pay Additional Amounts with respect to the Securities of any series pursuant to the terms, if any,
established pursuant to Section 301 with respect to the Securities of such series.

61

Section 1005. Corporate Existence.

Subject to Article
Eight, the Company shall do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect (i) the corporate existence
of the Company, and (ii) the rights (charter and statutory), licenses and franchises of the Company; provided, however, that the
Company shall not be required to preserve any such right, license or franchise of the Company if the Board of Directors of the Company
determines that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of the Company taken as a whole.

Section 1006. Company Statement as to Compliance.

The Company shall
deliver to the Trustee, within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year ending after the date hereof so long as any Security is Outstanding
hereunder, a written statement (which need not be contained in or accompanied by an Officers Certificate) signed by the principal
executive officer, the principal financial officer or the principal accounting officer of the Company stating whether or not, to the best
of his or her knowledge, the Company is in default in the performance and observance of any of the terms, provisions and conditions of
this Indenture (without regard to notice requirements or periods of grace) and if the Company shall be in default, specifying all such
defaults and the nature and status thereof of which he or she may have knowledge.

Any notice required
to be given under this Section 1006 shall be delivered to a Responsible Officer of the Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office.

ARTICLE
ELEVEN

REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES

Section 1101. Applicability of Article.

Redemption of
Securities of any series at the option of the Company as permitted or required by the terms of such Securities shall be made in accordance
with the terms of such Securities and (except as otherwise provided herein or pursuant hereto) this Article. Unless the terms of any Securities
provide otherwise, any redemption may be subject to one or more conditions precedent set out in the notice of redemption pursuant to Section
1104.

62

Section 1102. Election to Redeem; Notice to Trustee.

The election
of the Company to redeem any Securities shall be evidenced by or pursuant to a Board Resolution. In case of any redemption at the election
of the Company, the Company shall, at least 60 days prior to the Redemption Date fixed by the Company (unless a shorter notice shall be
satisfactory to the Trustee and agreed upon in writing by the Trustee), notify the Trustee of such Redemption Date, of the principal amount
of Securities of such series to be redeemed, of any conditions precedent to such redemption, and, in the event that the Company shall
determine that the Securities of any series to be redeemed shall be selected from Securities of such series having the same issue date,
interest rate or interest rate formula, Stated Maturity and other terms (the Equivalent Terms), the Company shall
notify the Trustee of such Equivalent Terms.

In
the case of any redemption of Securities (A) prior to the expiration of any restriction on such redemption provided in the terms of
such Securities or elsewhere in this Indenture or (B) pursuant to an election of the Company which is subject to a condition
specified in the terms of such Securities or elsewhere in this Indenture, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee an
Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel evidencing compliance with such restriction or condition.

Section 1103. Selection by Trustee of Securities to be
Redeemed.

If less than all
of the Securities of any series are to be redeemed or if less than all of the Securities of any series with Equivalent Terms are to be
redeemed, the particular Securities to be redeemed shall be selected not more than 60 days prior to the Redemption Date by the Trustee
from the Outstanding Securities of such series or from the Outstanding Securities of such series with Equivalent Terms, as the case may
be, not previously called for redemption, by such method as the Trustee shall deem fair and appropriate in accordance with Depository
procedures and which may provide for the selection for redemption of portions of the principal amount of Registered Securities of such
series; provided, however, that no such partial redemption shall reduce the portion of the principal amount of a Security of such
series not redeemed to less than the minimum denomination for a Security of such series established herein or pursuant hereto.

The Trustee shall
promptly notify the Company and the Security Registrar (if other than itself) in writing of the Securities selected for redemption and,
in the case of any Securities selected for partial redemption, the principal amount thereof to be redeemed.

For all purposes
of this Indenture, unless the context otherwise requires, all provisions relating to the redemption of Securities shall relate, in the
case of any Securities redeemed or to be redeemed only in part, to the portion of the principal of such Securities which has been or is
to be redeemed.

Unless otherwise
specified in or pursuant to this Indenture or the Securities of any series, if any Security selected for partial redemption is converted
or exchanged for Common Stock or other securities or property in part before termination of the conversion or exchange right with respect
to the portion of the Security so selected, the converted or exchanged portion of such Security shall be deemed (so far as may be) to
be the portion selected for redemption. Securities which have been converted or exchanged during a selection of Securities to be redeemed
shall be treated by the Trustee as Outstanding for the purpose of such selection.

63

Section 1104. Notice of Redemption.

Notice of redemption
shall be given in the manner provided in Section 106, not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior to the Redemption Date, unless a shorter
period is specified in the Securities to be redeemed, to the Holders of Securities to be redeemed. Failure to give notice by mailing in
the manner herein provided to the Holder of any Registered Securities designated for redemption as a whole or in part, or any defect in
the notice to any such Holder, shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any other Securities or portions
thereof.

Any notice that
is sent to the Holder of any Registered Securities in the manner herein provided shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given,
whether or not such Holder receives the notice.

All notices of redemption
shall state:

(1)
the Redemption Date,

(2)
the Redemption Price,

(3) if
less than all Outstanding Securities of any series are to be redeemed, the identification (and, in the case of partial redemption, the
principal amount) of the particular Security or Securities to be redeemed,

(4) that,
in case any Security is to be redeemed in part only, on and after the Redemption Date, upon surrender of such Security, the Holder of
such Security will receive, without charge, a new Security or Securities of authorized denominations for the principal amount thereof
remaining unredeemed,

(5) that,
on the Redemption Date, the Redemption Price shall become due and payable upon each such Security or portion thereof to be redeemed, together
(if applicable) with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon (subject, if applicable, to the provisos to the first paragraph of Section
1106), and, if applicable, that interest thereon shall cease to accrue on and after said date,

(6) the
place or places where such Securities maturing after the Redemption Date are to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price and
any accrued interest and Additional Amounts pertaining thereto,

(7)
that the redemption is for a sinking fund, if such is the case,

64

(8) in
the case of Securities of any series that are convertible or exchangeable into shares of Common Stock or other securities or property,
the then current conversion or exchange price or rate, the date or dates on which the right to convert or exchange the principal of the
Securities of such series to be redeemed will commence or terminate, as applicable, and the place or places where and the Persons to whom
such Securities may be surrendered for conversion or exchange,

(9) the
CUSIP number, Common Code or ISIN number of such Securities, if any (or any other numbers used by a Depository to identify such Securities),
and

(10) any
conditions precedent to the Companys obligation to redeem the Securities.

A copy of any notice of
redemption shall promptly be provided to the Trustee.

Notice of redemption
of Securities to be redeemed at the election of the Company shall be given by the Company or, at the Companys request in an Officers
Certificate (attaching as an exhibit the notice of redemption) delivered to the Trustee at least two (2) Business Days prior to the requested
date of delivery (or such shorter notice as shall be acceptable to the Trustee), by the Trustee in the name and at the expense of the
Company. Any redemption or notice of any redemption may, at the Companys discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent,
including, but not limited to, completion of an equity offering, other offering, issuance of indebtedness, or other corporate transaction
or event. Notice of any redemption in respect thereof will be given prior to the completion thereof and may be partial as a result of
only some of the conditions being satisfied.

Section 1105. Deposit of Redemption Price.

On or prior to
10:00 a.m. (local time in New York City) on any Redemption Date, the Company shall deposit, with respect to the Securities of any series
called for redemption pursuant to Section 1104, with the Trustee or with a Paying Agent (or, if the Company is acting as its own Paying
Agent, segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 1003) an amount of money in the applicable Currency sufficient to pay the Redemption
Price of, and (except if the Redemption Date shall be an Interest Payment Date, unless otherwise specified pursuant to Section 301 for
or in the Securities of such series) any accrued interest on and Additional Amounts with respect to, all such Securities or portions thereof
which are to be redeemed on that date.

Section 1106. Securities Payable on Redemption Date.

Notice of redemption
having been given as aforesaid, and subject to the satisfaction of any conditions precedent, the Securities so to be redeemed shall, on
the Redemption Date, become due and payable at the Redemption Price therein specified, together with (unless otherwise provided with respect
to the Securities of such series pursuant to Section 301) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon and from and after such date (unless
the Company shall default in the payment of the Redemption Price and accrued interest, if any) such Securities shall cease to bear interest.
Upon surrender of any such Security for redemption in accordance with said notice, such Security shall be paid by the Company at the Redemption
Price, together with, unless otherwise provided in or pursuant to this Indenture, any accrued and unpaid interest thereon and Additional
Amounts with respect thereto to but excluding the Redemption Date; provided, however, that, except as otherwise specified in or
pursuant to this Indenture or the Registered Securities of such series, installments of interest on Registered Securities whose Stated
Maturity is on or prior to the Redemption Date shall be payable to the Holders of such Securities, or one or more Predecessor Securities,
registered as such at the close of business on the Regular Record Dates therefor according to their terms and the provisions of Section
307.

65

If any Security
called for redemption shall not be so paid upon surrender thereof for redemption, the principal and any premium, until paid, shall bear
interest from the Redemption Date at the rate prescribed therefor in the Security or, if no rate is prescribed therefor in the Security,
at the rate of interest, if any, borne by such Security.

Section 1107. Securities Redeemed in Part.

Any Registered
Security which is to be redeemed only in part shall be surrendered at any Office or Agency for such Security (with, if the Company or
the Trustee so requires, due endorsement by, or a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Trustee duly
executed by, the Holder thereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing) and the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate
and deliver, upon Company Order, to the Holder of such Security without service charge, a new Registered Security or Securities of the
same series, containing identical terms and provisions, of any authorized denomination as requested by such Holder in aggregate principal
amount equal to and in exchange for the unredeemed portion of the principal of the Security so surrendered. If a Security in global form
is so surrendered, if required by the applicable procedures of the Depository, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate
and deliver, upon Company Order, to the Depository for such Security in global form as shall be specified in the Company Order with respect
thereto to the Trustee, without service charge, a new Security in global form in a denomination equal to and in exchange for the unredeemed
portion of the principal of the Security in global form so surrendered.

ARTICLE TWELVE

SINKING FUNDS

Section 1201. Applicability of Article.

The provisions
of this Article shall be applicable to any sinking fund for the retirement of Securities of a series, except as otherwise permitted or
required in or pursuant to this Indenture or any Security of such series issued pursuant to this Indenture.

The minimum amount
of any sinking fund payment provided for by the terms of Securities of any series is herein referred to as a mandatory sinking
fund payment, and any payment in excess of such minimum amount provided for by the terms of Securities of such series is herein
referred to as an optional sinking fund payment. If provided for by the terms of Securities of any series, the cash
amount of any sinking fund payment may be subject to reduction as provided in Section 1202. Each sinking fund payment shall be applied
to the redemption of Securities of any series as provided for by the terms of Securities of such series and this Indenture.

66

Section 1202. Satisfaction of Sinking Fund Payments with
Securities.

The
Company may, in satisfaction of all or any part of any sinking fund payment with respect to the Securities of any series to be made
pursuant to the terms of such Securities (1) deliver Outstanding Securities of such series (other than any of such Securities
previously called for redemption or any of such Securities in respect of which cash shall have been released to the Company), and
(2) apply as a credit Securities of such series which have been redeemed either at the election of the Company pursuant to the terms
of such series of Securities or through the application of permitted optional sinking fund payments pursuant to the terms of such
Securities, provided that such Securities have not been previously so credited. Such Securities shall be received and
credited for such purpose by the Trustee at the Redemption Price specified in such Securities for redemption through operation of
the sinking fund and the amount of such sinking fund payment shall be reduced accordingly. If as a result of the delivery or credit
of Securities of any series in lieu of cash payments pursuant to this Section 1202, the principal amount of Securities of such
series to be redeemed in order to exhaust the aforesaid cash payment shall be less than $100,000, the Trustee need not call
Securities of such series for redemption, except upon Company Request, and such cash payment shall be held by the Trustee or a
Paying Agent and applied to the next succeeding sinking fund payment, provided, however, that the Trustee or such Paying
Agent shall at the written request of the Company from time to time pay over and deliver to the Company any cash payment so being
held by the Trustee or such Paying Agent upon delivery by the Company to the Trustee of Securities of that series purchased by the
Company having an unpaid principal amount equal to the cash payment requested to be released to the Company.

Section 1203. Redemption of Securities for Sinking Fund.

Not less than
75 days prior to each sinking fund payment date for any series of Securities, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers
Certificate specifying the amount of the next ensuing mandatory sinking fund payment for that series pursuant to the terms of that series,
the portion thereof, if any, which is to be satisfied by payment of cash and the portion thereof, if any, which is to be satisfied by
delivering and crediting of Securities of that series pursuant to Section 1202, and the optional amount, if any, to be added in cash to
the next ensuing mandatory sinking fund payment, and will also deliver to the Trustee any Securities to be so credited and not theretofore
delivered. If such Officers Certificate shall specify an optional amount to be added in cash to the next ensuing mandatory sinking
fund payment, the Company shall thereupon be obligated to pay the amount therein specified. Not less than 60 days before each such sinking
fund payment date the Trustee shall select the Securities to be redeemed upon such sinking fund payment date in the manner specified in
Section 1103 and cause notice of the redemption thereof to be given in the name of and at the expense of the Company in the manner provided
in Section 1104. Such notice having been duly given, the redemption of such Securities shall be made upon the terms and in the manner
stated in Sections 1106 and 1107.

ARTICLE
THIRTEEN

REPAYMENT AT THE OPTION OF HOLDERS

Section 1301. Applicability of Article.

Securities of
any series which are repayable at the option of the Holders thereof before their Stated Maturity shall be repaid in accordance with the
terms of the Securities of such series. The repayment of any principal amount of Securities pursuant to such option of the Holder to require
repayment of Securities before their Stated Maturity, for purposes of Section 309, shall not operate as a payment, redemption or satisfaction
of the indebtedness represented by such Securities unless and until the Company, at its option, shall deliver or surrender the same to
the Trustee with a directive that such Securities be cancelled. If specified with respect to the Securities of a series as contemplated
by Section 301, in connection with any repayment of Securities, the Company may arrange for the purchase of any Securities by an agreement
with one or more investment bankers or other purchasers to purchase such Securities by paying to the Holders of such Securities on or
before the applicable repayment date an amount not less than the repayment price payable by the Company on repayment of such Securities,
and the obligation of the Company to pay the repayment price of such Securities shall be satisfied and discharged to the extent such payment
is so paid by such purchasers.

67

Unless otherwise
expressly stated in this Indenture or pursuant to Section 301 with respect to the Securities of any series or unless the context otherwise
requires, all references in this Indenture to the repayment of Securities at the option of the Holders thereof (and all references of
like import) shall be deemed to include a reference to the repurchase of Securities at the option of the Holders thereof.

ARTICLE
FOURTEEN

SECURITIES IN FOREIGN CURRENCIES

Section 1401. Applicability of Article.

Whenever this
Indenture provides for (i) any action by, or the determination of any of the rights of, Holders of Securities of any series in which not
all of such Securities are denominated in the same Currency or (ii) any distribution to Holders of Securities of any series in which not
all of such Securities are denominated in the same Currency, in the absence of any provision to the contrary in or pursuant to this Indenture
or the Securities of such series and in accordance with the Depositorys procedures, any amount in respect of any Security denominated
in a Currency other than Dollars shall be treated for any such action, determination or distribution as that amount of Dollars that could
be obtained for such amount on such reasonable basis of exchange and as of the record date with respect to Registered Securities of such
series (if any) for such action, determination or distribution (or, if there shall be no applicable record date, such other date reasonably
proximate to the date of such distribution) as the Company may specify in a written notice to the Trustee.

ARTICLE
FIFTEEN

MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF SECURITIES

Section 1501. Purposes for Which Meetings May Be Called.

A meeting of
Holders of Securities of any series may be called at any time and from time to time pursuant to this Article to make, give or take any
request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act provided by this Indenture to be made, given or taken
by Holders of Securities of such series.

Section 1502. Call, Notice and Place of Meetings.

(1) The
Trustee may at any time call a meeting of Holders of Securities of any series for any purpose specified in Section 1501, to be held at
such time and at such place in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York. Notice of every meeting of Holders of Securities of any
series, setting forth the time and the place of such meeting and in general terms the action proposed to be taken at such meeting, shall
be given, in the manner provided in Section 106, not less than 21 nor more than 180 days prior to the date fixed for the meeting.

68

(2) In
case at any time the Company (by or pursuant to a Board Resolution) or the Holders of at least 10% in aggregate principal amount of the
Outstanding Securities of any series shall have requested the Trustee to call a meeting of the Holders of Securities of such series for
any purpose specified in Section 1501, by written request setting forth in reasonable detail the action proposed to be taken at the meeting,
and the Trustee shall not have sent notice of such meeting within 21 days after receipt of such request (whichever shall be required pursuant
to Section 106) or shall not thereafter proceed to cause the meeting to be held as provided herein, then the Company or the Holders of
Securities of such series in the amount above specified, as the case may be, may determine the time and the place in the Borough of Manhattan,
The City of New York.

Section 1503. Persons Entitled to Vote at Meetings.

To be entitled
to vote at any meeting of Holders of Securities of any series, a Person shall be (1) a Holder of one or more Outstanding Securities of
such series, or (2) a Person appointed by an instrument in writing as proxy for a Holder or Holders of one or more Outstanding Securities
of such series by such Holder or Holders. The only Persons who shall be entitled to be present or to speak at any meeting of Holders of
Securities of any series shall be the Persons entitled to vote at such meeting and their counsel, any representatives of the Trustee and
its counsel and any representatives of the Company and its counsel.

Section 1504. Quorum; Action.

The Persons entitled
to vote a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of a series shall constitute a quorum for a meeting or
duly reconvened meeting of Holders of Securities of such series; provided, however, that if any action is to be taken at such meeting
with respect to a consent or waiver which this Indenture expressly provides may be given by the Holders of a supermajority in aggregate
principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of a series, the Persons entitled to vote the specified supermajority in aggregate principal
amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series shall constitute a quorum. In the absence of a quorum within 30 minutes after the
time appointed for any such meeting, the meeting shall, if convened at the request of Holders of Securities of such series, be dissolved.
In any other case the meeting may be adjourned for a period of not less than 10 days as determined by the chairman of the meeting prior
to the adjournment of such meeting. In the absence of a quorum at any such adjourned meeting, such adjourned meeting may be further adjourned
for a period of not less than 10 days as determined by the chairman of the meeting prior to the adjournment of such adjourned meeting.
Notice of the reconvening of any adjourned meeting shall be given as provided in Section 1502(1), except that such notice need be given
only once not less than five days prior to the date on which the meeting is scheduled to be reconvened. Notice of the reconvening of an
adjourned meeting shall state expressly the percentage, as provided above, of the principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such
series which shall constitute a quorum.

69

Except as limited
by the proviso to Section 902, any resolution presented to a meeting or adjourned meeting duly reconvened at which a quorum is present
as aforesaid may be adopted only by the affirmative vote of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities
of that series; provided, however, that, except as limited by the proviso to Section 902, any resolution with respect to any request,
demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act which this Indenture expressly provides may be made, given or taken
by the Holders of a supermajority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of a series may be adopted at a meeting
or an adjourned meeting duly convened and at which a quorum is present as aforesaid only by the affirmative vote of the Holders of the
specified supermajority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of that series; and provided, further, that,
except as limited by the proviso to Section 902, any resolution with respect to any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice,
consent, waiver or other Act which this Indenture expressly provides may be made, given or taken by the Holders of a specified percentage,
which is less than a majority, in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of a series may be adopted at a meeting or an adjourned
meeting duly reconvened and at which a quorum is present as aforesaid by the affirmative vote of the Holders of such lesser specified
percentage in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series.

Any resolution
passed or decision taken at any meeting of Holders of Securities of any series duly held in accordance with this Section shall be binding
on all the Holders of Securities of such series, whether or not such Holders were present or represented at the meeting.

Section 1505. Determination of Voting Rights; Conduct and
Adjournment of Meetings.

(1) Notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Indenture, the Trustee may make such reasonable regulations as it may deem advisable for any meeting of Holders
of Securities of such series in regard to proof of the holding of Securities of such series and of the appointment of proxies and in regard
to the appointment and duties of inspectors of votes, the submission and examination of proxies, certificates and other evidence of the
right to vote, and such other matters concerning the conduct of the meeting as it shall deem appropriate. Except as otherwise permitted
or required by any such regulations, the holding of Securities shall be proved in the manner specified in Section 104 and the appointment
of any proxy shall be proved in the manner specified in Section 104. Such regulations may provide that written instruments appointing
proxies, regular on their face, may be presumed valid and genuine without the proof specified in Section 104 or other proof.

(2) The
Trustee shall, by an instrument in writing, appoint a temporary chairman of the meeting, unless the meeting shall have been called by
the Company or by Holders of Securities as provided in Section 1502(2), in which case the Company or the Holders of Securities of the
series calling the meeting, as the case may be, shall in like manner appoint a temporary chairman. A permanent chairman and a permanent
secretary of the meeting shall be elected by vote of the Persons entitled to vote a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities
of such series represented at the meeting.

70

(3) At any
meeting, each Holder of a Security of such series or proxy shall be entitled to one vote for each $1,000 principal amount of
Securities of such series held or represented by him; provided, however, that no vote shall be cast or counted at any meeting
in respect of any Security challenged as not Outstanding and ruled by the chairman of the meeting to be not Outstanding. If the
Securities of such series are issuable in minimum denominations of less than $1,000, then a Holder of such a Security in a principal
amount of less than $1,000 shall be entitled to a fraction of one vote which is equal to the fraction that the principal amount of
such Security bears to $1,000. The chairman of the meeting shall have no right to vote, except as a Holder of a Security of such
series or proxy.

(4) Any
meeting of Holders of Securities of any series duly called pursuant to Section 1502 at which a quorum is present may be adjourned from
time to time by Persons entitled to vote a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series represented at the
meeting; and the meeting may be held as so adjourned without further notice.

Section 1506. Counting Votes and Recording Action of Meetings.

The vote upon
any resolution submitted to any meeting of Holders of Securities of any series shall be by written ballots on which shall be subscribed
the signatures of the Holders of Securities of such series or of their representatives by proxy and the principal amounts and serial numbers
of the Outstanding Securities of such series held or represented by them. The permanent chairman of the meeting shall appoint two inspectors
of votes who shall count all votes cast at the meeting for or against any resolution and who shall make and file with the secretary of
the meeting their verified written reports in triplicate of all votes cast at the meeting. A record, at least in triplicate, of the proceedings
of each meeting of Holders of Securities of any series shall be prepared by the secretary of the meeting and there shall be attached to
said record the original reports of the inspectors of votes on any vote by ballot taken thereat and affidavits by one or more persons
having knowledge of the facts setting forth a copy of the notice of the meeting and showing that said notice was given as provided in
Section 1502 and, if applicable, Section 1504. Each copy shall be signed and verified by the affidavits of the permanent chairman and
secretary of the meeting and one such copy shall be delivered to the Company, and another to the Trustee to be preserved by the Trustee,
the latter to have attached thereto the ballots voted at the meeting. Any record so signed and verified shall be conclusive evidence of
the matters therein stated.

71

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Indenture to be duly executed all as of the day and year first above written.

BGC GROUP, INC.,

as Issuer

/s/ Jason W. Hauf

Name: Jason W. Hauf

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to the
Indenture between BGC Group, Inc. and The Huntington National Bank]

THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK,

as Trustee

/s/ Patrick O'Donnell

Name: Patrick O'Donnell 

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to the Indenture between BGC Group, Inc. and The Huntington National Bank]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023650101ex4-2_bgc.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, DATED AS OF APRIL 2, 2025, BETWEEN BGC GROUP, INC. AND THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK, AS TRUSTEE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

Dated as of April 2, 2025

Supplementing that Certain

INDENTURE

Dated as of April 2, 2025

Among

BGC GROUP, INC., as Issuer

and

THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK, as Trustee

6.150% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2030

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I. 

DEFINITIONS 

SECTION 1.1. Certain Terms Defined in the Indenture. 1

SECTION 1.2. Definitions. 2

ARTICLE II. 

FORM AND TERMS OF THE NOTES 

SECTION 2.1. Form and Dating. 5

SECTION 2.2. Certain Terms of the Notes. 10

SECTION 2.3. Optional Redemption. 11

SECTION 2.4. Offer to Repurchase Upon a Change of Control Triggering Event. 13

SECTION 2.5. Limitation on Liens on Capital Stock of Designated Subsidiaries. 14

SECTION 2.6. Use of Net Proceeds. 14

SECTION 2.7. Interest Rate Adjustments Based on Ratings Events. 14

SECTION 2.8. Reports to Holders. 16

SECTION 2.9. Events of Default. 16

ARTICLE III. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION 3.1. Relationship with Indenture. 16

SECTION 3.2. References to Interest. 16

SECTION 3.3. Trust Indenture Act Controls. 17

SECTION 3.4. Governing Law. 17

SECTION 3.5. Multiple Counterparts. 17

SECTION 3.6. Severability. 18

SECTION 3.7. Ratification. 18

SECTION 3.8. Headings. 18

SECTION 3.9. Effectiveness. 18

SECTION 3.10. Concerning the Trustee. 18

i

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

This First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of
April 2, 2025 (this First Supplemental Indenture), by and between BGC GROUP, INC., a corporation duly organized and
existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company), having its principal executive office located at
499 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10022; and THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK, a duly organized and existing national banking association
under the laws of the United States, as trustee (the Trustee), supplements that certain Indenture, dated as of April
2, 2025, by and between the Company and the Trustee (the Indenture).

RECITALS OF THE COMPANY

WHEREAS, the Company has duly authorized the execution
and delivery of the Indenture to provide for the issuance from time to time of its debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness
to be issued in one or more series as provided for in the Indenture;

WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that the Securities
of a series shall be in the form and shall have such terms and provisions as may be established by or pursuant to a Board Resolution and
set forth in an Officers Certificate or as may be established in one or more supplemental indentures thereto;

WHEREAS, the Company has determined to issue a
series of senior Securities under the Indenture designated as the Companys 6.150% Senior Notes due 2030 (hereinafter
called the Notes) pursuant to the terms of this First Supplemental Indenture and substantially in the form as herein
set forth, with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as are required or permitted by the Indenture
and this First Supplemental Indenture; and

WHEREAS, the Company, by action duly taken, has
authorized the execution of this Supplemental Indenture and the issuance of the Notes;

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE
WITNESSETH:

For and in consideration of the premises stated
herein and the purchase of the Notes by the Holders thereof, the parties hereto hereby enter into this First Supplemental Indenture, for
the equal and proportionate benefit of all Holders of the Notes, as follows:

Article
I.

DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.1. Certain Terms Defined in the
Indenture.

For purposes of this First Supplemental Indenture
and the Notes, all capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture, as amended
and supplemented hereby (and in the case of the term Indebtedness, with respect to the Notes, the definition set forth below
shall supersede and replace the definition set forth in the Indenture).

1

SECTION 1.2. Definitions.

For the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, Section 101
of the Indenture shall be amended by adding or substituting, as applicable, the following new definitions:

Below Investment Grade Rating Event
means the Notes cease to be rated at or above an Investment Grade Rating by both Rating Agencies on any date during the period (the Trigger
Period) commencing 60 days prior to the first public announcement by the Company of any Change of Control (or pending Change
of Control) and ending 60 days following consummation of such Change of Control (which Trigger Period will be extended following consummation
of a Change of Control for so long as either of the Rating Agencies has publicly announced that it is considering a possible ratings change).
If a Rating Agency is not providing a rating for the Notes at the commencement of any Trigger Period, the Notes will be deemed to have
ceased to be rated an Investment Grade Rating by such Rating Agency during that Trigger Period.

Change of Control means the
occurrence of any of the following:

(1) a
person or group within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act other than the Company, its subsidiaries
and their respective employee benefit plans and any Permitted Holder, has become the direct or indirect beneficial owner,
as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, of the Companys capital stock representing, in the aggregate, more than 50% of
the voting power of all classes of such capital stock; or

(2) a
liquidation or dissolution of the Company or the stockholders of the Company approve any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution
of the Company; or

(3) any
conveyance, transfer, sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Company to another
Person, other than:

(A) any
transaction:

(i) that
does not result in any reclassification, conversion, exchange or cancellation of the outstanding equity interests of the Company; or

(ii) pursuant
to which holders of the outstanding equity interests of the Company, immediately prior to the transaction, have the entitlement to exercise,
directly or indirectly, 50% or more of the total voting power of all equity interests entitled to vote generally in elections of directors
or managers of the continuing or surviving or successor entity immediately after giving effect to such issuance; or

(B) any
transfer of assets or similar transaction solely for the purpose of changing the Companys jurisdiction of organization and resulting
in a reclassification, conversion or exchange of the outstanding equity interests of the Company, if at all, solely into outstanding equity
interests of the surviving entity or a direct or indirect parent of the surviving entity; or

2

(C) any
conveyance, transfer, sale, lease or other disposition with or into any of the subsidiaries of the Company, so long as such conveyance,
transfer, sale, lease or other disposition is not part of a plan or a series of transactions designed to or having the effect of merging
or consolidating with, or conveying, transferring, selling, leasing or disposing all or substantially all its properties and assets to,
any other Person.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Change of Control will be deemed
to have occurred in the event any successor issuer of the Notes shall be a corporation so long as one or more Permitted Holders shall
maintain the beneficial ownership of shares of the capital stock of such successor possessing the voting power under normal circumstances
to elect, or one or more Permitted Holders shall have the contractual right to elect, a majority of the directors of such successor corporation.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed to result in a Change of Control if (a) Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P. becomes
a wholly owned subsidiary of a holding company and (b) the holders of the voting capital stock of such holding company immediately following
that transaction are substantially the same as the holders of Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P.s voting partnership interests immediately
prior to that transaction.

Change of Control Triggering Event
means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Below Investment Grade Rating Event.

Designated Subsidiary means
each of (i) BGC Holdings Merger Sub, LLC, (ii) BGC Partners, Inc., (iii) BGC Global Holdings, L.P., (iv) BGC Partners, L.P. and (v) any
other direct or indirect subsidiary now owned or hereafter acquired by the Company for which (a) the Net Assets of such subsidiary constitute,
as of the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter, 5% or more of the Total Stockholders Equity of the Company or (b)
the net revenues of such subsidiary constitute, as of the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter, 10% or more of the consolidated
net revenues of the Company during the most recently ended period of four consecutive fiscal quarters; provided, however,
that none of the following shall be a Designated Subsidiary:

(1) any
Person in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries does not own sufficient equity or voting interests to elect a majority of the directors
(or persons performing similar functions);

(2) any
Person whose financial results would not be consolidated with the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP;

(3) any
Person which is a subsidiary of a Company subsidiary the common equity of which is registered under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the
Exchange Act; and

(4) any
subsidiary of any Person described in clauses (1), (2) or (3) above.

Downgrade Event shall have
the meaning ascribed to in Section 2.7(b) below.

Fitch means Fitch Ratings.

3

GAAP means accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.

Global Notes means, individually
and collectively, each of the Notes in the form of global Securities (including any Rule 144A Security or Regulation S Security) registered
in the name of the Depositary or its nominee, substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Indebtedness means, without
duplication and solely for the purposes of Section 2.5 herein, with respect to any Person, whether or not contingent:

(1) the
principal of and any premium and interest on (a) indebtedness of such Person for money borrowed or (b) indebtedness evidenced by notes,
debentures, bonds or other similar instruments for the payment of which such Person is responsible or liable;

(2) all
capitalized lease obligations of such Person;

(3) all
obligations of such Person incurred or assumed as the deferred purchased price of property, all conditional sale obligations and all obligations
under any title retention agreement (but excluding trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business);

(4) all
obligations of such Person for the reimbursement of any obligor on any bankers acceptance, bank guarantees, surety bonds or similar
credit transaction; and

(5) any
amendments, modifications, refundings, renewals or extensions of any indebtedness or obligation described as Indebtedness
in clauses (1) through (4) above;

if and to the extent any of the preceding items (other than letters
of credit) would appear as a liability upon a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP; provided, however,
the term Indebtedness includes all of the following items, whether or not any such items would appear as a liability on
a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP:

(i) all
Indebtedness of others secured by any mortgage, pledge, lien, security interest or other encumbrance on any property or asset of such
Person (whether or not such Indebtedness is assumed by such Person);

(ii) to
the extent not otherwise included, any guarantee by such Person of Indebtedness of any other Person; and

(iii) preferred
stock or other equity interests providing for mandatory redemption or sinking fund or similar payments issued by any subsidiary of such
Person.

Investment Grade Rating means
a rating equal to or higher than BBB- (or the equivalent) by Fitch and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P.

4

Net Assets means, with respect
to any Person, the excess (if positive) of (a) such Persons consolidated assets over (b) such Persons consolidated liabilities,
in each case determined in accordance with GAAP.

Permitted Holder means Howard
W. Lutnick, any Person controlled by him or any trust established for Mr. Lutnicks benefit or for the benefit of his spouse, any
of his descendants or any of his relatives, in each case, so long as he is alive and, upon his death or incapacity, any person who shall,
as a result of Mr. Lutnicks death or incapacity, become a beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange
Act) of the Companys capital stock by operation of a trust, by will or the laws of descent and distribution or by operation of
law.

Rating Agencies means (1)
each of Fitch and S&P; and (2) if either of Fitch or S&P ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly
available for reasons outside of the Companys control, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within
the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act, selected by the Company (as certified by a Board Resolution) as a replacement
agency for Fitch or S&P, or both of them, as the case may be.

Regulation S Security means
any Security sold pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act.

Rule 144A Security means any
Security sold pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act.

S&P means S&P Global
Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc.

Total Stockholders Equity
means, at any date of determination, without duplication, all items which, in conformity with GAAP, would be included under total stockholders
equity on a consolidated statement of financial condition of the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, Total Stockholders Equity
is inclusive of noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries on the Companys consolidated statement of financial condition.

Article
II.

FORM AND TERMS OF THE NOTES

SECTION 2.1. Form and Dating.

The Notes and the Trustees certificate of
authentication shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto. The Notes shall be executed on behalf of the Company
by an officer of the Company as specified in Section 303 of the Indenture. The Notes may have notations, legends or endorsements
required by law, stock exchange rules or usage. Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication. The Notes and any beneficial
interest in the Notes shall be in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.

The terms and notations contained in the Notes
shall constitute, and are hereby expressly made, a part of the Indenture as supplemented by this First Supplemental Indenture; and the
Company and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this First Supplemental Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions
and to be bound thereby; provided that, to the extent of any inconsistency between the terms and provisions in the Indenture, as
supplemented by this First Supplemental Indenture, and those contained in the Notes, the Indenture, as supplemented by this First Supplemental
Indenture, shall govern.

5

(a) Global
Notes. The Notes designated herein shall be issued initially in the form of one or more fully-registered permanent global Securities,
which shall be held by the Trustee as custodian for The Depository Trust Company, New York, New York (the Depositary),
and registered in the name of Cede & Co., the Depositarys nominee, duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee
as hereinafter provided. The aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments
made on the records of the Trustee and the Depositary or its nominee as hereinafter provided.

Unless and until the Global Notes are exchanged
in whole or in part for the individual Notes represented thereby pursuant to Section 305 of the Indenture, such Global Notes may
not be transferred except as a whole by the Depositary to its nominee or by its nominee to the Depositary or another nominee of the Depositary
or by the Depositary or any of its nominees to a successor depositary or any nominee of such successor depositary. Upon the occurrence
of the events specified in Section 305 of the Indenture in relation thereto, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall, upon
receipt of a Company Order for authentication, authenticate and deliver, Notes in definitive form in an aggregate principal amount equal
to the principal amount of the Global Notes in exchange for such Global Note.

(b) Book-Entry
Provisions. This Section 2.1(b) shall apply only to the Global Notes deposited with or on behalf of the Depositary.

The Company shall execute and the Trustee shall,
in accordance with this Section 2.1(b), authenticate and deliver the Global Notes that shall be registered in the name of the Depositary
or the nominee of the Depositary and shall be held by the Trustee as custodian for the Depositary.

Participants of the Depositary shall have no rights
either under the Indenture or with respect to any Global Notes. The Depositary shall be treated by the Company, the Trustee and any agent
of the Company or the Trustee as the absolute owner of such Global Note for all purposes under the Indenture. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
nothing herein shall prevent the Company or the Trustee from giving effect to any written certification, proxy or other authorization
furnished by the Depositary or impair, as between the Depositary and its participants, the operation of customary practices of such Depositary
governing the exercise of the rights of an owner of a beneficial interest in the Global Notes.

(c) Definitive
Notes. Definitive Notes issued in physical, certificated form, registered in the name of the beneficial owner thereof, shall be substantially
in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto, but without including the text referred to therein as applying only to Global Notes.
Except as provided above in subsection (a), owners of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not be entitled to receive physical
delivery of certificated Notes.

6

(d) Transfer
and Exchange of the Notes. The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in the Global Notes shall be effected through the Depositary,
in accordance with the Indenture and the procedures of the Depositary therefor. Beneficial interests in the Global Notes may be transferred
to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in the Global Notes.

(e) Paying
Agent and Registrar. The Company appoints the Trustee as the initial Paying Agent of the Company for the payment of the principal
of (and premium, if any) and interest on and any Additional Amounts with respect to the Notes, and the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee
shall be, and hereby is, designated as the office or agency where the Notes may be presented for payment and where notices to or demands
upon the Company in respect of the Notes and this First Supplemental Indenture and the Indenture pursuant to which the Notes are to be
issued may be made. The Company appoints the Trustee as the initial Security Registrar with respect to the Notes.

(f) Rule
144A Securities. Except as permitted by the following paragraph, any Security that is a Rule 144A Security (including any Rule 144A
Securities represented in whole or in part by a global Securities) shall bear a legend in substantially the following form:

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER:

(1) REPRESENTS
THAT IT AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT IT EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH ACCOUNT, AND

(2) AGREES
FOR THE BENEFIT OF BGC GROUP, INC. (THE COMPANY) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY
OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THE LATER OF (X) ONE YEAR AFTER THE LAST ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF OR SUCH
SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION THERETO AND (Y) SUCH LATER DATE, IF
ANY, AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT:

(A) TO
THE COMPANY OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, OR

(B) PURSUANT
TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

7

(C) TO
A NON-U.S. PERSON (WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S) ACQUIRING THIS SECURITY IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION PURSUANT TO REGULATION S;

(D) TO
A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

(E) PURSUANT
TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH
(2)(E) ABOVE, THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE
AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

Upon any sale or other transfer of a Rule 144A Security
(including any Rule 144A Securities represented in whole or in part by a Global Note) after the one-year period referred to in the legend
above or satisfying the conditions set forth in clause (B), (i) in the case of any definitive Rule 144A Security, the Security Registrar
for such Security shall permit the Holder thereof to exchange such restricted Security for a definitive Security that does not bear the
legend set forth above and rescind any restriction on the transfer of such Security and (ii) any such restricted Securities in whole or
in part represented by a global Security shall not be subject to any restriction on transfer set forth above.

(ii) Regulation
S Securities. Except as permitted by the following paragraph, any Security that is a Regulation S Security (including any Regulation
S Securities represented in whole or in part by a global Securities) shall bear a legend in substantially the following form:

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER:

(1) REPRESENTS
THAT IT IS A NON-U.S. PERSON (WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S) ACQUIRING THIS SECURITY IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION PURSUANT TO REGULATION
S, AND

8

(2) AGREES
FOR THE BENEFIT OF BGC GROUP, INC. (THE COMPANY) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY
OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF FORTY DAYS FROM THE LATER OF (1) THE DATE ON WHICH THIS SECURITY WAS FIRST
OFFERED AND (2) THE DATE OF ISSUANCE OF THIS SECURITY, EXCEPT:

(A) TO
THE COMPANY OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, OR

(B) PURSUANT
TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

(C) TO
A NON-U.S. PERSON (WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S) ACQUIRING THIS SECURITY IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION PURSUANT TO REGULATION S, OR

(D) TO
A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

(E) PURSUANT
TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH
(2)(E) ABOVE, THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE
AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

Upon any sale or other transfer of a Regulation S
Security (including any Regulation S Securities represented in whole or in part by a Global Note) after the period referred to in the
legend above or satisfying the conditions set forth in clause (B), (i) in the case of any definitive Regulation S Security, the Security
Registrar for such Security shall permit the Holder thereof to exchange such restricted Security for a definitive Security that does not
bear the legend set forth above and rescind any restriction on the transfer of such Security and (ii) any such restricted Securities in
whole or in part represented by a global Security shall not be subject to any restriction on transfer set forth above.

9

SECTION 2.2. Certain Terms of the Notes.

The following terms relating to the Notes are hereby
established:

(a) Title.
The Notes shall constitute a series of senior Securities having the title 6.150% Senior Notes due 2030.

(b) Principal
Amount. The aggregate principal amount of the Notes that may be initially authenticated and delivered under the Indenture (except
for Notes authenticated and delivered upon registration of, transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other Notes pursuant to Sections
304, 305, 306, 905 or 1107 of the Indenture) shall be SEVEN HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS ($700,000,000). The Company may, from time to time,
without notice to, or the consent of, the Holders of the Notes, issue and sell additional Securities (Additional Securities)
ranking equally and ratably with the Notes in all respects (other than the issue date, and to the extent applicable, issue price, initial
date of interest accrual and initial Interest Payment Date of such Additional Securities), provided that such Additional Securities
are fungible with the previously issued Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Any such Additional Securities shall be consolidated
and form a single series with the Notes for all purposes under the Indenture, including voting.

(c) Maturity
Date. The entire outstanding principal of the Notes shall be payable on April 2, 2030 (the Maturity Date).

(d) Interest
Rate. Subject to any adjustment pursuant to Section 2.7 below, the rate at which the Notes shall bear interest shall be
6.150% per annum, computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months; the date from which interest shall accrue
on the Notes shall be April 2, 2025, or the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for; the
Interest Payment Dates for the Notes shall be the 2nd day of April and October of each year, commencing on October 2, 2025; the interest
so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date, will be paid, in immediately available funds, to the
Persons in whose names the Notes (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record
Date for such interest, which shall be the 18th day of March and the 17th day of September (whether or not a Business Day), as the case
may be, next preceding such Interest Payment Date. Any such interest not punctually paid or duly provided for shall forthwith cease to
be payable to the respective Holders on such Regular Record Date, and such defaulted interest may be paid to the Persons in whose names
the Notes (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such
defaulted interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice whereof shall be given to Holders of Notes not less than 10 days prior to such Special
Record Date, or may be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with requirements of any securities exchange on which
the Notes may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in said Indenture. Payment
of principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on, the Notes will be made at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee or such other
office or agency of the Company as may be designated for such purpose, in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at
the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that each installment of
interest, premium, if any, and principal on the Notes may at the Companys option be paid in immediately available funds by wire
transfer to an account maintained by the payee located in the United States.

10

(e) Currency.
The currency of denomination of the Notes is United States dollars. Payment of principal of and interest on the Notes will be made in
United States dollars.

SECTION 2.3. Optional Redemption.

(a) Applicability
of Article Eleven. The provisions of Article Eleven of the Indenture shall apply to the Notes, as supplemented by Sections 2.3(b)
and (c) below.

(b) Redemption
Price. At any time prior to March 2, 2030 (the Par Call Date), the Company will be entitled at its option to
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal
places) equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed or (ii) (a) the sum of the present
values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal of the Notes to be redeemed and interest thereon discounted to the Redemption
Date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months)
at the Treasury Rate plus 35 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the Redemption Date, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest
thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date.

On and after the Par Call Date, the Company will
be entitled at its option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the aggregate principal amount
of the Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date.

For purposes of the foregoing:

Treasury Rate means, with respect
to any Redemption Date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs.

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company
after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent
day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15)
under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption
or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable:

(1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity
on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or

(2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity
on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15
immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life
and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding
the result to three decimal places; or

11

(3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity
on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining
Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity
date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the Redemption Date.

If on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption
Date H.15 TCM is no longer published, or, if published, no longer contains the yields for nominal Treasury constant maturities, the Company
shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New
York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such Redemption Date as follows:

(1) the Company shall select (a) the United States
Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date, subject to clause (3) below, or (b) if there is no United States Treasury security
maturing on the Par Call Date, then the United States Treasury security with the maturity date that is closest to the Par Call Date, subject
to clauses (2) and (3) below, as applicable; or

(2) if there is no United States Treasury security
described in clause (1), but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with maturity dates equally distant from the
Par Call Date, one or more with maturity dates preceding the Par Call Date and one or more with maturity dates following the Par Call
Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding and closest to the Par Call Date, subject
to clause (3) below; or

(3) if there are two or more United States Treasury
securities meeting the criteria of the preceding clauses (1) or (2), the Company shall select from among these two or more United
States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked
prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with
the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the
average of the bid and asked prices of such United States Treasury security (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded
to three decimal places) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time.

The Companys actions and determinations in
determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. The Trustee shall have no obligation
to determine or verify the determination of the redemption price.

(c) Interest
Payable. On and after any Redemption Date for the Notes, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or any portion thereof called
for redemption, unless the Company defaults in the payment of the redemption price.

12

(d) Conditions
Precedent. Any redemption notice given in respect of a redemption made pursuant to this Section 2.3 may be subject to the satisfaction
of one or more conditions precedent set forth in the notice.

SECTION 2.4. Offer to Repurchase Upon a Change
of Control Triggering Event.

If a Change of Control Triggering Event occurs,
unless the Company has exercised its right to redeem the Notes as described above, holders of the Notes will have the right to require
the Company to repurchase all or any part (in integral multiples of $2,000 original principal amount and $1,000 in excess thereof) of
their Notes pursuant to the offer described below (the Change of Control Offer). In the Change of Control Offer,
the Company will be required to offer payment in cash equal to 101% of the then-outstanding aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased
plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes repurchased, to, but not including, the date of purchase (the Change
of Control Payment). Within 30 days following any Change of Control Triggering Event, the Company will be required to mail
a notice to holders of the Notes (with a copy to the Trustee) describing the transaction or transactions that constitute the Change of
Control Triggering Event and offering to repurchase the Notes on the date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier than
30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed (the Change of Control Payment Date), pursuant
to the procedures described herein and in such notice. The Company must comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange
Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with
the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws
or regulations conflict with the Change of Control provisions herein, the Company will be required to comply with the applicable securities
laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control provisions herein by virtue of
such conflicts.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company will
not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event if a third party makes such
an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for a Change of Control Offer made by the Company
and the third party repurchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer. In addition, the Company will not repurchase
any Notes if there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an event of default under the Indenture, other
than a default in the payment of the Change of Control Payment upon a Change of Control Triggering Event.

On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Company
will be required, to the extent lawful, to (i) accept for payment all Notes or portions thereof properly tendered pursuant to the Change
of Control Offer; (ii) deposit with the Trustee, acting as paying agent, an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of
all Notes or portions thereof Notes properly tendered; and (iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted
together with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being purchased.

13

SECTION 2.5. Limitation on Liens on Capital
Stock of Designated Subsidiaries.

The Company covenants and agrees for the benefit
of the Holders of the Notes that, for so long as any of the Notes are Outstanding, the Company will not, and the Company will not permit
any Designated Subsidiary to, create, assume, incur, guarantee or otherwise permit to exist any Indebtedness secured by any mortgage,
pledge, lien, security interest or other encumbrance (a Lien) upon any shares of Capital Stock of any Designated
Subsidiary directly or indirectly held by the Company (whether such Capital Stock are now owned or hereafter acquired) without effectively
providing concurrently that the Notes (and, if the Company so elects, any other Indebtedness of the Company that is not subordinate to
the Notes and with respect to which the governing instruments of such Indebtedness require the Company, or pursuant to which the Company
is otherwise obligated, to provide such security) will be secured equally and ratably with, or prior to, such Indebtedness for at least
the time period such other Indebtedness is so secured. This covenant shall not apply to Liens on the Capital Stock of any Person existing
at the time it becomes a Designated Subsidiary (and any extensions, renewals or replacements thereof).

SECTION
2.6. Use of Net Proceeds.

(a) The
Company covenants and agrees for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes that an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the offering
of the Notes (after deducting the initial purchasers discount and expenses payable by the Company in connection with the offering
of the Notes) to lend to its subsidiaries pursuant to one or more promissory notes. So long as any of the Notes are Outstanding, (1) the
aggregate principal amount of all such promissory notes shall not be less than the amount of the net proceeds from the offering of the
Notes (or, if less, the aggregate principal amount of Notes then Outstanding), (2) such promissory notes shall bear interest at rates
that shall not be less than that borne by the Notes and (3) such promissory notes shall have terms not later than the Maturity Date; provided
that any transfer of such obligation from one subsidiary to another or any refinancing of any such obligation by another subsidiary shall
be permitted from time to time.

(b) The
Company covenants and agrees that so long as any of the Notes are Outstanding, any Indebtedness for borrowed money the Company incurs
after the date hereof in one transaction, or in a series of related transactions, that is in excess of $50,000,000.00 will be subject
to a similar covenant.

SECTION 2.7. Interest Rate Adjustments Based
on Ratings Events.

(a) The
interest rate payable on the Notes will be subject to adjustments from time to time if each of the Rating Agencies (as defined above)
downgrades (or subsequently upgrades) the debt rating assigned to the Notes, in the manner described below.

(b) If
the rating from each of the Rating Agencies of the Notes is downgraded to a rating set forth in the immediately following table (a Downgrade
Event), the interest rate on the Notes will increase such that it will equal the interest rate payable on the Notes on the
date of the initial issuance of Notes plus the percentage set forth opposite the applicable rating from the table below:

Debt Rating (each Rating Agency) Percentage 

BBB- or higher - 

BB+ 0.50 %

BB or lower 1.00 %

14

For the avoidance of doubt, any increase in the
interest payable on the Notes shall require a decrease in the rating of the Notes by each of the Rating Agencies to the relevant threshold
ratings set forth above.

(c) If,
subsequent to a Downgrade Event, either Rating Agency upgrades its respective rating of the Notes to any of the threshold ratings set
forth above, the interest rate on the Notes will be decreased such that the interest rate for the Notes equals the interest rate payable
on the Notes on the date of the initial issuance of the Notes plus the percentage set forth opposite the applicable rating from the table
above. For the avoidance of doubt, any decrease in the interest payable on the Notes shall require an upgrade in the rating of the Notes
by only one of the Rating Agencies to the relevant threshold ratings set forth above.

(d) For
so long as (i) only one of the Rating Agencies provides a rating of the Notes or (ii) the Notes are not rated by either of the Rating
Agencies, the interest rate on the Notes will increase such that it will equal the interest rate payable on the Notes on the date of the
initial issuance of the Notes plus 1.00% per annum.

(e) Any
interest rate increase or decrease described above will take effect from the first day of the interest period during which a rating change
requires an adjustment in the interest rate. If either Rating Agency changes its rating of the Notes more than once during any particular
interest period, the last change by such Rating Agency will control for purposes of any interest rate increase or decrease with respect
to the Notes described above relating to such Rating Agencys action.

(f) The
Company will promptly communicate an increase or decrease in the interest rate applicable to the Notes pursuant to this Section 2.7
to the Trustee in the form of an Officers Certificate that will include the new interest rate and the effective date of such interest
rate increase or decrease. The Trustee shall not be responsible for monitoring the Companys rating status, making any request upon
any Rating Agency, or determining whether any rating event has occurred.

(g) The
term interest, as used in the Indenture with respect to the Notes, shall be deemed to include any such additional interest
applicable pursuant to this Section 2.7, unless the context otherwise requires.

15

SECTION 2.8. Reports to Holders.

The Company covenants and agrees for the benefit
of the Holders of the Notes that, for so long as any of the Notes are Outstanding, during any period in which the Company is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Company will (i) make available to all Holders of Notes
(including by posting on the Companys website), without cost to such Holders, copies of annual reports and quarterly reports containing
information that is substantially similar to the information that is required to be contained in such reports that the Company would have
been required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act if it were subject thereto (other than
exhibits or any information that would have been required by Items 402 and 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act) and (ii) promptly,
upon request, supply copies of such reports to any prospective Holder of Notes. The Company will make available such information to the
Holders of Notes within 15 days after the respective dates by which a periodic report on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q, as the case may be, in
respect of such information would have been required to be filed with the Commission if the Company were subject to Section 13 or
15(d) of the Exchange Act as a non-accelerated filer, as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act.

SECTION 2.9. Events of Default.

Section 501(3) of the Indenture shall not
be applicable to the Notes.

The following additional Event of Default shall
be applicable to the Notes pursuant to Section 501(7):

A default by the Company in the payment
in respect of any Indebtedness for borrowed money, including obligations evidenced by any mortgage, indenture, bond, debenture, note,
guarantee or similar instrument, in an aggregate principal amount of at least $100 million, beyond any applicable grace period, or default
in the performance or compliance with any term respecting such debt, if as a consequence such debt becomes due and payable before its
date of maturity, and such default shall not have been rescinded or annulled or such Indebtedness shall not have been discharged and such
default continues for period of thirty consecutive days after written notice to the Company by the Trustee or the Holders of not less
than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes.

Article
III.

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 3.1. Relationship with Indenture.

The terms and provisions contained in the Indenture
will constitute, and are hereby expressly made, a part of this First Supplemental Indenture. However, to the extent any provision of the
Indenture conflicts with the express provisions of this First Supplemental Indenture, the provisions of this First Supplemental Indenture
will govern and be controlling.

SECTION 3.2. References to Interest.

Any reference to interest on, or in respect of,
the Notes in the Indenture shall be deemed to include any interest payable to Holders of the Notes pursuant to the terms of that certain
Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 2, 2025, among the Company and the several initial purchasers party thereto.

16

SECTION 3.3. Trust Indenture Act Controls.

If any provision of this First Supplemental Indenture
limits, qualifies or conflicts with another provision which is required to be included in this First Supplemental Indenture by the Trust
Indenture Act, the required provision shall control. If any provision of this First Supplemental Indenture modifies or excludes any provision
of the Trust Indenture Act which may be so modified or excluded, the latter provision shall be deemed to apply to this First Supplemental
Indenture as so modified or to be excluded, as the case may be.

SECTION 3.4. Governing Law.

This First Supplemental Indenture and the Notes
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to conflicts of law principles
of such State other than New York General Obligations Law Section 5-1401 and Section 5-1402.

SECTION 3.5. Multiple Counterparts.

The parties may sign multiple counterparts of this
First Supplemental Indenture. Each signed counterpart shall be deemed an original, but all of them together represent one and the same
First Supplemental Indenture. The exchange of copies of this First Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission
shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this First Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu
of the original First Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall
be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. This First Supplemental Indenture shall be valid, binding, and enforceable
against a party when executed and delivered by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) an original manual signature;
(ii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or (iii) any other electronic signature permitted by the federal Electronic Signatures
in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or any other relevant electronic
signatures law, including any relevant provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code (collectively, Signature Law), in
each case to the extent applicable. Each faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, shall for all
purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall
be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature,
or other electronic signature, of any other party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity
thereof. This First Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original,
but such counterparts shall, together, constitute one and the same instrument. For the avoidance of doubt, original manual signatures
shall be used for execution or indorsement of writings when required under the Uniform Commercial Code or other Signature Law due to the
character or intended character of the writings.

17

SECTION 3.6. Severability.

Each provision of this First Supplemental Indenture
shall be considered separable and if for any reason any provision which is not essential to the effectuation of the basic purpose of this
First Supplemental Indenture or the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the
remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and a Holder shall have no claim therefor against any party
hereto.

SECTION 3.7. Ratification.

The Indenture, as supplemented and amended by this
First Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed. The Indenture and this First Supplemental Indenture shall be
read, taken and construed as one and the same instrument. All provisions included in this First Supplemental Indenture supersede any conflicting
provisions included in the Indenture unless not permitted by law. The Trustee accepts the trusts created by the Indenture, as supplemented
by this First Supplemental Indenture, and agrees to perform the same upon the terms and conditions of the Indenture, as supplemented by
this First Supplemental Indenture.

SECTION 3.8. Headings.

The Section headings in this First Supplemental
Indenture are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction thereof.

SECTION 3.9. Effectiveness.

The provisions of this First Supplemental Indenture
shall become effective as of the date hereof.

SECTION
3.10. Concerning the Trustee.

In entering into this Supplemental Indenture, the
Trustee shall be entitled to the benefit of every provision of the Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or
affording protection to the Trustee, whether or not elsewhere herein so provided. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity,
execution or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture other than as to the validity of its execution and delivery by the Trustee. The
Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness of the recitals contained herein, which shall be taken as a statement of the Company.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

18

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this First Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

BGC GROUP, INC.

as Issuer

By: /s/ Jason W. Hauf

Name: Jason W. Hauf

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Signature Page to First Supplemental Indenture

THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK,

as Trustee

By: /s/ Patrick O'Donnell 

Name: Patrick O'Donnell

Title: Vice President

Signature Page to First Supplemental Indenture

EXHIBIT A

Form of 6.150% Senior Note due 2030

[Include the following legend on each Note

If a Rule 144A Security:

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH
THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER:

(1) REPRESENTS
THAT IT AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT IT EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH ACCOUNT, AND

(2) AGREES
FOR THE BENEFIT OF BGC GROUP, INC. (THE COMPANY) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY
OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THE LATER OF (X) ONE YEAR AFTER THE LAST ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF OR SUCH
SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION THERETO AND (Y) SUCH LATER DATE, IF
ANY, AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT:

(A) TO THE
COMPANY OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, OR

(B) PURSUANT
TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

(C) TO A
NON-U.S. PERSON (WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S) ACQUIRING THIS SECURITY IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION PURSUANT TO REGULATION S, OR

(D) TO A
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

(E) PURSUANT
TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH (2)(E)
ABOVE, THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE
AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

A-1

If a Regulation S Security:

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH
THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER:

(1) REPRESENTS
THAT IT IS A NON-U.S. PERSON (WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S) ACQUIRING THIS SECURITY IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION PURSUANT TO REGULATION
S, AND

(2) AGREES
FOR THE BENEFIT OF BGC GROUP, INC. (THE COMPANY) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY
OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF FORTY DAYS FROM THE LATER OF (1) THE DATE ON WHICH THIS SECURITY WAS FIRST
OFFERED AND (2) THE DATE OF ISSUANCE OF THIS SECURITY, EXCEPT:

(A) TO THE
COMPANY OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, OR

(B) PURSUANT
TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

(C) TO A
NON-U.S. PERSON (WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S) ACQUIRING THIS SECURITY IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION PURSUANT TO REGULATION S, OR

(D) TO A
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

(E) PURSUANT
TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH (2)(E)
ABOVE, THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE
AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT THE

PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT
AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

If a Global Security:

THIS NOTE IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE
HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY. THIS NOTE IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR
NOTES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITARY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE,
AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY, BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY
OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH A SUCCESSOR
DEPOSITARY.]

A-2

BGC GROUP, INC.

6.150% Senior Note due 2030

[144A][REGULATION
S] 

No. [] PRINCIPAL
AMOUNT: $[]

CUSIP: []

BGC GROUP, INC., a Delaware corporation (herein called
the Company, which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received,
hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of [] ($[]) on April 2, 2030 (the Maturity
Date) (except to the extent redeemed or repaid prior to the Maturity Date) and to pay interest thereon from April 2, 2025 (the
Original Issue Date) or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided
for at the rate of 6.150% per annum, on the 2nd day of April and October (of each year each such date, an Interest Payment Date),
commencing on October 2, 2025, until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment.

Payment of Interest. The interest so payable,
and punctually paid or made available for payment, on any Interest Payment Date, will, as provided in the Indenture, be paid, in immediately
available funds, to the Person in whose name this Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business
on the 18th day of March and the 17th day of September (whether or not a Business Day, as defined in the Indenture referred to herein),
as the case may be, next preceding such Interest Payment Date (the Regular Record Date). Any such interest not punctually
paid or duly provided for (Defaulted Interest) will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record
Date, and such Defaulted Interest may be paid to the Person in whose name this Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered
at the close of business on a special record date (the Special Record Date) for the payment of such Defaulted Interest
to be fixed by the Trustee, notice whereof shall be given to Holders of Notes not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date,
or may be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with requirements of any securities exchange on which the Notes
may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in said Indenture.

Place of Payment. Payment of principal, premium,
if any, and interest on this Note will be made at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee or such other office or agency of the Company
as may be designated for such purpose, in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender
for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that each installment of interest, premium, if any, and principal
on this Note may at the Companys option be paid in immediately available funds by wire transfer to an account maintained by the
payee located in the United States.

Time of Payment. In any case where any Interest
Payment Date, the Maturity Date or any date fixed for redemption of the Notes shall not be a Business Day, then (notwithstanding any other
provision of the Indenture or this Note), payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest, if any, need not be made on such date, but
may be made on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on such Interest Payment Date, the Maturity
Date or the date so fixed for redemption or repayment, as the case may be, and no interest shall accrue in respect of the delay.

A-3

General. This Note is one of a duly authorized
series of Securities of the Company, issued and to be issued in one or more series under an indenture (the Base Indenture),
dated as of April 2, 2025, between the Company and The Huntington National Bank, as trustee (herein called the Trustee,
which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture with respect to the series of which this Note is a part), as supplemented
by a First Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of April 2, 2025 (the First Supplemental Indenture and, together
with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee. Reference is hereby made to the Indenture
for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the
Holders of the Securities, and of the terms upon which the Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered; provided that
to the extent of any inconsistency between the terms and provisions in the Indenture and those contained in this Note, the Indenture shall
govern. This Note is one of a duly authorized series of Securities designated as 6.150% Senior Notes due 2030 (collectively,
the Notes), initially limited in aggregate principal amount to SEVEN HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS ($700,000,000).

Further Issuance. The Company may, from time
to time, without notice to, or the consent of, the Holders of the Notes, issue and sell additional Securities (Additional Securities)
ranking equally and ratably with the Notes in all respects (other than the issue date, and to the extent applicable, issue price, initial
date of interest accrual and initial Interest Payment Date of such Additional Securities), provided that such Additional Securities
are fungible with the previously issued Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Any such Additional Securities shall be consolidated
and form a single series with the Notes for all purposes under the Indenture, including voting.

Events of Default. If an Event of Default
with respect to the Notes shall have occurred and be continuing, the principal of the Notes may be declared due and payable in the manner
and with the effect provided in the Indenture.

Sinking Fund. The Notes are not subject to
any sinking fund.

(a) Optional
Redemption. At any time prior to March 2, 2030 (the Par Call Date), the Company will be entitled at its option
to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal
places) equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed or (ii) (a) the sum of the present
values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal of the Notes to be redeemed and interest thereon discounted to the Redemption
Date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months)
at the Treasury Rate plus 35 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the Redemption Date, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest
thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date.

A-4

On and after the Par Call Date, the Company will
be entitled at its option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the aggregate principal amount
of the Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date.

Any redemption notice given in respect of a redemption
may be subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent set forth in the notice of redemption.

For purposes of the foregoing:

Treasury Rate means, with respect
to any Redemption Date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs.

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company
after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent
day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15)
under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption
or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable:

(1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity
on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or

(2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity
on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15
immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life
and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding
the result to three decimal places; or

(3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity
on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining
Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity
date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the Redemption Date.

If on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption
Date H.15 TCM is no longer published, or, if published, no longer contains the yields for nominal Treasury constant maturities, the Company
shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New
York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such Redemption Date as follows:

(1) the Company shall select (a) the United States
Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date, subject to clause (3) below, or (b) if there is no United States Treasury security
maturing on the Par Call Date, then the United States Treasury security with the maturity date that is closest to the Par Call Date, subject
to clauses (2) and (3) below, as applicable; or

A-5

(2) if there is no United States Treasury security
described in clause (1), but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with maturity dates equally distant from the
Par Call Date, one or more with maturity dates preceding the Par Call Date and one or more with maturity dates following the Par Call
Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding and closest to the Par Call Date, subject
to clause (3) below; or

(3) if there are two or more United States Treasury
securities meeting the criteria of the preceding clauses (1) or (2), the Company shall select from among these two or more United
States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked
prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with
the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the
average of the bid and asked prices of such United States Treasury security (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded
to three decimal places) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time.

The Companys actions and determinations in
determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. The Trustee shall have no obligation
to determine or verify the determination of the redemption price.

Interest Rate Adjustments Based on Ratings Events.

(a) The
interest rate payable on the Notes will be subject to adjustments from time to time if each of the Rating Agencies downgrades (or subsequently
upgrades) the debt rating assigned to the Notes, in the manner described below.

(b) If
the rating from each of the Rating Agencies of the Notes is downgraded to a rating set forth in the immediately following table (a Downgrade
Event), the interest rate on the Notes will increase such that it will equal the interest rate payable on the Notes on the
date of the initial issuance of Notes plus the percentage set forth opposite the applicable rating from the table below:

Debt Rating (each Rating Agency) Percentage 

BBB- or higher - 

BB+ 0.50 %

BB or lower 1.00 %

For the avoidance of doubt, any increase in the
interest payable on the Notes shall require a decrease in the rating of the Notes by each of the Rating Agencies to the relevant threshold
ratings set forth above.

A-6

(c) If,
subsequent to a Downgrade Event, either Rating Agency upgrades its respective rating of the Notes to any of the threshold ratings set
forth above, the interest rate on the Notes will be decreased such that the interest rate for the Notes equals the interest rate payable
on the Notes on the date of the initial issuance of the Notes plus the percentage set forth opposite the applicable rating from the table
above. For the avoidance of doubt, any decrease in the interest payable on the Notes shall require an upgrade in the rating of the Notes
by only one of the Rating Agencies to the relevant threshold ratings set forth above.

(d) For
so long as (i) only one of the Rating Agencies provides a rating of the Notes or (ii) the Notes are not rated by either of the Rating
Agencies, the interest rate on the Notes will increase such that it will equal the interest rate payable on the Notes on the date of the
initial issuance of the Notes plus 1.00% per annum.

(e) Any
interest rate increase or decrease described above will take effect from the first day of the interest period during which a rating change
requires an adjustment in the interest rate. If either Rating Agency changes its rating of the Notes more than once during any particular
interest period, the last change by such Rating Agency will control for purposes of any interest rate increase or decrease with respect
to the Notes described above relating to such Rating Agencys action.

(f) The
Company will promptly communicate an increase or decrease in the interest rate applicable to the Notes pursuant to Section 2.7 of
the First Supplemental Indenture to the Trustee in the form of an Officers Certificate that will include the new interest rate
and the effective date of such interest rate increase or decrease. The Trustee shall not be responsible for monitoring the Companys
rating status, making any request upon any Rating Agency, or determining whether any rating event has occurred.

(g) The
term interest, as used in the Indenture with respect to the Notes, shall be deemed to include any such additional interest
applicable pursuant to Section 2.7 of the First Supplemental Indenture, unless the context otherwise requires.

Offer to Repurchase Upon a Change of Control Triggering
Event. If a Change of Control Triggering Event occurs, unless the Company has exercised its right to redeem the Notes as described
above under Optional Redemption, holders of the Notes will have the right to require the Company to repurchase all or any
part (in integral multiples of $2,000 original principal amount and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof) of their Notes pursuant
to the offer described below (the Change of Control Offer). In the Change of Control Offer, the Company will be required
to offer payment in cash equal to 101% of the then-outstanding aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased plus accrued and unpaid
interest, if any, on the Notes repurchased, to, but not including, the date of purchase (the Change of Control Payment).
Within 30 days following any Change of Control Triggering Event, the Company will be required to mail a notice to holders of the Notes
describing the transaction or transactions that constitute the Change of Control Triggering Event and offering to repurchase the Notes
on the date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is
mailed (the Change of Control Payment Date), pursuant to the procedures described herein and in such notice. The
Company must comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder
to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control
Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control provisions
herein, the Company will be required to comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached
its obligations under the Change of Control provisions herein by virtue of such conflicts.

A-7

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company will not
be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event if a third party makes such
an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for a Change of Control Offer made by the Company
and the third party repurchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer. In addition, the Company will not repurchase
any Notes if there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an event of default under the Indenture, other
than a default in the payment of the Change of Control Payment upon a Change of Control Triggering Event.

On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Company
will be required, to the extent lawful, to (i) accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change
of Control Offer; (ii) deposit with the Trustee, acting as paying agent, an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of
all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered; and (iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted
together with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being purchased.

Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance. The Indenture
contains provisions for defeasance at any time of (a) the entire indebtedness of the Company on this Note and (b) certain restrictive
covenants and the related Events of Default, in each case which provisions shall apply to this Note.

Modification and Waivers; Obligations of the Company
Absolute. The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights
and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Securities. Such amendment may be effected under the Indenture at
any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the
outstanding Notes affected thereby. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate
principal amount of the Securities at the time outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all outstanding Securities, to waive compliance
by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture. Furthermore, provisions in the Indenture permit the Holders of not less than
a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Securities of individual series to waive on behalf of all of the Holders of
Securities of such individual series certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver shall
be conclusive and binding upon the Holder of this Note and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration
of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note.

A-8

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision
of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the
principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on, this Note at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed.

Limitation on Suits. As set forth in, and
subject to, the provisions of the Indenture, no Holder of any Note will have any right to institute any proceeding with respect to the
Indenture or for any remedy thereunder, unless such Holder shall have previously given to the Trustee written notice of a continuing Event
of Default with respect to the Notes, the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes shall have made written
request, and offered indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee to institute such proceedings as trustee, and the Trustee shall
not have received from the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes a direction inconsistent with such request
and shall have failed to institute such proceeding within 60 days; provided, however, that such limitations do not apply
to a suit instituted by the Holder hereof for the enforcement of payment of the principal of or interest on, and any Additional Amounts
with respect to, this Note on or after the respective due dates expressed herein.

Authorized Denominations. The Notes are issuable
only in registered form in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.

Registration of Transfer or Exchange. As provided
in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations herein and therein set forth, the transfer of this Note is registrable in the register
of the Notes maintained by the Registrar upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer, at the office or agency of the Company
in any place where the principal of and interest on this Note are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of
transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Registrar, duly executed by the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in
writing, and thereupon one or more new Notes, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued
to the designated transferee or transferees.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain
limitations herein and therein set forth, the Notes are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Notes of different authorized
denominations, as requested by the Holders surrendering the same.

No service charge shall be made for any such registration
of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable
in connection therewith.

Prior to due presentment of this Note for registration
of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Holder as the owner hereof for all purposes,
whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

A-9

Defined Terms. All terms used in this Note,
which are defined in the Indenture and are not otherwise defined herein, shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

References to Interest. Any reference to interest
on, or in respect of, the Notes in the Indenture shall be deemed to include any interest payable to Holders of the Notes pursuant to the
terms of that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 2, 2025, among the Company and the several initial purchasers party thereto.

Governing Law. The Indenture and the Notes
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to conflicts of law principles
of such State other than New York General Obligations Law Section 5-1401 and Section 5-1402.

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has
been executed by the Trustee by manual signature, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory
for any purpose.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

A-10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly
executed.

Dated: April 2, 2025

BGC GROUP, INC.

By: 

Name: Jason W. Hauf

Title: Chief Financial Officer

A-11

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred
to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK,

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Dated: April 2, 2025

A-12

ASSIGNMENT

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s)
unto

PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF
ASSIGNEE

(Please print or typewrite name and address,

including postal zip code, of assignee)

the within Note and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes
and appoints

to transfer said Note on the books of the Trustee, with full power
of substitution in the premises.

Dated: 

NOTICE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the within Note in every particular,
without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever.

Signature Guarantee 

A-13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023650101ex10-1_bgc.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF APRIL 2, 2025, BETWEEN BGC GROUP, INC. AND THE PARTIES NAMED THEREIN
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT,
dated April 2, 2025 (the Agreement), is entered into by and among BGC Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company)
and BofA Securities, Inc., Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., PNC Capital Markets LLC, Regions Securities LLC, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and
Citizens JMP Securities, LLC as representatives (the Representatives) of the initial purchasers listed in Exhibit A
to the Purchase Agreement (as defined below) (the Initial Purchasers).

The Company and the Representatives
are parties to the Purchase Agreement, dated March 26, 2025 (the Purchase Agreement), which provides for the sale
by the Company to the Initial Purchasers of $700,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 6.150% Senior Notes due 2030
(the Securities). As an inducement to the Initial Purchasers to enter into the Purchase Agreement, the Company has
agreed to provide to the Initial Purchasers and their direct and indirect transferees the registration rights set forth in this Agreement.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement is a condition to the closing under the Purchase Agreement.

In consideration of the foregoing,
the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Definitions.
As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Business Day
shall mean any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by
law to remain closed.

Company
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble and shall also include the Companys successors and any successor issuer of the
Securities or the Exchange Securities.

Depositary
shall mean the Depository Trust Company, its nominees and their respective successors.

Exchange Act
shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time.

Exchange Dates
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a) hereof.

Exchange Offer
shall mean the exchange offer by the Company of Exchange Securities for Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof.

Exchange Offer Registration
shall mean a registration under the Securities Act effected pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof.

Exchange Offer
Registration Statement shall mean an exchange offer registration statement on Form S-4 (or, if applicable, on another
appropriate form) and all amendments and supplements to such registration statement, in each case including the Prospectus contained
therein or deemed a part thereof, all exhibits thereto and any document incorporated by reference therein.

1

Exchange Securities
shall mean senior notes issued by the Company under the Indenture containing terms identical to the Securities (except that the Exchange
Securities will not be subject to restrictions on transfer or to any increase in annual interest rate for failure to comply with this
Agreement) and to be offered to Holders in exchange for Registrable Securities pursuant to the Exchange Offer.

FINRA
means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.

Free Writing Prospectus
means each free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) prepared by or on behalf of the Company or used
or referred to by the Company in connection with the sale of the Securities or the Exchange Securities.

Holders
shall mean the Initial Purchasers, for so long as they own any Registrable Securities, and each of their successors, assigns and direct
and indirect transferees who become owners of Registrable Securities under the Indenture provided that, for purposes of Sections 4
and 5 of this Agreement, the term Holders shall include Participating Broker-Dealers.

Indemnified Person
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c) hereof.

Indemnifying Person
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c) hereof.

Indenture
shall mean the Indenture relating to the Securities, dated as of April 2, 2025 between the Company and The Huntington National Bank, as
trustee, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, including the First Supplemental
Indenture relating to the Securities, dated April 2, 2025.

Initial Purchasers
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Inspector
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a)(xiii) hereof.

Issuer Information
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a) hereof.

Majority Holders
shall mean the Holders of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Registrable Securities provided
that whenever the consent or approval of Holders of a specified percentage of Registrable Securities is required hereunder, any Registrable
Securities owned directly or indirectly by the Company or any of its affiliates shall not be counted in determining whether such consent
or approval was given by the Holders of such required percentage or amount and provided, further, that if the Company
shall issue any additional Securities under the Indenture prior to consummation of the Exchange Offer or, if applicable, the effectiveness
of any Shelf Registration Statement, such additional Securities and the Registrable Securities to which this Agreement relates shall be
treated together as one class for purposes of determining whether the consent or approval of Holders of a specified percentage of Registrable
Securities has been obtained.

Notice and Questionnaire
shall mean a notice of registration statement and selling security holder questionnaire distributed to a Holder by the Company upon receipt
of a Shelf Request from such Holder.

2

Participating Holders
shall mean the Holders participating in a given registration relating to Registrable Securities.

Participating Broker-Dealers
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a) hereof.

Person
shall mean an individual, partnership, limited liability company, corporation, trust or unincorporated organization, or a government or
agency or political subdivision thereof.

Prospectus
shall mean the prospectus included in, or, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities Act, deemed a part of, a Registration
Statement, including any preliminary prospectus, and any such prospectus as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, including
a prospectus supplement with respect to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Shelf Registration
Statement, and by all other amendments and supplements to such prospectus, and in each case including any document incorporated by reference
therein.

Purchase Agreement
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Registrable Securities
shall mean the Securities provided that the Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities upon the earliest to occur
of the following: (i) when a Registration Statement with respect to such Securities has become effective under the Securities Act
and such Securities have been exchanged or disposed of pursuant to such Registration Statement (ii) when such Securities are
eligible to be sold pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act without compliance with any volume or manner of sale restrictions
(or any similar provision then in force, but not Rule 144A) and (iii) when such Securities cease to be outstanding.

Registration Expenses
shall mean any and all expenses incident to performance of or compliance by the Company with this Agreement, including without limitation:
(i) all SEC, stock exchange and FINRA registration and filing fees, (ii) all fees and expenses incurred in connection with compliance
with state securities or blue sky laws and comparable non-U.S. laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for any Underwriters
or Holders in connection with blue sky qualification of any Exchange Securities or Registrable Securities), (iii) all expenses of
any Persons in preparing or assisting in preparing, word processing, printing and distributing any Registration Statement, any Prospectus
and any amendments or supplements thereto, any underwriting agreements, securities sales agreements or other similar agreements and any
other documents relating to the performance of and compliance with this Agreement, (iv) all rating agency fees, (v) all fees
and disbursements relating to the qualification of the Indenture under applicable securities laws, (vi) the reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket fees and disbursements of the Trustee and its counsel, (vii) the fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company
and, in the case of a Shelf Registration Statement, the fees and disbursements of one counsel for the Participating Holders (which counsel
shall be selected by the Participating Holders holding a majority of the aggregate principal amount of Registrable Securities held by
such Participating Holders and which counsel may also be counsel for the Initial Purchasers) and (viii) the fees and disbursements
of the independent public accountants of the Company, including the expenses of any special audits or comfort letters required
by or incident to the performance of and compliance with this Agreement, but excluding fees and expenses of counsel to the Underwriters
(other than fees and expenses set forth in clause (ii) above) or the Holders and underwriting discounts and commissions, brokerage
commissions and transfer taxes, if any, relating to the sale or disposition of Registrable Securities by a Holder.

3

Registration Statement
shall mean any registration statement of the Company that covers any of the Exchange Securities or Registrable Securities pursuant to
the provisions of this Agreement and all amendments and supplements to any such registration statement, including post-effective amendments,
in each case including the Prospectus contained therein or deemed a part thereof, all exhibits thereto and any document incorporated by
reference therein.

Representatives
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.

SEC shall
mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Securities Act
shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time.

Shelf Effectiveness
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b) hereof.

Shelf Registration
shall mean a registration effected pursuant to Section 2(b) hereof.

Shelf Registration
Statement shall mean a shelf registration statement of the Company that covers all or a portion of the Registrable
Securities (but no other securities unless approved by the Participating Holders holding a majority in aggregate principal amount of the
Registrable Securities covered by such Shelf Registration Statement) on an appropriate form under Rule 415 under the Securities Act,
or any similar rule that may be adopted by the SEC, and all amendments and supplements to such registration statement, including post-effective
amendments, in each case including the Prospectus contained therein or deemed a part thereof, all exhibits thereto and any document incorporated
by reference therein.

Shelf Request
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b) hereof.

Staff
shall mean the staff of the SEC.

Suspension Actions
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(e) hereof.

Target Registration
Date shall mean April 2, 2026.

Trust Indenture
Act shall mean the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended from time to time.

Trustee
shall mean the trustee with respect to the Securities under the Indenture.

Underwriter
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(e) hereof.

Underwritten Offering
shall mean an offering in which Registrable Securities are sold to an Underwriter for reoffering to the public.

4

2. Registration
Under the Securities Act. To the extent not prohibited by any applicable law or applicable interpretations of the Staff, the
Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) file an Exchange Offer Registration Statement covering an offer to the
Holders to exchange all the Registrable Securities for Exchange Securities and (ii) have such Registration Statement become effective
on or before the Target Registration Date and remain effective until 180 days after the last Exchange Date for use by one or more
Participating Broker-Dealers. The Company shall commence the Exchange Offer promptly after the Exchange Offer Registration Statement
is declared effective by the SEC and use commercially reasonable efforts to complete the Exchange Offer not later than 60 days after
such effective date.

After the Exchange Offer Registration
Statement has become effective, the Company shall commence the Exchange Offer for Registrable Securities by mailing, or delivering in
compliance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary and applicable law the related Prospectus, appropriate letters of transmittal
and other accompanying documents to each Holder stating, in addition to such other disclosures as are required by applicable law, substantially
the following:

(i) that
such Exchange Offer is being made pursuant to this Agreement and that all Registrable Securities validly tendered and not properly withdrawn
will be accepted for exchange

(ii) the
dates of acceptance for exchange of Securities (which shall be a period of at least 20 Business Days (or such longer period as required
by applicable law) from the date such notice is disseminated) (each, an Exchange Date)

(iii) that
any Registrable Security not tendered will remain outstanding and continue to accrue interest but will not retain any rights under this
Agreement, except as otherwise specified herein

(iv) that
any Holder electing to have a Registrable Security exchanged pursuant to the Exchange Offer will be required to (A) surrender such
Registrable Security, together with the appropriate letters of transmittal, to the institution and at the address and in the manner specified
in the notice, or (B) effect such exchange otherwise in compliance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary, in each case
prior to the close of business on the last Exchange Date and

(v) that
any Holder will be entitled to withdraw its election, not later than the close of business on the last Exchange Date, by (A) sending
to the institution and at the address specified in the notice, a telegram, telex, facsimile transmission or letter setting forth the name
of such Holder, the principal amount of Registrable Securities delivered for exchange and a statement that such Holder is withdrawing
its election to have such Securities exchanged or (B) effecting such withdrawal in compliance with the applicable procedures of the
Depositary.

As a condition to participating
in an Exchange Offer, a Holder will be required to represent to the Company that (i) any Exchange Securities to be received by it
will be acquired in the ordinary course of its business, (ii) at the time of the commencement of such Exchange Offer it has no arrangement
or understanding with any Person to participate in the distribution (within the meaning of the Securities Act) of the Exchange Securities
in violation of the provisions of the Securities Act, (iii) it is not an affiliate (within the meaning of Rule 405
under the Securities Act) of the Company and (iv) if such Holder is a broker-dealer that will receive Exchange Securities for its
own account in exchange for Registrable Securities that were acquired as a result of market-making or other trading activities, then such
Holder will deliver a Prospectus (or, to the extent permitted by law, make available a Prospectus to purchasers) in connection with any
resale of such Exchange Securities.

5

As soon as practicable after
the last Exchange Date, the Company shall:

(i) accept
for exchange Registrable Securities or portions thereof validly tendered and not properly withdrawn pursuant to the Exchange Offer
and

(ii) deliver,
or cause to be delivered, to the Trustee for cancellation all Registrable Securities or portions thereof so accepted for exchange by the
Company and issue, and cause the Trustee to promptly authenticate and deliver to each Holder, Exchange Securities equal in principal amount
to the principal amount of the Registrable Securities tendered by such Holder.

The Company shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to complete the Exchange Offer as provided above and shall comply with the applicable requirements of the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act and other applicable laws and regulations in connection with the Exchange Offer. No Exchange Offer shall be subject
to any conditions, other than that the Exchange Offer does not violate any applicable law or applicable interpretations of the Staff.

(b) In
the event that (i) the Company determines that the Exchange Offer provided for in Section 2(a) above is not available or may
not be completed as soon as practicable after the last Exchange Date because it would violate any applicable law or applicable interpretations
of the Staff, (ii) the Exchange Offer is not for any other reason completed by the Target Registration Date or (iii) the Company
receives a written request (a Shelf Request) from any Holder representing that it holds Registrable Securities that
are or were ineligible to be exchanged in the Exchange Offer, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause to be filed
as soon as practicable after such determination, date or Shelf Request, as the case may be, a Shelf Registration Statement providing for
the sale of all the Registrable Securities by the Holders thereof and to have such Shelf Registration Statement become effective
provided that (a) no Holder will be entitled to have any Registrable Securities included in any Shelf Registration Statement,
or entitled to use the prospectus forming a part of such Shelf Registration Statement, until such Holder shall have delivered a completed
and signed Notice and Questionnaire and provided such other information regarding such Holder to the Company as is contemplated by Section 3(b)
hereof, and (b) the Company shall be under no obligation to file any such Shelf Registration Statement before the Target Registration
Date.

In the event that the Company
is required to file a Shelf Registration Statement pursuant to clause (iii) of the preceding sentence, the Company shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to file and have become effective both an Exchange Offer Registration Statement pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof
with respect to all Registrable Securities and a Shelf Registration Statement (which may be a combined Registration Statement with the
Exchange Offer Registration Statement) with respect to offers and sales of Registrable Securities held by the Holders after completion
of the Exchange Offer.

6

The Company agrees to use
commercially reasonable efforts to keep the Shelf Registration Statement continuously effective until the Securities covered thereby cease
to be Registrable Securities (the Shelf Effectiveness Period). The Company further agrees to supplement or amend
the Shelf Registration Statement and the related Prospectus if required by the rules, regulations or instructions applicable to the registration
form used by the Company for such Shelf Registration Statement or by the Securities Act or by any other rules and regulations thereunder
or if reasonably requested by a Participating Holder of Registrable Securities with respect to information relating to such Participating
Holder, and to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause any such amendment to become effective, if required, and such Shelf Registration
Statement and Prospectus to become usable as soon as practicable thereafter. The Company agrees to furnish to the Participating Holders
of Registrable Securities copies of any such supplement or amendment promptly after its being used or filed with the SEC, as requested
by the Participating Holders.

(c) The Company
shall pay all Registration Expenses in connection with any registration pursuant to Section 2(a) or Section 2(b) hereof. Each
Holder shall pay all underwriting discounts and commissions, brokerage commissions and transfer taxes, if any, relating to the sale
or disposition of such Holders Registrable Securities pursuant to the Shelf Registration Statement.

(d) An
Exchange Offer Registration Statement pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof will not be deemed to have become effective unless it has been
declared effective by the SEC. A Shelf Registration Statement pursuant to Section 2(b) hereof will not be deemed to have become effective
unless it has been declared effective by the SEC or is automatically effective upon filing with the SEC as provided by Rule 462 under
the Securities Act.

In the event that either the
Exchange Offer is not completed or a Shelf Registration Statement, if required pursuant to Section 2(b)(i) or 2(b)(ii) hereof, does
not become effective on or prior to the Target Registration Date, the interest rate on the Registrable Securities will be increased by
(i) 0.25% per annum for the first 90-day period following the Target Registration Date and (ii) an additional 0.25% per annum
thereafter until the applicable Exchange Offer is completed, the Shelf Registration Statement, if required hereby, becomes effective or
the Securities become freely tradable under the Securities Act provided that in no event should the interest rate be increased
by an aggregate amount of more than 0.50% per annum.

If the Shelf Registration
Statement, if required hereby, has become effective and thereafter either ceases to be effective or the Prospectus contained therein ceases
to be usable on more than two occasions, and such failures to remain effective or be usable continue for more than 30 consecutive days
in any 12-month period, then the interest rate on the Registrable Securities will be increased by 0.25% per annum commencing on the day
after the 30th day of the second such 30-consecutive-day period and ending on such date that the Shelf Registration Statement has
again become effective or the Prospectus again becomes usable provided that in no event shall the interest rate be increased
by an aggregate amount of more than 0.50% per annum.

(e) The
Company shall be entitled to suspend its obligation to file any amendment to a Shelf Registration Statement, furnish any supplement or
amendment to a Prospectus included in a Shelf Registration Statement, make any other filing with the SEC that would be incorporated by
reference into a Shelf Registration Statement, cause a Shelf Registration Statement to remain effective or the Prospectus usable or take
any similar action (collectively, Suspension Actions) if there is a possible acquisition or business combination
or other transaction, business development or event involving the Company or its subsidiaries that may require disclosure in the Shelf
Registration Statement or Prospectus and the Company determines that such disclosure is not in the best interest of the Company and its
stockholders or obtaining any financial statements relating to any such acquisition or business combination required to be included in
the Shelf Registration Statement or Prospectus would be impracticable. Upon the occurrence of any of the conditions described in the foregoing
sentence, the Company shall give prompt notice of the delay or suspension (but not the basis thereof) to the Participating Holders. Upon
the termination of such condition, the Company shall promptly proceed with all Suspension Actions that were delayed or suspended and,
if required, shall give prompt notice to the Participating Holders of the cessation of the delay or suspension (but not the basis thereof).

7

(f) Without
limiting the remedies available to the Initial Purchasers and the Holders, the Company acknowledges that any failure by the Company to
comply with its obligations under Section 2(a) or Section 2(b) hereof may result in material irreparable injury to the Initial
Purchasers or the Holders for which there is no adequate remedy at law, that it will not be possible to measure damages for such injuries
precisely and that, in the event of any such failure, the Initial Purchasers or any Holder may obtain such relief as may be required to
specifically enforce the Companys obligations under Section 2(a) and Section 2(b) hereof.

3. Registration
Procedures. In connection with its obligations pursuant to Section 2(a) and Section 2(b) hereof, the Company shall:

(i) prepare
and file with the SEC a Registration Statement on the appropriate form under the Securities Act, which form (x) shall be selected
by the Company, (y) shall, in the case of a Shelf Registration, be available for the sale of the Registrable Securities by the Participating
Holders thereof and (z) shall comply as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the applicable form and include
or, if permitted by applicable law, incorporate by reference all financial statements required by the SEC to be filed therewith
and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective and remain effective for the applicable
period in accordance with Section 2 hereof

(ii) prepare
and file with the SEC such amendments and post-effective amendments to each Registration Statement as may be necessary to keep such Registration
Statement effective for the applicable period in accordance with Section 2 hereof and cause each Prospectus to be supplemented by
any required prospectus supplement and, as so supplemented, to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act and keep
each Prospectus current during the period described in Section 4(a)(3) of, and Rule 174 under, the Securities Act that is applicable
to transactions by brokers or dealers with respect to the Registrable Securities or Exchange Securities

(iii) to
the extent any Free Writing Prospectus is used, file with the SEC any Free Writing Prospectus that is required to be filed by the Company
with the SEC in accordance with the Securities Act and to retain a copy of any Free Writing Prospectus not required to be filed

8

(iv) in
the case of a Shelf Registration, furnish to each Participating Holder, to counsel for the Initial Purchasers, to counsel for such Participating
Holders and to each Underwriter of an Underwritten Offering of Registrable Securities, if any, without charge, as many copies of each
Prospectus or preliminary prospectus, and any amendment or supplement thereto, as such Participating Holder, counsel or Underwriter may
reasonably request in order to facilitate the sale or other disposition of the Registrable Securities thereunder and the Company
consents to the use of such Prospectus, preliminary prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto in accordance with applicable law
by each of the Participating Holders and any such Underwriters in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities
covered by and in the manner described in such Prospectus, preliminary prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto in accordance
with applicable law

(v) use
its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the Registrable Securities under all applicable state securities, blue sky
laws or comparable non-U.S. laws of such jurisdictions as any Participating Holder shall reasonably request in writing by the time the
applicable Registration Statement becomes effective cooperate with such Participating Holders in connection with any filings required
to be made with FINRA and do any and all other acts and things that may be reasonably necessary or advisable to enable each Participating
Holder to complete the disposition in each such jurisdiction of the Registrable Securities owned by such Participating Holder provided
that the Company shall not be required to (1) qualify as a foreign corporation or other entity or as a dealer in securities in any
such jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to so qualify, (2) file any general consent to service of process in any
such jurisdiction or (3) subject itself to taxation in any such jurisdiction if it is not otherwise so subject

(vi) notify
counsel for the Initial Purchasers and, in the case of a Shelf Registration, notify each Participating Holder and counsel for such Participating
Holders promptly and, if requested by any such Participating Holder or counsel, confirm such notice in writing (1) when a Registration
Statement has become effective, when any post-effective amendment thereto has been filed and becomes effective and when any amendment
or supplement to the Prospectus has been filed, (2) of any request by the SEC or any other securities authority for amendments and supplements
to a Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional information after the Registration Statement has become effective, (3) of
the issuance by the SEC or any other securities authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement or
the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose, including the receipt by the Company of any notice of objection of the SEC to the
use of a Shelf Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act,
(4) if, between the applicable effective date of a Shelf Registration Statement and the closing of any sale of Registrable Securities
covered thereby, the representations and warranties of the Company contained in any underwriting agreement, securities sales agreement
or other similar agreement, if any, relating to an offering of such Registrable Securities cease to be true and correct in all material
respects or if the Company receives any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of the Registrable Securities
for sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation of any proceeding for such purpose, (5) of the happening of any event during the period
a Registration Statement is effective that makes any statement made in such Registration Statement or the related Prospectus untrue in
any material respect or that requires the making of any changes in such Registration Statement or Prospectus in order to make the statements
therein not misleading and (6) of any determination by the Company that a post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement or any
amendment or supplement to the Prospectus would be appropriate

9

(vii) use
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement or, in
the case of a Shelf Registration, the resolution of any objection of the SEC pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act,
including by filing an amendment to such Shelf Registration Statement on the proper form, as soon as reasonably practicable and provide
prompt notice to each Holder of the withdrawal of any such order or such resolution

(viii) in
the case of a Shelf Registration, furnish to each Participating Holder, without charge, upon request, at least one conformed copy of each
Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto (without any documents incorporated therein by reference or exhibits thereto,
unless requested), if such documents are not available via the SECs EDGAR system

(ix) in
the case of a Shelf Registration, cooperate with the Participating Holders to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates
representing Registrable Securities to be sold and not bearing any restrictive legends and enable such Registrable Securities to be issued
in such denominations and, in the case of certificated securities, registered in such names (consistent with the provisions of the Indenture)
as such Participating Holders may reasonably request at least one Business Day prior to the closing of any sale of Registrable Securities

(x) upon
the occurrence of any event contemplated by Section 3(a)(vi)(5) hereof, subject to Section 2(e) hereof, use commercially reasonable
efforts to prepare and file with the SEC a supplement or post-effective amendment to the applicable Exchange Offer Registration Statement
or Shelf Registration Statement or the related Prospectus or any document incorporated therein by reference or file any other required
document so that, as thereafter delivered (or, to the extent permitted by law, made available) to purchasers of the Registrable Securities,
such Prospectus will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and the Company shall notify the Participating
Holders (in the case of a Shelf Registration Statement) and the Initial Purchasers and any Participating Broker-Dealers known to the Company
(in the case of an Exchange Offer Registration Statement) to suspend use of the Prospectus as promptly as practicable after the occurrence
of such an event, and such Participating Holders, Participating Broker-Dealers and Initial Purchasers, as applicable, hereby agree to
suspend use of the Prospectus until the Company has amended or supplemented the Prospectus to correct such misstatement or omission and
expressly agree to maintain the information contained in such notice confidential (except that such information may be disclosed to its
counsel) until it has been publicly disclosed by the Company

10

(xi) utilize
the CUSIP numbers obtained and made eligible with the Depositary prior to the closing of the initial offering of the Securities and provided
to the Company for the Exchange Securities or Registrable Securities, as the case may be

(xii) cause
the Indenture to be qualified under the Trust Indenture Act in connection with the registration of the Exchange Securities or Registrable
Securities, as the case may be cooperate with the Trustee and the Holders to effect such changes to the Indenture as may be required
for the Indenture to be so qualified in accordance with the terms of the Trust Indenture Act and execute, and use commercially reasonable
efforts to cause the Trustee to execute, all documents as may be required to effect such changes and all other forms and documents required
to be filed with the SEC to enable the Indenture to be so qualified in a timely manner

(xiii) in
the case of a Shelf Registration, make available for inspection upon written request by a representative of the Participating Holders
(an Inspector), any Underwriter participating in any disposition pursuant to such Shelf Registration Statement, one
firm of attorneys and one firm of accountants designated by Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Registrable Securities
to be included in such Shelf Registration and one firm of attorneys and one firm of accountants designated by such Underwriter, at reasonable
times and in a reasonable manner, all pertinent financial and other records, documents and properties of the Company and its subsidiaries
reasonably requested by any such Inspector, Underwriter, attorney or accountant, and cause the respective officers and employees of the
Company to supply all information reasonably requested by any such Inspector, Underwriter, attorney or accountant in connection with a
Shelf Registration Statement, subject to such confidentiality agreements as the Company may reasonably require and to any applicable privilege
provided that if any such information is identified by the Company as being confidential or proprietary, each Person receiving
such information shall take such actions as are reasonably necessary to protect the confidentiality of such information to the extent
such action is otherwise not inconsistent with, an impairment of or in derogation of the rights and interests of any such Inspector, Participating
Holder or Underwriter)

(xiv) in
the case of a Shelf Registration, use commercially reasonable efforts to cause all Registrable Securities covered thereby to be listed
on any securities exchange or any automated quotation system on which similar senior unconvertible debt securities issued or guaranteed
by the Company are then listed if requested by the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Registrable Securities covered by
the Shelf Registration Statement, to the extent such Registrable Securities satisfy applicable listing requirements

(xv) if
reasonably requested by any Participating Holder, promptly include or, if permitted by applicable law, incorporate by reference, in a
Prospectus supplement or post- effective amendment such information with respect to such Participating Holder as such Participating Holder
reasonably requests to be included therein and make all required filings of such Prospectus supplement or such post-effective amendment
as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company has received notification of and relevant information regarding the matters to be
so included in such filing and

11

(xvi) in
the case of a Shelf Registration, enter into such customary agreements and take all such other actions in connection therewith (including
those requested by the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Registrable Securities covered by the Shelf Registration Statement)
in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of such Registrable Securities including, but not limited to, an Underwritten Offering
and in such connection, (1) to the extent possible, make such representations and warranties to the Participating Holders and any
Underwriters of such Registrable Securities with respect to the business of the Company and its subsidiaries and the Registration Statement,
Prospectus and documents incorporated by reference or deemed incorporated by reference, if any, in each case, in form, substance and scope
as are customarily made by issuers to underwriters in underwritten offerings and consistent with the applicable representations and warranties
in the Purchase Agreement and confirm the same if and when requested, (2) in connection with an Underwritten Offering, obtain opinions
of counsel to the Company (which counsel and opinions, in form, scope and substance, shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Participating
Holders and such Underwriters and their respective counsel) addressed to each Participating Holder and Underwriter of Registrable Securities,
covering the matters customarily covered in opinions requested in underwritten offerings and consistent with the opinions delivered pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, (3) in connection with an Underwritten Offering, obtain comfort letters from the independent
registered public accountants of the Company (and, if necessary, any other registered public accountant of any subsidiary of the Company,
or of any business acquired or to be acquired by the Company for which financial statements and financial data are or are required to
be included in the Registration Statement) addressed to each Participating Holder (to the extent permitted by applicable professional
standards) and Underwriter of Registrable Securities, such letters to be in customary form and covering matters of the type customarily
covered in comfort letters in connection with underwritten offerings, including but not limited to financial information
contained in any preliminary prospectus or Prospectus and (4) in connection with an Underwritten Offering, deliver such documents
and certificates as may be reasonably requested by the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Registrable Securities being sold
or the Underwriters, and which are customarily delivered in underwritten offerings, to evidence the continued validity of the representations
and warranties of the Company made pursuant to clause (1) above and to evidence compliance with any customary conditions contained
in an underwriting agreement.

(b) In
the case of a Shelf Registration Statement, the Company may require each Holder of Registrable Securities to furnish to the Company such
information regarding such Holder and the proposed disposition by such Holder of such Registrable Securities as the Company may from time
to time reasonably request in writing and require such Holder to agree in writing to be bound by all provisions of this Agreement applicable
to such Holder. The Company may exclude from such registration the Registrable Securities of any Holder so long as such Holder fails to
furnish such information or fails to agree in writing to be bound by all provisions of this Agreement within a reasonable time after receiving
such request. No Holder of Registrable Securities shall be entitled to additional interest pursuant to Section 2(d) hereof in connection
with a Shelf Registration Statement unless and until such Holder shall have provided all such information and have agreed in writing to
be bound by all provisions of this Agreement if requested by the Company. Each Holder of Registrable Securities as to which any Shelf
Registration is being effected agrees to furnish promptly to the Company all information required to be disclosed so that the information
previously furnished to the Company by such Holder is not materially misleading and does not omit to state any material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances under which they were made.

12

(c) In
the case of a Shelf Registration Statement, each Participating Holder of Registrable Securities covered in such Shelf Registration Statement
agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 3(a)(vi)(3)
or 3(a)(vi)(5) hereof, such Participating Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to the Shelf
Registration Statement until such Participating Holders receipt of the copies of the supplemented or amended Prospectus contemplated
by Section 3(a)(x) hereof and, if so directed by the Company, such Participating Holder will deliver to the Company all copies in
its possession, other than permanent file copies then in such Participating Holders possession, of the Prospectus covering such
Registrable Securities that is current at the time of receipt of such notice.

(d) If
the Company shall give any notice to suspend the disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement, the Company
shall extend the period during which such Registration Statement shall be maintained effective pursuant to this Agreement by the number
of days during the period from and including the date of the giving of such notice to and including the date when the Holders of such
Registrable Securities shall have received copies of the supplemented or amended Prospectus necessary to resume such dispositions.

(e) The
Participating Holders who desire to do so may sell such Registrable Securities in an Underwritten Offering. In any such Underwritten Offering,
the investment bank or investment banks and manager or managers (each an Underwriter) that will administer the offering
will be selected by the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Registrable Securities included in such offering, subject in
each case to consent by the Company (which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

(f) No
Holder of Registrable Securities may participate in any Underwritten Offering hereunder unless such Holder (a) agrees to sell such
Holders Registrable Securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by the Persons entitled hereunder
to approve such arrangements and (b) completes and executes all questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, underwriting agreements
and other documents required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.

4. Participation
of Broker-Dealers in Exchange Offer. The Staff has taken the position that any broker-dealer that receives Exchange Securities
for its own account in the Exchange Offer in exchange for Securities that were acquired by such broker-dealer as a result of market-making
or other trading activities (a Participating Broker-Dealer) may be deemed to be an underwriter within
the meaning of the Securities Act and must deliver a prospectus meeting the requirements of the Securities Act in connection with any
resale of such Exchange Securities.

13

The Company understands that
it is the Staffs position that if the Prospectus contained in the Exchange Offer Registration Statement includes a plan of distribution
containing a statement to the above effect and the means by which Participating Broker-Dealers may resell the Exchange Securities, without
naming the Participating Broker-Dealers or specifying the amount of Exchange Securities owned by them, such Prospectus may be delivered
by Participating Broker-Dealers (or, to the extent permitted by law, made available to purchasers) to satisfy their prospectus delivery
obligation under the Securities Act in connection with resales of Exchange Securities for their own accounts, so long as the Prospectus
otherwise meets the requirements of the Securities Act.

(a) In
light of the above, and notwithstanding the other provisions of this Agreement, the Company agrees to amend or supplement the Prospectus
contained in the Exchange Offer Registration Statement for a period of up to 180 days after the last Exchange Date (as such period
may be extended pursuant to Section 3(d) of this Agreement), if requested by one or more Participating Broker-Dealer, in order to
expedite or facilitate the disposition of any Exchange Securities by Participating Broker-Dealers consistent with the positions of the
Staff recited in Section 4(a) above. The Company further agrees that Participating Broker-Dealers shall be authorized to deliver
such Prospectus (or, to the extent permitted by law, make available) during such period in connection with the resales contemplated by
this Section 4.

(b) The
Initial Purchasers shall have no liability to the Company or any Holder with respect to any request that they may make pursuant to Section 4(b)
above.

5. Indemnification
and Contribution. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Initial Purchaser and each Holder, their respective
affiliates, directors and officers and each Person, if any, who controls any Initial Purchaser or any Holder within the meaning of Section 15
of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages or liabilities (including,
without limitation, reasonable and documented out-of-pocket legal fees and other expenses incurred in connection with investigating or
defending any suit, action or proceeding or any claim asserted, as such fees and expenses are incurred), joint or several, that arise
out of, or are based upon, (1) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration
Statement or any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to
make the statements therein not misleading, or (2) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained
in any Prospectus, any Free Writing Prospectus or any issuer information (Issuer Information) filed
or required to be filed pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act, or any omission or alleged omission to state therein a
material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading,
in each case except insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities arise out of, or are based upon, any untrue statement or omission
or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with any information relating to any Initial Purchaser
or information relating to any Participating Holder furnished to the Company in writing through the Representatives or any Participating
Holder expressly for use therein. In connection with any Underwritten Offering permitted by Section 3, the Company will also indemnify
the Underwriters, if any, selling brokers, dealers and similar securities industry professionals participating in the distribution, their
respective affiliates and each Person who controls such Persons (within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act) to the
same extent as provided above with respect to the indemnification of the Holders, if requested in writing in advance by a selling Holder
in connection with any Registration Statement, any Prospectus, any Free Writing Prospectus or any Issuer Information.

14

(a) Each
Holder agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Initial Purchasers and the other selling Holders,
the directors of the Company, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement and each Person, if any, who controls
the Company, any Initial Purchaser and any other selling Holder within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20
of the Exchange Act to the same extent as the indemnity set forth in paragraph (a) above, but only with respect to any losses, claims,
damages, liabilities or actions that arise out of, or are based upon, any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or
omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with any information relating to such Holder furnished to the Company in writing by such
Holder expressly for use in any Registration Statement and any Prospectus.

(b) If
any suit, action, proceeding (including any governmental or regulatory investigation), claim or demand shall be brought or asserted against
any Person in respect of which indemnification may be sought pursuant to either paragraph (a) or (b) above, such Person (the
Indemnified Person) shall promptly notify the Person against whom such indemnification may be sought (the Indemnifying
Person) in writing provided that the failure to notify the Indemnifying Person shall not relieve it from any liability
that it may have under this Section 5 except to the extent that it has been materially prejudiced (through the forfeiture of substantive
rights or defenses) by such failure and provided, further, that the failure to notify the Indemnifying Person shall
not relieve it from any liability that it may have to an Indemnified Person otherwise than under this Section 5. If any such suit,
action, proceeding (including any governmental or regulatory investigation), claim or demand shall be brought or asserted against an Indemnified
Person and it shall have notified the Indemnifying Person thereof, upon request of the Indemnified Person, the Indemnifying Person shall
retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person to represent the Indemnified Person and any others entitled to indemnification
pursuant to this Section 5 that the Indemnifying Person may designate in such proceeding and shall pay the reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket fees and expenses of such proceeding and shall pay the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of such
counsel related to such proceeding, as incurred. In any such proceeding, any Indemnified Person shall have the right to retain its own
counsel, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Person unless (i) the Indemnifying
Person and the Indemnified Person shall have mutually agreed to the contrary (ii) the Indemnifying Person has failed within
a reasonable time to retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person (iii) the Indemnified Person shall have
reasonably concluded that there may be legal defenses available to it that are different from or in addition to those available to the
Indemnifying Person or (iv) the named parties in any such proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both the Indemnifying
Person and the Indemnified Person and representation of both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential
differing interests between them. It is understood and agreed that the Indemnifying Person shall not, in connection with any proceeding
or related proceeding in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm (in addition to any
local counsel) for all Indemnified Persons, and that all such fees and expenses shall be reimbursed as they are incurred. Any such separate
firm (x) for any Initial Purchaser, its affiliates, directors and officers and any control Persons of such Initial Purchaser shall
be designated in writing by the Representatives, (y) for any Holder, its directors and officers and any control Persons of such Holder
shall be designated in writing by the Majority Holders and (z) in all other cases shall be designated in writing by the Company.
Upon receipt of notice from the Indemnifying Person to the Indemnified Person of the Indemnifying Persons retention of counsel
designated by the Indemnifying Person to represent the Indemnified Person and any others entitled to indemnification pursuant to this
Section 5 and the approval by the Indemnified Person of such counsel, the Indemnifying Person shall not be liable to the Indemnified
Person for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnified Person in connection with the defense thereof unless the
Indemnified Person shall have employed separate counsel in accordance with items (i)-(iv) set forth above in this Section 5(c). The
Indemnifying Person shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent, but if settled with
such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the Indemnifying Person agrees to indemnify each Indemnified Person from
and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if at any time an
Indemnified Person shall have requested that an Indemnifying Person reimburse the Indemnified Person for fees and expenses of counsel
as contemplated by this paragraph unless the Indemnifying Person notifies the Indemnified Person that it disputes in good faith its obligation
to provide such reimbursement, the Indemnifying Person shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written
consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 60 days after receipt by the Indemnifying Person of such request and
(ii) the Indemnifying Person shall not have reimbursed the Indemnified Person in accordance with such request prior to the date of
such settlement. No Indemnifying Person shall, without the written consent of the Indemnified Person, effect any settlement of any pending
or threatened proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Person is or could have been a party and indemnification could have been
sought hereunder by such Indemnified Person, unless such settlement (A) includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Person,
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Person, from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of
such proceeding and (B) does not include any statement as to or any admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on
behalf of any Indemnified Person.

15

(c) If
the indemnification provided for in paragraphs (a) and (b) above is unavailable to an Indemnified Person or insufficient in respect
of any losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to therein, then each Indemnifying Person under such paragraph, in lieu of indemnifying
such Indemnified Person thereunder, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Person as a result of such losses,
claims, damages or liabilities (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company
from the offering of the Securities and the Exchange Securities, on the one hand, and by the Holders from receiving Securities or Exchange
Securities registered under the Securities Act, on the other hand, or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) is not permitted
by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) but also
the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the Holders on the other in connection with the statements or omissions that resulted
in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company
on the one hand and the Holders on the other shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company
or by the Holders and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such
statement or omission.

(d) The
Company and the Holders agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 5 were determined
by prorata allocation (even if the Holders were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of
allocation that does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in paragraph (d) above. The amount paid or payable
by an Indemnified Person as a result of the losses, claims, damages and liabilities referred to in paragraph (d) above shall be deemed
to include, subject to the limitations set forth above, any documented out-of-pocket legal or other expenses incurred by such Indemnified
Person in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5,
in no event shall a Holder be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at which the Securities
or Exchange Securities sold by such Holder exceeds the amount of any damages that such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason
of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No Person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the
meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any Person who was not guilty of such fraudulent
misrepresentation. The Holders obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 5 are several and not joint.

16

(e) The
remedies provided for in this Section 5 are not exclusive and shall not limit any rights or remedies that may otherwise be available
to any Indemnified Person at law or in equity.

(f) The
indemnity and contribution provisions contained in this Section 5 shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless
of (i) any termination of this Agreement, (ii) any investigation made by or on behalf of the Initial Purchasers or any Holder
or any Person controlling any Initial Purchaser or any Holder, or by or on behalf of the Company or the officers or directors of or any
Person controlling the Company, (iii) acceptance of any of the Exchange Securities and (iv) any sale of Registrable Securities
pursuant to a Shelf Registration Statement.

6. General.

(a) No
Inconsistent Agreements. The Company represents, warrants and agrees that (i) the rights granted to the Holders hereunder do
not in any way conflict with and are not inconsistent with the rights granted to the holders of any other outstanding securities issued
or guaranteed by the Company under any other agreement and (ii) the Company has not entered into, and on or after the date of this
Agreement will not enter into, any agreement that is inconsistent with the rights granted to the Holders of Registrable Securities in
this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof.

(b) Amendments
and Waivers. The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified or supplemented,
and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given unless the Company has obtained the written consent
of Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Registrable Securities affected by such amendment,
modification, supplement, waiver or consent other than any Registrable Securities owned directly or indirectly by the Company or any of
its affiliates provided that no amendment, modification, supplement, waiver or consent to any departure from the provisions
of Section 5 hereof shall be effective as against any Holder of Registrable Securities unless consented to in writing by such Holder.
Any amendments, modifications, supplements, waivers or consents pursuant to this Section 6(b) shall be by a writing executed by each
of the parties hereto. Each Holder of Registrable Securities outstanding at the time of any such amendment modification, supplement, waiver
or consent thereafter shall be bound by any such amendment, modification, supplement, waiver or consent effected pursuant to this Section 6(b),
whether or not any notice, writing or marking indicating such amendment, modification, supplement waiver or consent appears on the Registrable
Securities or is delivered to such Holder. Each Holder may waive compliance with respect to any obligation of the Company under this Agreement
as it may apply or be enforced by such particular Holder.

17

(c) Notices.
All notices and other communications provided for or permitted hereunder shall be made in writing by hand-delivery, registered first-class
mail, telex, telecopier, or any courier guaranteeing overnight delivery (i) if to a Holder, at the most current address given by
such Holder to the Company by means of a notice given in accordance with the provisions of this Section 6(c), which address initially
is, with respect to the Representatives, the address set forth in the Purchase Agreement (ii) if to the Company, initially
at the Companys address set forth in the Purchase Agreement and thereafter at such other address, notice of which is given in accordance
with the provisions of this Section 6(c) and (iii) to such other persons at their respective addresses as provided in
the Purchase Agreement and thereafter at such other address, notice of which is given in accordance with the provisions of this Section 6(c).
All such notices and communications shall be deemed to have been duly given: at the time delivered by hand, if personally delivered
three Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, if mailed when answered back, if telexed when receipt
is acknowledged, if telecopied and on the next Business Day if timely delivered to an air courier guaranteeing overnight delivery.
Copies of all such notices, demands or other communications shall be concurrently delivered by the Person giving the same to the Trustee,
at the address specified in the Indenture.

(d) Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors, assigns and transferees of each of the
parties, including, without limitation and without the need for an express assignment, subsequent Holders provided that nothing
herein shall be deemed to permit any assignment, transfer or other disposition of Registrable Securities in violation of the terms of
the Purchase Agreement or the Indenture. If any transferee of any Holder shall acquire Registrable Securities in any manner, whether by
operation of law or otherwise, such Registrable Securities shall be held subject to all the terms of this Agreement, and by taking and
holding such Registrable Securities such Person shall be conclusively deemed to have agreed to be bound by and to perform all of the terms
and provisions of this Agreement and such Person shall be entitled to receive the benefits hereof. The Initial Purchasers (in their capacity
as Initial Purchasers) shall have no liability or obligation to the Company with respect to any failure by a Holder to comply with, or
any breach by any Holder of, any of the obligations of such Holder under this Agreement.

(e) Third
Party Beneficiaries. Each Holder shall be a third-party beneficiary to the agreements made hereunder between the Company and the Initial
Purchasers, and shall have the right to enforce such agreements directly to the extent it deems such enforcement necessary or advisable
to protect its rights or the rights of other Holders hereunder.

(f) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when
so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. The words execution,
signed and signature and words of like import in this Agreement or in any other certificate, agreement or
document related to this Agreement (to the extent permissible under governing documents) shall include images of manually executed signatures
transmitted by facsimile or other electronic format (including, without limitation, pdf, tif or jpg)
and other electronic signatures (including, without limitation, DocuSign and AdobeSign). The use of electronic signatures and electronic
records (including, without limitation, any contract or other record created, generated, sent, communicated, received or stored by electronic
means) shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based record-keeping
system to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, including, without limitation, the Electronic Signatures in Global and National
Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act and any other applicable law, including, without limitation, any
state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the Uniform Commercial Code.

18

(g) Headings.
The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, are not a part of this Agreement and shall not limit or otherwise
affect the meaning hereof.

(h) Governing
Law. This Agreement and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Agreement shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to applicable principles of conflicts of laws to the extent
the laws of another jurisdiction would be required thereby.

(i) Waiver
of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY SUIT OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.

(j) Entire
Agreement Severability. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof
and supersedes all oral statements and prior writings with respect thereto. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction contained
in this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable or against public policy, the remainder
of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions contained herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected,
impaired or invalidated. The Company and the Initial Purchasers shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the invalid, void
or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, void
or unenforceable provisions.

19

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

BGC GROUP, INC.

By: /s/ Jason W. Hauf

Name: Jason W. Hauf

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

Confirmed and accepted as of the date first written
above:

BOFA SECURITIES, INC 

By /s/ Zara Kwan 

Name: Zara Kwan 

Title: Managing Director 

CANTOR FITZGERALD & CO 

By: /s/ Christian Wall 

Name: Christian Wall 

Title: Co-CEO & Global Head of Fixed Income 

CITIZENS JMP SECURITIES, LLC 

By /s/ Michele Goodenough 

Name: Michele Goodenough 

Title: Managing Director 

PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC 

By /s/ Valerie Shadeck 

Name: Valerie Shadeck 

Title: Managing Director 

REGIONS SECURITIES LLC 

By /s/ Nicole Black 

Name: Nicole Black 

Title: Managing Director 

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC 

By /s/ Carolyn Hurley 

Name: Carolyn Hurley 

Title: Managing Director 

For themselves and as Representatives of the Initial
Purchasers

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>bgc-20250402.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>bgc-20250402_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>bgc-20250402_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 02, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 02, 2025

Entity File Number 01-35591

Entity Registrant Name BGC Group, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001094831

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-3748217

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 499 Park Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10022

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 610-2200

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Common Stock, $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol BGC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://bgcg.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bgc-20250402.xsd 
bgc-20250402_lab.xml 
bgc-20250402_pre.xml 
ea0236501-8k_bgc.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-028059-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ea0236501-8k_bgc_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001094831 

2025-04-02 
2025-04-02 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001094831 
8-K 
2025-04-02 
BGC Group, Inc. 
DE 
01-35591 
86-3748217 
499 Park Avenue 
New York 
NY 
10022 
212 
610-2200 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
BGC 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>