<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-009507.txt : 20250203
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-009507.hdr.sgml : 20250203
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250203170009
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-009507
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250128
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250203
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250203

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LiveOne, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001491419
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				980657263
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38249
		FILM NUMBER:		25583524

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		269 SOUTH BEVERLY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1450
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90212
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(310) 601-2505

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		269 SOUTH BEVERLY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1450
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90212

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LiveXLive Media, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170808

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LOTON, CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100507
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0229406-8k_liveone.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000149141900014914192025-01-282025-01-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 28, 2025

LIVEONE, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-38249 98-0657263

(State or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer 

Identification No.)

269 South Beverly Drive, Suite 1450

Beverly Hills, CA90212

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(310)
601-2505

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

n/a

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, $0.001 par value per share LVO The NASDAQ Capital Market

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
January 28, 2025, LiveOne, Inc. (the Company) entered into a new Business Loan Agreement (the Business Loan Agreement)
with East West Bank (the Senior Lender) to update certain terms of the Companys current credit facility with the
Senior Lender (the Credit Facility), including to reduce the principal amount outstanding under the Promissory Note (as
defined below) to $3,750,000, reflecting the Companys repayment of $3,250,000 of the principal amount to date, and to extend the
maturity date of the Promissory Note to November 20, 2025.

Borrowings
under the Credit Facility are subject to certain covenants as set forth in the Business Loan Agreement and bear interest at a rate equal
to the Money Rate column of The Wall Street Journal (Western Edition) as determined by the Senior Lender plus 2.50%, resulting
in the initial rate of 10.00%. The Company may prepay at any time without penalty all or a portion of the amount owed to the Senior Lender.
Pursuant to the Business Loan Agreement, the requirement that the Company and its related entities shall at all times maintain a certain
minimum cash deposit with the Senior Lender is maintained at $5,000,000. The Credit Facility continues to be collateralized by a first
lien on all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Business Loan Agreement includes various financial and other covenants
with which the Company has to comply in order to maintain borrowing availability, including maintaining required minimum liquidity amount
and Borrowing Base capacity.

Other
covenants include, but are not limited to, covenants limiting or restricting the Companys ability to incur indebtedness, incur
liens, enter into mergers or consolidations involving debt, dispose of assets, make loans and investments and pay dividends. The Business
Loan Agreement also contains customary events of default including, but not limited to, payment defaults, covenant defaults, cross-defaults
to other indebtedness, inaccuracy of representations and warranties, bankruptcy and insolvency events, defects in the Senior Lenders
security interest, change in control events and material adverse change. The occurrence of an event of default could result in the acceleration
of all obligations of the Company to the Senior Lender with respect to indebtedness, whether under the Business Loan Agreement or otherwise.

In
connection with the Business Loan Agreement, the Companys current Promissory Note, dated as of June 2, 2021, issued to the Senior
Lender in the original principal amount of $7,000,000 (the Promissory Note), as reduced by the repayment amounts discussed
above, continues in effect except as modified by the Business Loan Agreement and the Change in Terms Agreement, dated as of January 28,
2025 (the Change in Terms Agreement), entered into by the Company and the Senior Lender in connection with the Business
Loan Agreement. Pursuant to the Change in Terms Agreement, the Company agreed to repay the remaining outstanding principal amount of
the Promissory Note in 9 equal monthly payments of $400,000 each beginning February 20, 2025, and the final 10th payment of
$151,291.67 on November 20, 2025.

The
foregoing description of the Business Loan Agreement and the Change in Terms Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the full texts of the Business Loan Agreement, the Change in Terms Agreement and the Promissory Note
which are filed as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 4.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item
1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement.

The
information set forth in Item 1.01 above is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The
information set forth in Item 1.01 above is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number Description

4.1 Promissory Note, dated as of June 2, 2021, issued by the Company to East West Bank (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 11, 2021).

10.1* Business Loan Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2025, between the Company and East West Bank.

10.2* Change in Terms Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2025, between the Company and East West Bank.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Filed herewith.

1

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

LIVEONE, INC.

Date: February 3, 2025 By: /s/
Aaron Sullivan

Name: Aaron Sullivan

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022940601ex10-1_liveone.htm
<DESCRIPTION>BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 28, 2025, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND EAST WEST BANK
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT

Borrower: LIVEONE, INC. 

269 S. BEVERLY DR STE 1450

BEVERLY HILLS, CA 90212 Lender: East West Bank 

Loan Servicing Department 

9300 Flair Drive, 6th Floor 

El Monte, CA 91731

THIS BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT dated January
28, 2025, is made and executed between LIVEONE, INC. (Borrower) and East West Bank (Lender) on the following terms
and conditions. Borrower has received prior commercial loans from Lender or has applied to Lender for a commercial loan or loans or other
financial accommodations, including those which may be described on any exhibit or schedule attached to this Agreement. Borrower understands
and agrees that: (A) in granting, renewing, or extending any Loan, Lender is relying upon Borrowers representations, warranties, and
agreements as set forth in this Agreement; (B) the granting, renewing, or extending of any Loan by Lender at all times shall be subject
to Lenders sole judgment and discretion; and (C) all such Loans shall be and remain subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

TERM. This Agreement shall be effective
as of January 28, 2025, and shall continue in full force and effect until such time as all of Borrowers Loans in favor of Lender have
been paid in full, including principal, interest, costs, expenses, attorneys fees, and other fees and charges, or until such time as
the parties may agree in writing to terminate this Agreement. Advances under the Indebtedness, as well as directions for payment from
Borrowers accounts, may be requested either orally or in writing by Borrower. Lender may but need not require that all non-written requests
be confirmed in writing. Borrower agrees to be liable for all sums either: (A) advanced in accordance with the instructions of an authorized
person as described in the Advance Authority section below or (B) credited to any of Borrowers accounts with Lender.

ADVANCE AUTHORITY. The following
person or persons are authorized to request advances and authorize payments under the loan until Lender receives from Borrower, at
Lenders address shown above, written notice of revocation of such authority: ROBERT S. ELLIN, CEO of LIVEONE, INC. and AARON
SULLIVAN, CFO OF LIVEONE, INC.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO EACH ADVANCE. Lenders
obligation to make the initial Advance and each subsequent Advance under this Agreement shall be subject to the fulfillment to Lenders
satisfaction of all of the conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Related Documents.

Loan Documents. Borrower shall provide
to Lender the following documents for the Loan: (1) the Note; (2) Security Agreements granting to Lender security interests in the Collateral;
(3) financing statements and all other documents perfecting Lenders Security Interests; (4) evidence of insurance as required below;
(5) subordinations; (6) together with all such Related Documents as Lender may require for the Loan; all in form and substance satisfactory
to Lender and Lenders counsel.

Borrowers Authorization. Borrower shall
have provided in form and substance satisfactory to Lender properly certified resolutions, duly authorizing the execution and delivery
of this Agreement, the Note and the Related Documents. In addition, Borrower shall have provided such other resolutions, authorizations,
documents and instruments as Lender or its counsel, may require.

Payment of Fees and Expenses. Borrower
shall have paid to Lender all fees, charges, and other expenses which are then due and payable as specified in this Agreement or any Related
Document.

Representations and Warranties. The representations
and warranties set forth in this Agreement, in the Related Documents, and in any document or certificate delivered to Lender under this
Agreement are true and correct.

No Event of Default. There shall not exist
at the time of any Advance a condition which would constitute an Event of Default under this Agreement or under any Related Document.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Borrower
represents and warrants to Lender, as of the date of this Agreement, as of the date of each disbursement of loan proceeds, as of the
date of any renewal, extension or modification of any Loan, and at all times any Indebtedness exists:

Organization. Borrower is a corporation
for profit which is, and at all times shall be, duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under and by virtue of the laws
of the State of Delaware. Borrower is duly authorized to transact business in all other states in which Borrower is doing business, having
obtained all necessary filings, governmental licenses and approvals for each state in which Borrower is doing business, except where the
failure to be so authorized or obtain necessary filings, governmental licenses and approvals would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Corporations business or financial condition. Specifically, Borrower
is, and at all times shall be, duly qualified as a foreign corporation in all states in which the failure to so qualify would have a material
adverse effect on its business or financial condition. Borrower has the full power and authority to own its properties and to transact
the business in which it is presently engaged or presently proposes to engage. Borrower maintains an office at 269 S. BEVERLY DR STE 1450,
BEVERLY HILLS, CA 90212. Unless Borrower has designated otherwise in writing, the principal office is the office at which Borrower keeps
its books and records including its records concerning the Collateral. Borrower will notify Lender prior to any change in the location
of Borrowers state of organization or any change in Borrowers name. Borrower shall do all things necessary to preserve and to keep in
full force and effect its existence, rights and privileges, and shall comply with all regulations, rules, ordinances, statutes, orders
and decrees of any governmental or quasi-governmental authority or court applicable to Borrower and Borrowers business activities.

Loan No. 769623758 Page 1 of 15

Assumed Business Names. Borrower has filed
or recorded all documents or filings required by law relating to all assumed business names used by Borrower. Excluding the name of Borrower,
the following is a complete list of all assumed business names under which Borrower does business: None.

Authorization. Borrowers execution,
delivery, and performance of this Agreement and all the Related Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary action by
Borrower and do not conflict with, result in a violation of, or constitute a default under (1) any provision of (a) Borrowers
articles of incorporation or organization, or bylaws, or (b) any agreement or other instrument binding upon Borrower or (2) any law,
governmental regulation, court decree, or order applicable to Borrower or to Borrowers properties.

Financial Information. Each of Borrowers
financial statements supplied to Lender truly and completely disclosed Borrowers financial condition as of the date of the statement,
and there has been no material adverse change in Borrowers financial condition subsequent to the date of the most recent financial statement
supplied to Lender except as disclosed by Borrower in its reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC Reports).
Borrower has no material contingent obligations except as disclosed in such financial statements or as provided in the SEC Reports.

Legal Effect. This Agreement constitutes,
and any instrument or agreement Borrower is required to give under this Agreement when delivered will constitute legal, valid, and binding
obligations of Borrower enforceable against Borrower in accordance with their respective terms.

Properties. Except as contemplated by this
Agreement or as previously disclosed in Borrowers financial statements or in writing to Lender and as accepted by Lender, and except
for property tax liens for taxes not presently due and payable, Borrower owns and has good title to all of Borrowers properties free
and clear of all Security Interests, and has not executed any security documents or financing statements relating to such properties.
Except as disclosed in writing to the Lender or as provided in the SEC Reports, all of Borrowers properties are titled in Borrowers
legal name, and Borrower has not used or filed a financing statement under any other name for at least the last five (5) years.

Hazardous Substances.
Except as disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writing, Borrower represents and warrants that: (1) During the period of
Borrowers ownership of the Collateral, there has been no use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release or
threatened release of any Hazardous Substance by any person on, under, about or from any of the Collateral. (2) Borrower has no
knowledge of, or reason to believe that there has been (a) any breach or violation of any Environmental Laws; (b) any use,
generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Substance on, under, about or
from the Collateral by any prior owners or occupants of any of the Collateral; or (c) any actual or threatened litigation or claims
of any kind by any person relating to such matters. (3) Neither Borrower nor any tenant, contractor, agent or other authorized user
of any of the Collateral shall use, generate, manufacture, store, treat, dispose of or release any Hazardous Substance on, under,
about or from any of the Collateral; and any such activity shall be conducted in compliance with all applicable federal, state, and
local laws, regulations, and ordinances, including without limitation all Environmental Laws. Borrower authorizes Lender and its
agents to enter upon the Collateral to make such inspections and tests as Lender may deem appropriate to determine compliance of the
Collateral with this section of the Agreement. Any inspections or tests made by Lender shall be at Borrowers expense and for
Lenders purposes only and shall not be construed to create any responsibility or liability on the part of Lender to Borrower or to
any other person. The representations and warranties contained herein are based on Borrowers due diligence in investigating the
Collateral for hazardous waste and Hazardous Substances. Borrower hereby (1) releases and waives any future claims against Lender
for indemnity or contribution in the event Borrower becomes liable for cleanup or other costs under any such laws, and (2) agrees to
indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Lender against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, penalties, and expenses which
Lender may directly or indirectly sustain or suffer resulting from a breach of this section of the Agreement or as a consequence of
any use, generation, manufacture, storage, disposal, release or threatened release of a hazardous waste or substance on the
Collateral. The provisions of this section of the Agreement, including the obligation to indemnify and defend, shall survive the
payment of the Indebtedness and the termination, expiration or satisfaction of this Agreement and shall not be affected by Lenders
acquisition of any interest in any of the Collateral, whether by foreclosure or otherwise.

Litigation and Claims. No litigation, claim,
investigation, administrative proceeding or similar action (including those for unpaid taxes) against Borrower is pending or to its knowledge
threatened, and no other event has occurred which may materially adversely affect Borrowers financial condition or properties, other
than litigation, claims, or other events, if any, that have been disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writing or as disclosed in
the SEC Reports.

Taxes. To the best of Borrowers knowledge,
all of Borrowers tax returns and reports that are or were required to be filed, have been filed, and all taxes, assessments and other
governmental charges have been paid in full, except those presently being or to be contested by Borrower in good faith in the ordinary
course of business and for which adequate reserves have been provided.

Lien Priority. Unless otherwise previously
disclosed to Lender in writing or as disclosed in the SEC Reports, Borrower has not entered into or granted any Security Agreements, or
permitted the filing or attachment of any Security Interests on or affecting any of the Collateral directly or indirectly securing repayment
of Borrowers Loan and Note, that would be prior or that may in any way be superior to Lenders Security Interests and rights in and to
such Collateral.

Binding Effect. This Agreement, the Note,
all Security Agreements (if any), and all Related Documents are binding upon the signers thereof, as well as upon their successors, representatives
and assigns, and are legally enforceable in accordance with their respective terms.

Certification of Beneficial Owner(s). If
Borrower is requested by Lender to provide a Certification of Beneficial Owner(s), the information included in the Certification of Beneficial
Owner(s) is true and correct in all respects. Certification of Beneficial Owner(s) means a certification regarding beneficial
ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, which certification shall be substantially in form and substance satisfactory
to Lender. Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

Loan No. 769623758 Page 2 of 15

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS. Borrower covenants
and agrees with Lender that, so long as this Agreement remains in effect, Borrower will:

Notices of Claims and Litigation. Promptly
inform Lender in writing of (1) all material adverse changes in Borrowers financial condition, and (2) all existing and all threatened
litigation, claims, investigations, administrative proceedings or similar actions affecting Borrower or any Guarantor which could materially
affect the financial condition of Borrower or the financial condition of any Guarantor.

Financial Records. Maintain its books and
records in accordance with GAAP, or an OCBOA acceptable to Lender, applied on a consistent basis, and permit Lender to examine and audit
Borrowers books and records at all reasonable times with prior reasonable notice.

Financial Statements. Furnish Lender with the following:

Additional Requirements. Borrower understands
and agrees that while this Agreement is in effect, Borrower will maintain a financial condition indicated by the following statements
at all times, unless otherwise noted:

Compliance Certificate. At the time Borrower
provides Lender with each quarterly and/or annually required financial statements stated above, Borrower shall also provide Lender with
a compliance certificate in the form attached to this Agreement, including Schedule 1 to the compliance certificate.

Annual Statements. As soon as available,
but in no event later than one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each fiscal year (subject to any applicable SEC extension utilized
by Borrower), Borrower shall provide Lender with Borrowers balance sheet, income and expense statements, reconciliation of net worth
and statement of cash flows, with notes thereto for the year ended, in such form as reported by Borrower with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC), audited by Borrowers then independent registered accounting firm.

Interim Statements. As soon as available,
but in no event later than thirty (30) days after the end of each month. Borrower shall provide Lender with Borrowers balance sheet,
income and expense statements, reconciliation of net worth and statement of cash flows, with notes thereto for the period ended, in such
form as reported by Borrower with the SEC, prepared by Borrower.

All financial reports required to be provided
under this Agreement shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP, or an OCBOA acceptable to Lender, applied on a consistent basis, and certified
by Borrower as being true and correct.

Additional Information. Furnish such additional information
and statements, as Lender may request from time to time.

Financial Covenants and Ratios. Comply with the following covenants
and ratios:

Additional Requirements. Borrower understands
and agrees that while this Agreement is in effect, Borrower will maintain a financial condition indicated by the following ratios at all
times, unless otherwise noted:

Liquidity. Maintain unencumbered Liquid
Assets with a cash value of not less than $5,000,000.00, except for such encumbrances that Borrower has disclosed to Lender or as disclosed
in the SEC Reports. The words Liquid Assets shall mean, as of the date of determination thereof, cash on hand, plus the value
of marketable securities, minus the value of restricted retirement assets and minus the amount of any margined loans, tested at the end
of each month.

Except as provided above, all computations made
to determine compliance with the requirements contained in this paragraph shall be made in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, applied on a consistent basis, and certified by Borrower as being true and correct.

Insurance. Maintain fire and other risk
insurance, public liability insurance, and such other insurance as Lender may require with respect to Borrowers properties and operations,
in form, amounts, coverages and with insurance companies acceptable to Lender. Borrower, upon request of Lender, will deliver to Lender
from time to time the policies or certificates of insurance in form satisfactory to Lender, including stipulations that coverages will
not be cancelled or diminished without at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to Lender. Each insurance policy also shall include
an endorsement providing that coverage in favor of Lender will not be impaired in any way by any act, omission or default of Borrower
or any other person. In connection with all policies covering assets in which Lender holds or is offered a security interest for the Loans,
Borrower will provide Lender with such lenders loss payable or other endorsements as Lender may require.

Insurance Reports. Furnish to Lender, upon
request of Lender, reports on each existing insurance policy showing such information as Lender may reasonably request, including without
limitation the following: (1) the name of the insurer; (2) the risks insured; (3) the amount of the policy; (4) the properties insured;
(5) the then current property values on the basis of which insurance has been obtained, and the manner of determining those values; and
(6) the expiration date of the policy. In addition, upon request of Lender (however not more often than annually), Borrower will have
an independent appraiser satisfactory to Lender determine, as applicable, the actual cash value or replacement cost of any Collateral.
The cost of such appraisal shall be paid by Borrower.

Subordination. Prior to disbursement of
any Loan proceeds, deliver to Lender a subordination agreement on Lenders forms, executed by Borrowers creditor named below, subordinating
all of Borrowers indebtedness to such creditor, or such lesser amount as may be agreed to by Lender in writing, and any security interests
in collateral securing that indebtedness to the Loans and security interests of Lender. Lender acknowledges that such subordination agreement
with Capchase Inc. has been delivered to Lender prior to the date of this Agreement.

Loan No. 769623758 Page 3 of 15

Name of Creditor Total 

Amount of

Debt 

Capchase Inc. $ 1,700,000.00 

Other Agreements. Comply with all
terms and conditions of all other agreements, whether now or hereafter existing, between Borrower and any other party and notify
Lender immediately in writing of any default in connection with any other such agreements.

Loan Proceeds. Use all Loan proceeds solely
for Borrowers business operations and general working capital, unless specifically consented to the contrary by Lender in writing.

Taxes, Charges and Liens. Pay and discharge
when due all of its indebtedness and obligations, including without limitation all assessments, taxes, governmental charges, levies and
liens, of every kind and nature, imposed upon Borrower or its properties, income, or profits, prior to the date on which penalties would
attach, and all lawful claims that, if unpaid, might become a lien or charge upon any of Borrowers properties, income, or profits. Provided
however, Borrower will not be required to pay and discharge any such assessment, tax, charge, levy, lien or claim so long as (1) the legality
of the same shall be contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (2) Borrower shall have established on Borrowers books adequate
reserves with respect to such contested assessment, tax, charge, levy, lien, or claim in accordance with GAAP or an OCBOA acceptable to
Lender, and (3) any assessment, tax, charge, levy, lien or claim upon any of Borrowers properties, income, or profits as disclosed in
the SEC Reports as of the date of this Agreement.

Performance. Perform and comply, in a timely
manner, with all terms, conditions, and provisions set forth in this Agreement, in the Related Documents, and in all other instruments
and agreements between Borrower and Lender. Borrower shall notify Lender promptly in writing of any default in connection with any agreement.

Operations. Maintain executive and management
personnel with substantially the same qualifications and experience as the present executive and management personnel; provide written
notice to Lender of any change in executive and management personnel; conduct its business affairs in a reasonable and prudent manner.

Environmental Studies. Promptly conduct
and complete, at Borrowers expense, all such investigations, studies, samplings and testings as may be requested by Lender or any governmental
authority relative to any substance, or any waste or by-product of any substance defined as toxic or a hazardous substance under applicable
federal, state, or local law, rule, regulation, order or directive, at or affecting any property or any facility owned, leased or used
by Borrower.

Compliance with Governmental Requirements.
Comply with all laws, ordinances, and regulations, now or hereafter in effect, of all governmental authorities applicable to the conduct
of Borrowers properties, businesses and operations, and to the use or occupancy of the Collateral, including without limitation, the
Americans With Disabilities Act. Borrower may contest in good faith any such law, ordinance, or regulation and withhold compliance during
any proceeding, including appropriate appeals, so long as Borrower has notified Lender in writing prior to doing so and so long as, in
Lenders sole opinion, Lenders interests in the Collateral are not jeopardized. Lender may require Borrower to post adequate security
or a surety bond, reasonably satisfactory to Lender, to protect Lenders interest.

Beneficial Ownership Information. Comply
with all beneficial ownership information reporting requirements of the Corporate Transparency Act and its implementing regulations (collectively
the CTA), if applicable to that Borrower. Any Borrower that is or becomes a reporting company as defined in the CTA: (1) has filed, or
will file within required timeframes a complete and accurate report of its beneficial ownership information with the Financial Crimes
Enforcement Network (FinCEN) as required by the CTA; (2) will update or correct its beneficial ownership information with FinCEN within
required timeframes upon any change in its beneficial ownership information; (3) will provide Lender with a copy of its beneficial ownership
information report filed with FinCEN upon request; (4) consents to allow Lender to obtain from FinCEN beneficial ownership information
filed by Borrower; and (5) will notify Lender in writing of any change in its beneficial ownership information within 30 days of such
change.

Inspection. Permit employees or agents
of Lender at any reasonable time, with prior written notice to Borrower, to inspect any and all Collateral for the Loan or Loans and Borrowers
other properties and to examine or audit Borrowers books, accounts, and records and to make copies and memoranda of Borrowers books,
accounts, and records. If Borrower now or at any time hereafter maintains any records (including without limitation computer generated
records and computer software programs for the generation of such records) in the possession of a third party, Borrower, upon request
of Lender, shall notify such party to permit Lender free access to such records at all reasonable times and to provide Lender with copies
of any records it may request, all at Borrowers expense.

Environmental Compliance and Reports. Borrower
shall comply in all respects with any and all Environmental Laws; not cause or permit to exist, as a result of an intentional or unintentional
action or omission on Borrowers part or on the part of any third party, on property owned and/or occupied by Borrower, any environmental
activity where damage may result to the environment, unless such environmental activity is pursuant to and in compliance with the conditions
of a permit issued by the appropriate federal, state or local governmental authorities; shall furnish to Lender promptly and in any event
within thirty (30) days after receipt thereof a copy of any notice, summons, lien, citation, directive, letter or other communication
from any governmental agency or instrumentality concerning any intentional or unintentional action or omission on Borrowers part in connection
with any environmental activity whether or not there is damage to the environment and/or other natural resources.

Loan No. 769623758 Page 4 of 15

Additional Assurances. Make, execute and
deliver to Lender such promissory notes, mortgages, deeds of trust, security agreements, assignments, financing statements, instruments,
documents and other agreements as Lender or its attorneys may reasonably request to evidence and secure the Loans and to perfect all Security
Interests.

Depository Relationship. Maintain one or
more deposit account(s) at Lender.

Compliance with Know Your Customer
Requirements. Promptly following any request therefor, Borrower shall provide information and documentation reasonably requested by
Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer requirements under the PATRIOT Act, the Beneficial
Ownership Regulation or other applicable anti-money laundering laws, including but not limited to a Certificate of Beneficial Owner(s)
acceptable to Lender if applicable.

RECOVERY OF ADDITIONAL COSTS. If the imposition
of or any change in any law, rule, regulation, guideline, or generally accepted accounting principle, or the interpretation or application
of any thereof by any court, administrative or governmental authority, or standard-setting organization (including any request or policy
not having the force of law) shall impose, modify or make applicable any taxes (except federal, state or local income or franchise taxes
imposed on Lender), reserve requirements, capital adequacy requirements or other obligations which would (A) increase the cost to Lender
for extending or maintaining the credit facilities to which this Agreement relates, (B) reduce the amounts payable to Lender under this
Agreement or the Related Documents, or (C) reduce the rate of return on Lenders capital as a consequence of Lenders obligations with
respect to the credit facilities to which this Agreement relates, then Borrower agrees to pay Lender such additional amounts as will compensate
Lender therefor, within fifteen (15) days after Lenders written demand for such payment, which demand shall be accompanied by an explanation
of such imposition or charge and a calculation in reasonable detail of the additional amounts payable by Borrower, which explanation and
calculations shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error.

LENDERS EXPENDITURES. If any action
or proceeding is commenced that would materially affect Lenders interest in the Collateral or if Borrower fails to comply with any
provision of this Agreement or any Related Documents, including but not limited to Borrowers failure to discharge or pay when due
any amounts Borrower is required to discharge or pay under this Agreement or any Related Documents, Lender on Borrowers behalf may
(but shall not be obligated to) take any action that Lender deems appropriate, including but not limited to discharging or paying
all taxes, liens, security interests, encumbrances and other claims, at any time after the date of this Agreement levied or placed
on any Collateral and paying all costs for insuring, maintaining and preserving any Collateral. All such expenditures incurred or
paid by Lender for such purposes will then bear interest at the rate charged under the Note from the date incurred or paid by Lender
to the date of repayment by Borrower. All such expenses will become a part of the Indebtedness and, at Lenders option, will (A) be
payable on demand; (B) be added to the balance of the Note and be apportioned among and be payable with any installment payments to
become due during either (1) the term of any applicable insurance policy; or (2) the remaining term of the Note; or (C) be treated
as a balloon payment which will be due and payable at the Notes maturity.

NEGATIVE COVENANTS. Borrower covenants
and agrees with Lender that while this Agreement is in effect, Borrower shall not, without the prior written consent of Lender:

Indebtedness and Liens. (1) Except for
trade debt incurred in the normal course of business and indebtedness to Lender contemplated by this Agreement, create, incur or assume
indebtedness for borrowed money, including finance leases, (2) sell, transfer, mortgage, assign, pledge, lease, grant a security interest
in, or encumber any of Borrowers assets (except as allowed as Permitted Liens), or (3) sell with recourse any of Borrowers accounts
receivable, except to Lender.

Continuity of Operations. (1) Except as
disclosed in writing by Borrower to Lender as of the date of this Agreement or as disclosed in the SEC Reports, engage in any business
activities substantially different than those in which Borrower is presently engaged, (2) cease operations, liquidate, merge or restructure
as a legal entity (whether by division or otherwise), consolidate with or acquire any other entity, change its name, convert to another
type of entity or redomesticate, dissolve or transfer or sell Collateral out of the ordinary course of business, or (3) pay any dividends
on Borrowers stock (other than dividends payable in its stock), provided, however that notwithstanding the foregoing, but only so long
as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the payment of dividends, if Borrower is a Subchapter
S Corporation (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended), Borrower may pay cash dividends on its stock to its
shareholders from time to time in amounts necessary to enable the shareholders to pay income taxes and make estimated income tax payments
to satisfy their liabilities under federal and state law which arise solely from their status as Shareholders of a Subchapter S Corporation
because of their ownership of shares of Borrowers stock, or purchase or retire any of Borrowers outstanding shares or alter or amend
Borrowers capital structure.

Loans, Acquisitions and Guaranties. (1) Loan, invest in or advance money or assets to any other person, enterprise
or entity, other than in the ordinary course of business, (2) purchase, create or acquire any interest in any other enterprise or entity,
other than in the ordinary course of business or in consideration of equity and/or payment obligation of Borrower, or (3) incur any obligation
as surety or guarantor other than in the ordinary course of business.

Loan No. 769623758 Page 5 of 15

Agreements. Enter into any agreement containing
any material provisions which would be violated or breached by the performance of Borrowers obligations under this Agreement or in connection
herewith.

CESSATION OF ADVANCES. If Lender has made
any commitment to make any Loan to Borrower, whether under this Agreement or under any other agreement, Lender shall have no obligation
to make Loan Advances or to disburse Loan proceeds if: (A) Borrower or any Guarantor is in default under the terms of this Agreement or
any of the Related Documents or any other agreement that Borrower or any Guarantor has with Lender; (B) Borrower or any Guarantor dies,
becomes incompetent or becomes insolvent, files a petition in bankruptcy or similar proceedings, or is adjudged a bankrupt; (C) there
occurs a material adverse change in Borrowers financial condition, in the financial condition of any Guarantor, or in the value of any
Collateral securing any Loan; or (D) any Guarantor seeks, claims or otherwise attempts to limit, modify or revoke such Guarantors guaranty
of the Loan or any other loan with Lender.

RIGHT OF SETOFF. To the extent permitted
by applicable law, Lender reserves a right of setoff in all Borrowers accounts with Lender (whether checking, savings, or some other
account). This includes all accounts Borrower holds jointly with someone else and all accounts Borrower may open in the future. However,
this does not include any IRA or Keogh accounts, or any trust accounts for which setoff would be prohibited by law. Borrower authorizes
Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to charge or setoff all sums actually owing on the Indebtedness against any and all
such accounts.

DEFAULT. Each of the following shall constitute
an Event of Default under this Agreement:

Payment Default. Borrower fails to make
any payment when due under the Loan.

Other Defaults. Borrower fails to comply
with or to perform any other term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any of the Related Documents or
to comply with or to perform any term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in any other agreement between Lender and Borrower.

Default in Favor of Third Parties. Borrower
or any Grantor defaults under any loan, extension of credit, security agreement, purchase or sales agreement, or any other agreement,
in favor of any other creditor or person that may materially affect any of Borrowers or any Grantors property or Borrowers or any Grantors
ability to repay the Loans or perform their respective obligations under this Agreement or any of the Related Documents.

False Statements. Any warranty, representation
or statement made or furnished to Lender by Borrower or on Borrowers behalf under this Agreement or the Related Documents is false or
misleading in any material respect, either now or at the time made or furnished or becomes false or misleading at any time thereafter.

Insolvency. The dissolution or termination
of Borrowers existence as a going business, the insolvency of Borrower, the appointment of a receiver for any part of Borrowers property,
any assignment for the benefit of creditors, any type of creditor workout, or the commencement of any proceeding under any bankruptcy
or insolvency laws by or against Borrower

Defective Collateralization. This Agreement
or any of the Related Documents ceases to be in full force and effect (including failure of any collateral document to create a valid
and perfected security interest or lien) at any time and for any reason.

Loan No. 769623758 Page 6 of 15

Creditor or Forfeiture Proceedings. Commencement
of foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings, whether by judicial proceeding, self-help, repossession or any other method, by any creditor
of Borrower or by any governmental agency against any collateral securing the Loan. This includes a garnishment of any of Borrowers accounts,
including deposit accounts, with Lender. However, this Event of Default shall not apply if there is a good faith dispute by Borrower as
to the validity or reasonableness of the claim which is the basis of the creditor or forfeiture proceeding and if Borrower gives Lender
written notice of the creditor or forfeiture proceeding and deposits with Lender monies or a surety bond for the creditor or forfeiture
proceeding, in an amount determined by Lender, in its sole discretion, as being an adequate reserve or bond for the dispute.

Events Affecting Guarantor. Any of the
preceding events occurs with respect to any Guarantor of any of the Indebtedness or any Guarantor dies or becomes incompetent, or revokes
or disputes the validity of, or liability under, any Guaranty of the Indebtedness. This paragraph shall not apply to CUSTOM PERSONALIZATION
SOLUTIONS, INC. and LIVEXLIVE PR, INC.

Change in Ownership. Any change in ownership
of twenty-five percent 25%) or more of the common stock of Borrower.

Adverse Change. A material adverse change
occurs in Borrowers financial condition, or Lender reasonably believes the prospect of payment or performance of the Loan is impaired.
This paragraph shall not apply to CUSTOM PERSONALIZATION SOLUTIONS, INC. and LIVEXLIVE PR, INC.

Right to Cure. If any default, other than
a default on Indebtedness, is curable and if Borrower or Grantor, as the case may be, has not been given a notice of a similar default
within the preceding twelve (12) months (commencing on the date of this Agreement), it may be cured if Borrower or Grantor, as the case
may be, after Lender sends written notice to Borrower or Grantor, as the case may be, demanding cure of such default: (1) cure the default
within twenty (20) days of receipt of such notice; or (2) if the cure requires more than twenty (20) days from receipt of such notice,
immediately initiate steps which Lender deems in Lenders sole discretion to be sufficient to cure the default and thereafter continue
and complete all reasonable and necessary steps sufficient to produce compliance as soon as reasonably practical.

Other Defaults Modified. Notwithstanding
the section above entitled Other Defaults, Borrower fails to comply with or to perform any other term, obligation, covenant
or condition contained in this Note or Agreement or in any of the Related Documents between Lender and Borrower; or any shareholder, member,
trustor, or any owner of the Borrower also holding a controlling interest in any given entitys common stock, membership interest,
trust interest, or any other ownership interest (Related Entity), fails to comply with or to perform any other term, obligation,
covenant or condition contained in any other agreement between Lender and the Related Entity.

EFFECT OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT. If any Event
of Default shall occur and after any applicable cure period, except where otherwise provided in this Agreement or the Related Documents,
all commitments and obligations of Lender under this Agreement or the Related Documents or any other agreement immediately will terminate
(including any obligation to make further Loan Advances or disbursements), and, at Lenders option, all Indebtedness immediately will
become due and payable, all without notice of any kind to Borrower, except that in the case of an Event of Default of the type described
in the Insolvency subsection above, such acceleration shall be automatic and not optional. In addition, Lender shall have
all the rights and remedies provided in the Related Documents or available at law, in equity, or otherwise. Except as may be prohibited
by applicable law, all of Lenders rights and remedies shall be cumulative and may be exercised singularly or concurrently. Election by
Lender to pursue any remedy shall not exclude pursuit of any other remedy, and an election to make expenditures or to take action to perform
an obligation of Borrower or of any Grantor shall not affect Lenders right to declare a default and to exercise its rights and remedies.

Loan No. 769623758 Page 7 of 15

ELECTRONIC INSTRUCTIONS. Borrower
desires to apply for Advances and instruct Lender regarding all other aspects of the Loan electronically, including but not limited
to by electronic mail, internet, telex, telefax, facsimile and/or telecopy. Borrower agrees that Lender may act in accordance with
electronically transmitted applications and instructions (Electronic Instructions) subject to the following provisions:
1) Borrowers Electronic Instructions must be sent to Lender electronically only by means of such services and in such format(s) as
may be approved from time to time by Lender in its sole discretion; 2) Borrower will provide to Lender, in writing and duly signed
by Borrower, any reasonable security or verification procedures, and Lender may require additional security or verification
procedures in its sole discretion; 3) Borrower hereby authorizes and instructs Lender to take all actions requested in any and all
Electronic Instructions and agrees that each such Electronic Instruction will be deemed an original and, if sent in lieu of manually
signed instructions, will be deemed to incorporate al l of the terms and provisions of the Lenders standard form or format, if any,
for such instructions; 4) Borrower recognizes and agrees that it will be obligated for any loan advance request and/or instruction
pursuant to Electronic Instructions to the same extent as if such advance request and/or instruction were provided pursuant to
Lenders standard form or Lender approved format(s) manually signed by Borrower; 5) Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold harmless
Lender, its officers, directors, employees and affiliates against any and all liability, loss, cost, damages, attorneys fees and
other expenses which Lender may incur in reliance upon and pursuant to any and all of the Electronic Instructions received by Lender
and purported to be sent by Borrower; 6) Lender is not responsible for checking electronic communications devices on a regular
basis, and Borrower will make arrangements to assure Electronic Instructions have been sent to a current employee of Lender, and the
employee of Lender has received and read the Electronic Instructions; 7) Lender is not responsible for delays, errors or omissions
resulting from malfunction of electronic communications devices or from other conditions beyond the control of Lender; and 8) Lender
is not responsible for misuse of or wrongful access to electronic communications devices by Borrowers representatives and employees
nor for any delay in acting on Electronic Instructions caused by Electronic Instructions which Lender deems to be uncertain or
unclear or incomplete.

USA PATRIOT ACT. Lender hereby notifies
Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the
Act), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies Borrower, which information includes the name
and address of Borrower and other information that will allow Lender to identify Borrower in accordance with the Act. Borrower shall,
promptly following a request by Lender, provide all documentation and other information that Lender requests in order to comply with its
ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Act.
For legal entity borrowers, Lender will require the legal entity to provide identifying information about each beneficial owner and/or
individuals who have significant responsibility to control, manage or direct the legal entity.

OPERATING ACCOUNT/AUTOMATIC PAYMENTS. At
all times while this Agreement is in effect, Borrower shall maintain its primary operating account with Lender (Operating Account).
All payments due under the Note shall be automatically deducted from the Operating Account with monthly statements provided to Borrower
upon written request. If the funds in the Operating Account are insufficient to cover any payment, Lender shall not be obligated to advance
funds to cover the payment. In addition, Borrower shall execute in favor of Lender any other agreement or document required by Lender
in connection with establishing the automatic payments as provided in this section.

Loan No. 769623758 Page 8 of 15

CHOICE OF VENUE. If there is a lawsuit,
the undersigned, and if more than one, each of the undersigned, agree upon Lenders request to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts
of Los Angeles County, State of California.

ORAL AGREEMENTS NOT EFFECTIVE. This Note
or Agreement embodies the entire agreement and understanding between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and
supersedes all prior oral or written negotiations, agreements and understandings of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof
and shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms and conditions. Moreover, any subsequent oral statements, negotiations,
agreements or understandings of the parties shall not be effective against Lender unless (i) expressly stated in writing, (ii) duly approved
and authorized by an appropriate decision making committee of Lender on such terms and conditions as such committee shall deem necessary
or appropriate in the committees sole and absolute opinion and judgment and (iii) executed by an authorized officer of Lender.
Borrower shall not rely or act on any oral statements, negotiations, agreements or understandings between the parties at any time whatsoever,
including before or during any Lender approval process stated above. Borrower acknowledges and agrees that Borrower shall be responsible
for its own actions, including any detrimental reliance on any oral statements, negotiations, agreements or understandings between the
parties and that Lender shall not be liable for any possible claims, counterclaims, demands, actions, causes of action, damages, costs,
expenses and liability whatsoever, known or unknown, anticipated or unanticipated, suspected or unsuspected, at law or in equity, originating
in whole or in part in connection with any oral statements, negotiations, agreements or understandings between the parties which the Borrower
may now or hereafter claim against the Lender. Neither this Note or Agreement nor any other Related Document, nor any terms hereof or
thereof may be amended, supplemented or modified except in accordance with the provisions of this section. Lender may from time to time,
(a) enter into with Borrower written amendments, supplements or modifications hereto and to the Related Documents or (b) waive, on such
terms and conditions as Lender may specify in such instrument, any of the requirements of this Note or Agreement or the Related Documents
or any Event Default and its consequences, if, but only if, such amendment, supplement, modification or waiver is (i) expressly stated
in writing, (ii) duly approved and authorized by an appropriate decision making committee of Lender on such terms and conditions as such
committee shall deem necessary or appropriate in the committees sole and absolute opinion and judgment and (iii) executed by an
authorized officer of Lender. Then such amendment, supplement, modification or waiver shall be effective only in the specific instance
and specific purpose for which given.

JUDICIAL REFERENCE. If the waiver of the
right to a trial by jury is not enforceable, the parties hereto agree that any and all disputes or controversies of any nature between
them arising at any time shall be decided by a reference to a private judge, who shall be a retired state or federal court judge, mutually
selected by the parties or, if they cannot agree, then any party may seek to have a private judge appointed in accordance with California
Code of Civil Procedure 638 and 640 (or pursuant to comparable provisions of federal law if the dispute falls within the
exclusive jurisdiction of the federal courts). The reference proceedings shall be conducted pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions
of California Code of Civil Procedure 638 through 645.1, inclusive. The private judge shall have the power, among others,
to grant provisional relief, including without limitation, entering temporary restraining orders, issuing preliminary and permanent injunctions
and appointing receivers. All such proceedings shall be closed to the public and confidential and all records relating thereto shall be
permanently sealed. If during the course of any dispute, a party desires to seek provisional relief, but a judge has not been appointed
at that point pursuant to the judicial reference procedures, then such party may apply to the Court for such relief. The proceeding before
the private judge shall be conducted in the same manner as it would be before a court under the rules of evidence applicable to judicial
proceedings. The parties shall be entitled to discovery which shall be conducted in the same manner as it would be before a court under
the rules of discovery applicable to judicial proceedings. The private judge shall oversee discovery and may enforce all discovery rules
and orders applicable to judicial proceedings in the same manner as a trial court
judge. The parties agree that the selected or appointed private judge shall have the power to decide all issues in the action or proceeding,
whether of fact or of law, and shall report a statement of decision thereon pursuant to California Code of Civil Procedure 644(a).
Nothing in this paragraph shall limit the right of any party at any time to exercise self-help remedies, foreclose against collateral,
or obtain provisional remedies. The private judge shall also determine all issues relating to the applicability, interpretation, and enforceability
of this paragraph.

Loan No. 769623758 Page 9 of 15

The parties agree that time is of the essence
in conducting the referenced proceedings. The parties shall promptly and diligently cooperate with one another and the referee, and shall
perform such acts as may be necessary to obtain prompt and expeditious resolution of the dispute or controversy in accordance with the
terms hereof. The costs shall be borne equally by the parties.

COUNTERPARTS; ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES. This
Note or Agreement and all other Related Documents may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts,
each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute
but one and the same Note, Agreement or Related Documents, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature,
delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Note or Agreement and all other Related Documents and the transactions
contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures (as defined below), deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic
form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery
thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be. As used herein, Electronic Signatures
means any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with, any contract or other record and adopted by a person with the
intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. If any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery
of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing this
Note or Agreement and all other Related Documents (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if
such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original hereof or thereof.

MINIMUM DEPOSIT. Borrower and related entities
shall at all times maintain the following minimum deposit with Lender in the amount of $5,000,000.00. If Borrower fails to maintain the
minimum deposit amounts for the applicable periods stated herein, Borrower may cure this violation by depositing such amounts required
to bring the minimum deposit into compliance within 20 days from the date of such violation, unless otherwise permitted by Lender in writing
(email shall suffice).

PRIOR LOAN AGREEMENT. This Loan Agreement
supersedes, replaces and restates in its entirety that certain Business Loan Agreement dated August 22, 2023, entered into between Borrower
and Lender, together with all modifications thereto (the Prior Loan Agreement). The Prior Loan Agreement shall have no further
force and effect.

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. The following
miscellaneous provisions are a part of this Agreement:

Amendments. This Agreement, together with
any Related Documents, constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of the parties as to the matters set forth in this Agreement.
No alteration of or amendment to this Agreement shall be effective unless given in writing and signed by the party or parties sought to
be charged or bound by the alteration or amendment.

Attorneys Fees; Expenses. Borrower agrees
to pay upon demand all of Lenders costs and expenses, including Lenders reasonable attorneys fees and Lenders reasonable legal expenses,
incurred in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement. Lender may hire or pay someone else to help enforce this Agreement, and
Borrower shall pay the costs and expenses of such enforcement. Costs and expenses include Lenders attorneys fees and legal expenses
whether or not there is a lawsuit, including attorneys fees and legal expenses for bankruptcy proceedings (including efforts to modify
or vacate any automatic stay or injunction), appeals, and any anticipated post-judgment collection services. Borrower also shall pay all
court costs and such additional fees as may be directed by the court.

Loan No. 769623758 Page 10 of 15

Caption Headings. Caption headings in this
Agreement are for convenience purposes only and are not to be used to interpret or define the provisions of this Agreement.

Consent to Loan Participation. Borrower
agrees and consents to Lenders sale or transfer, whether now or later, of one or more participation interests in the Loan to one or more
purchasers, whether related or unrelated to Lender. Lender may provide, without any limitation whatsoever, to any one or more purchasers,
or potential purchasers, any information or knowledge Lender may have about Borrower or about any other matter relating to the Loan, and
Borrower hereby waives any rights to privacy Borrower may have with respect to such matters. Borrower additionally waives any and all
notices of sale of participation interests, as well as all notices of any repurchase of such participation interests. Borrower also agrees
that the purchasers of any such participation interests will be considered as the absolute owners of such interests in the Loan and will
have all the rights granted under the participation agreement or agreements governing the sale of such participation interests. Borrower
further waives all rights of offset or counterclaim that it may have now or later against Lender or against any purchaser of such a participation
interest and unconditionally agrees that either Lender or such purchaser may enforce Borrowers obligation under the Loan irrespective
of the failure or insolvency of any holder of any interest in the Loan. Borrower further agrees that the purchaser of any such participation
interests may enforce its interests irrespective of any personal claims or defenses that Borrower may have against Lender.

Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed
by federal law applicable to Lender and, to the extent not preempted by federal law, the laws of the State of California without regard
to its conflicts of law provisions. This Agreement has been accepted by Lender in the State of California.

No Waiver by Lender. Lender shall not be
deemed to have waived any rights under this Agreement unless such waiver is given in writing and signed by Lender. No delay or omission
on the part of Lender in exercising any right shall operate as a waiver of such right or any other right. A waiver by Lender of a provision
of this Agreement shall not prejudice or constitute a waiver of Lenders right otherwise to demand strict compliance with that provision
or any other provision of this Agreement. No prior waiver by Lender, nor any course of dealing between Lender and Borrower, or between
Lender and any Grantor, shall constitute a waiver of any of Lenders rights or of any of Borrowers or any Grantors obligations as to
any future transactions. Whenever the consent of Lender is required under this Agreement, the granting of such consent by Lender in any instance shall
not constitute continuing consent to subsequent instances where such consent is required and in all cases such consent may be granted
or withheld in the sole discretion of Lender.

Loan No. 769623758 Page 11 of 15

Notices. Any notice required to be given
under this Agreement shall be given in writing, and shall be effective when actually delivered, when actually received by telefacsimile
(unless otherwise required by law), when deposited with a nationally recognized overnight courier, or, if mailed, when deposited in the
United States mail, as first class, certified or registered mail postage prepaid, directed to the addresses shown near the beginning of
this Agreement. Any party may change its address for notices under this Agreement by giving formal written notice to the other parties,
specifying that the purpose of the notice is to change the partys address. For notice purposes, Borrower agrees to keep Lender informed
at all times of Borrowers current address. Unless otherwise provided or required by law, if there is more than one Borrower, any notice
given by Lender to any Borrower is deemed to be notice given to all Borrowers.

Severability. If a court of competent jurisdiction
finds any provision of this Agreement to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any circumstance, that finding shall not make the
offending provision illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any other circumstance. If feasible, the offending provision shall be considered
modified so that it becomes legal, valid and enforceable. If the offending provision cannot be so modified, it shall be considered deleted
from this Agreement. Unless otherwise required by law, the illegality, invalidity, or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement
shall not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement.

Subsidiaries and Affiliates of Borrower.
To the extent the context of any provisions of this Agreement makes it appropriate, including without limitation any representation, warranty
or covenant, the word Borrower as used in this Agreement shall include all of Borrowers subsidiaries and affiliates. Notwithstanding
the foregoing however, under no circumstances shall this Agreement be construed to require Lender to make any Loan or other financial
accommodation to any of Borrowers subsidiaries or affiliates.

Successors and Assigns. All covenants and
agreements by or on behalf of Borrower contained in this Agreement or any Related Documents shall bind Borrowers successors and assigns
and shall inure to the benefit of Lender and its successors and assigns. Borrower shall not, however, have the right to assign Borrowers
rights under this Agreement or any interest therein, without the prior written consent of Lender.

Survival of Representations and Warranties.
Borrower understands and agrees that in making the Loan, Lender is relying on all representations, warranties, and covenants made by Borrower
in this Agreement or in any certificate or other instrument delivered by Borrower to Lender under this Agreement or the Related Documents.
Borrower further agrees that regardless of any investigation made by Lender, all such representations, warranties and covenants will survive
the making of the Loan and delivery to Lender of the Related Documents, shall be continuing in nature, and shall remain in full force
and effect until such time as Borrowers Indebtedness shall be paid in full, or until this Agreement shall be terminated in the manner
provided above, whichever is the last to occur.

Loan No. 769623758 Page 12 of 15

Time is of the Essence. Time is of the
essence in the performance of this Agreement.

Waive Jury. To the extent permitted by applicable
law, all parties to this Agreement hereby waive the right to any jury trial in any action, proceeding, or counterclaim brought by any
party against any other party.

Additional Related Documents. Related
Documents shall also include all agreements and instruments executed by Borrower in connection with prior indebtedness by Borrower
to Lender which, by the terms of such agreements and/or instruments, apply to all or part of Borrowers underlying obligations of
this Indebtedness and/or applies to all future indebtedness of Borrower to Lender.

DEFINITIONS. The following capitalized
words and terms shall have the following meanings when used in this Agreement. Unless specifically stated to the contrary, all references
to dollar amounts shall mean amounts in lawful money of the United States of America. Words and terms used in the singular shall include
the plural, and the plural shall include the singular, as the context may require. Words and terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement
shall have the meanings attributed to such terms in the Uniform Commercial Code. Accounting words and terms not otherwise defined in this
Agreement shall have the meanings assigned to them in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as in effect on the date
of this Agreement:

Advance. The word Advance means
a disbursement of Loan funds made, or to be made, to Borrower or on Borrowers behalf on a line of credit or multiple advance basis under
the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Agreement. The word Agreement
means this Business Loan Agreement, as this Business Loan Agreement may be amended or modified from time to time, together with all exhibits
and schedules attached to this Business Loan Agreement from time to time.

Borrower. The word Borrower
means LIVEONE, INC. and includes all co-signers and co-makers signing the Note and all their successors and assigns.

Collateral. The word Collateral
means all property and assets granted as collateral security for a Loan, whether real or personal property, whether granted directly or
indirectly, whether granted now or in the future, and whether granted in the form of a security interest, mortgage, collateral mortgage,
deed of trust, assignment, pledge, crop pledge, chattel mortgage, collateral chattel mortgage, chattel trust, factors lien, equipment
trust, conditional sale, trust receipt, lien, charge, lien or title retention contract, lease or consignment intended as a security device,
or any other security or lien interest whatsoever, whether created by law, contract, or otherwise.

Environmental Laws. The
words Environmental Laws mean any and all state, federal and local statutes, regulations and ordinances relating to the
protection of human health or the environment, including without limitation the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation,
and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601, et seq. (CERCLA), the Superfund Amendments and
Reauthorization Act of 1986, Pub. L. No. 99-499 (SARA), the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. Section
1801, et seq., the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901, et seq., or other applicable state or federal
laws, rules, or regulations adopted pursuant thereto. Also, the following statutes, rules and regulations are included, without
limitation, in the words Environmental Laws as they are applied to Collateral located in the referenced states: Chapters
6.5 through 7.7 of Division 20 of the California Health and Safety Code, Section 25100, et seq.

Event of Default. The words Event of
Default mean any of the events of default set forth in this Agreement in the default section of this Agreement.

GAAP. The word GAAP means United
States generally accepted accounting principles.

Loan No. 769623758 Page 13 of 15

Grantor. The word Grantor means
each and all of the persons or entities granting a Security Interest in any Collateral for the Loan, including without limitation all
Borrowers granting such a Security Interest.

Guarantor. The word Guarantor
means any guarantor, surety, or accommodation party of any or all of the Loan.

Guaranty. The word Guaranty means
the guaranty from Guarantor to Lender, including without limitation a guaranty of all or part of the Note.

Hazardous Substances. The words Hazardous
Substances mean materials that, because of their quantity, concentration or physical, chemical or infectious characteristics, may
cause or pose a present or potential hazard to human health or the environment when improperly used, treated, stored, disposed of, generated,
manufactured, transported or otherwise handled. The words Hazardous Substances are used in their very broadest sense and include
without limitation any and all hazardous or toxic substances, materials or waste as defined by or listed under the Environmental Laws.
The term Hazardous Substances also includes, without limitation, petroleum and petroleum by-products or any fraction thereof
and asbestos.

Indebtedness. The word Indebtedness
means the indebtedness evidenced by the Note or Related Documents, including all principal and interest together with all other indebtedness
and costs and expenses for which Borrower is responsible under this Agreement or under any of the Related Documents.

Lender. The word Lender means
East West Bank, its successors and assigns.

Loan. The word Loan means any
and all loans and financial accommodations from Lender to Borrower whether now or hereafter existing, and however evidenced, including
without limitation those loans and financial accommodations described herein or described on any exhibit or schedule attached to this
Agreement from time to time.

Note. The word Note means the
Promissory Note dated June 2, 2021, and Change in Terms Agreement dated January 28, 2025, in the principal amount of $3,750,000.00, including
without limitation all of Borrowers previous Promissory Notes related to this Loan, together with all renewals of, extensions of,
modifications of, refinancings of, consolidations of and substitutions for the Promissory Note or Agreement.

OCBOA. The term OCBOA means
Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting, as designated by Lender in writing as an acceptable alternative to GAAP.

Permitted Liens. The words
Permitted Liens mean (1) liens and security interests securing Indebtedness owed by Borrower to Lender; (2) liens for
taxes, assessments, or similar charges either not yet due or being contested in good faith; (3) liens of materialmen, mechanics,
warehousemen, or carriers, or other like liens arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations which are not yet
delinquent; (4) purchase money liens or purchase money security interests upon or in any property acquired or held by Borrower in
the ordinary course of business to secure indebtedness outstanding on the date of this Agreement or permitted to be incurred under
the paragraph of this Agreement titled Indebtedness and Liens; (5) liens and security interests which, as of the date of
this Agreement, have been disclosed to and approved by the Lender in writing; and (6) those liens and security interests which in
the aggregate constitute an immaterial and insignificant monetary amount with respect to the net value of Borrowers assets.

Related Documents. The words Related
Documents mean all promissory notes, credit agreements, loan agreements, environmental agreements, guaranties, security agreements,
mortgages, deeds of trust, security deeds, collateral mortgages, and all other instruments, agreements and documents, whether now or hereafter
existing, executed by Lender and Borrower in connection with the Loan.

Security Agreement. The words Security
Agreement mean and include without limitation any agreements, promises, covenants, arrangements, understandings or other agreements,
whether created by law, contract, or otherwise, evidencing, governing, representing, or creating a Security Interest.

Security Interest. The words Security
Interest mean, without limitation, any and all types of collateral security, present and future, whether in the form of a lien,
charge, encumbrance, mortgage, deed of trust, security deed, assignment, pledge, crop pledge, chattel mortgage, collateral chattel mortgage,
chattel trust, factors lien, equipment trust, conditional sale, trust receipt, lien or title retention contract, lease or consignment
intended as a security device, or any other security or lien interest whatsoever whether created by law, contract, or otherwise.

Loan No. 769623758 Page 14 of 15

BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING READ ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS BUSINESS
LOAN AGREEMENT AND BORROWER AGREES TO ITS TERMS. THIS BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT IS DATED JANUARY 28, 2025.

BORROWER: 

LIVEONE, INC. 

By: /s/ Aaron Sullivan 

AARON SULLIVAN, CFO of LIVEONE, INC. 

LENDER: 

EAST WEST BANK 

By: /s/ [illegible signature] 

Authorized Signer 

Loan No. 769623758 Page 15 of 15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022940601ex10-2_liveone.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CHANGE IN TERMS AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 28, 2025, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND EAST WEST BANK
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

CHANGE
IN TERMS AGREEMENT

Borrower: LIVEONE, INC. Lender: East West Bank

269 S. BEVERLY DR STE 1450 Loan Servicing Department

BEVERLY HILLS, CA 90212 9300 Flair Drive, 6th Floor

El Monte, CA 91731

Principal Amount: $3,750,000.00 Date of Agreement:
January 28, 2025

DESCRIPTION
OF EXISTING INDEBTEDNESS. The Promissory Note dated June 2, 2021 for Loan Number 769623758 in the original Principal Amount
of $7,000,000.00, along with any and all subsequent Change in Terms Agreements (collectively referred to as Note).

DESCRIPTION
OF CHANGE IN TERMS. The maturity date of the Note is hereby extended from November 20, 2024 to November 20, 2025.

The
Principal Amount of the Note is hereby decreased to Three Million Seven Hundred Fifty Thousand 00/100 Dollars ($3,750,000.00).

Effective
January 21, 2025, the section entitled PAYMENT is hereby amended and restated as follows:

PAYMENT.
Subject to any payment changes resulting from changes in the Index, Borrower will pay this loan in accordance with the following
payment schedule, which calculates interest on the unpaid principal balances as described in the INTEREST CALCULATION METHOD
paragraph using the interest rates described in this paragraph: 9 monthly consecutive principal payments of $400,000.00 each, beginning
February 20, 2025, with subsequent payments due the same day each month after that, during which interest continues to accrue on the
unpaid principal balances using an interest rate based on the daily Wall Street Journal Prime Rate, as quoted in the Money Rates
column of The Wall Street Journal (Western Edition) as determined by Lender (currently 7.500%), plus a margin of 2.500 percentage points,
adjusted if necessary for the minimum and maximum rate limitations for this loan, resulting in an initial interest rate of 10.000%; 9
monthly consecutive interest payments, beginning February 20, 2025, with subsequent payments due the same day each month after that,
and with interest calculated on the unpaid principal balances using an interest rate based on the daily Wall Street Journal Prime Rate,
as quoted in the Money Rates column of The Wall Street Journal (Western Edition) as determined by Lender (currently 7.500%),
plus a margin of 2.500 percentage points, adjusted if necessary for the minimum and maximum rate limitations for this loan, resulting
in an initial interest rate of 10.000%; and one principal and interest payment of $151,291.67 on November 20, 2025, with interest calculated
on the unpaid principal balances using an interest rate based on the daily Wall Street Journal Prime Rate, as quoted in the Money
Rates column of The Wall Street Journal (Western Edition) as determined by Lender (currently 7.500%), plus a margin of 2.500 percentage
points, adjusted if necessary for the minimum and maximum rate limitations for this loan, resulting in an initial interest rate of 10.000%.
This estimated final payment is based on the assumption that all payments will be made exactly as scheduled and that the Index does not
change; the actual final payment will be for all principal and accrued interest not yet paid, together with any other unpaid amounts
on this loan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the rate of interest accrual described for the principal only payment stream applies only
to the extent that no other interest rate for any other payment stream applies. Unless otherwise agreed or required by applicable law,
payments will be applied first to any accrued unpaid interest as shown on the most recent statement or bill provided to Borrower (if
no statement or bill has been provided for any reason, it shall be applied to the unpaid interest accrued since the last payment); then
to principal; then to any late charges; and then to any unpaid collection costs. Borrower will pay Lender at Lenders address shown
above or at such other place as Lender may designate in writing.

Effective
January 21, 2025, the sections entitled VARIABLE INTEREST RATE and INTEREST CALCULATION METHOD
are hereby restated as follows:

VARIABLE
INTEREST RATE. The interest rate on this loan is subject to change from time to time based on changes in an independent index which
is the daily Wall Street Journal Prime Rate, as quoted in the Money Rates column of The Wall Street Journal (Western Edition)
as determined by Lender (the Index). The Index is not necessarily the lowest rate charged by Lender on its loans. If the
Index becomes unavailable during the term of this loan, Lender may designate a substitute index after notifying Borrower. Lender will
tell Borrower the current Index rate upon Borrowers request. The interest rate change will not occur more often than each Day.
Borrower understands that Lender may make loans based on other rates as well. The Index currently is 7.500% per annum. The interest
rate or rates to be applied to the unpaid principal balance during this loan will be the rate or rates set forth herein in the Payment
section. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, after the first payment stream, the interest rate for each subsequent
payment stream will be effective as of the due date of the last payment in the just-ending payment stream. NOTICE: Under no circumstances
will the interest rate on this loan be less than 7.500% per annum or more than the maximum rate allowed by applicable law. Whenever changes
occur in the interest rate, Lender, at its option, may do one or more of the following: (A) change the amounts of Borrowers payments
to maintain the original amortization schedule, (B) increase Borrowers payments to cover accruing interest if the interest rate
adjustment is an increase, (C) change the number of Borrowers payments, and (D) continue Borrowers payments at the same
amount and change Borrowers final payment amount.

CHANGE IN TERMS AGREEMENT 

Loan
No: 769623758 (Continued) Page
2

INTEREST
CALCULATION METHOD. Interest on this loan is computed on a 365/360 basis; that is, by applying
the ratio of the interest rate over a year of 360 days, multiplied by the outstanding principal
balance, multiplied by the actual number of days the principal balance is outstanding. All
interest payable under this loan is computed using this method..

CONTINUING
VALIDITY. Except as expressly changed by this Agreement, the terms of the original obligation or obligations, including all agreements
evidenced or securing the obligation(s), remain unchanged and in full force and effect. Consent by Lender to this Agreement does not
waive Lenders right to strict performance of the obligation(s) as changed, nor obligate Lender to make any future change in terms.
Nothing in this Agreement will constitute a satisfaction of the obligation(s). It is the intention of Lender to retain as liable parties
all makers and endorsers of the original obligation(s), including accommodation parties, unless a party is expressly released by Lender
in writing. Any maker or endorser, including accommodation makers, will not be released by virtue of this Agreement. If any person who
signed the original obligation does not sign this Agreement below, then all persons signing below acknowledge that this Agreement is
given conditionally, based on the representation to Lender that the non-signing party consents to the changes and provisions of this
Agreement or otherwise will not be released by it. This waiver applies not only to any initial extension, modification or release, but
also to all such subsequent actions.

PRIOR
TO SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT, BORROWER READ AND UNDERSTOOD ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. BORROWER AGREES TO THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT.

BORROWER:

LIVEONE,
INC.

By: /s/
Robert S. Ellin 

ROBERT
S. ELLIN, CEO of LIVEONE, INC.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>lvo-20250128.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>lvo-20250128_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>lvo-20250128_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Jan. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 28, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38249

Entity Registrant Name LIVEONE, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001491419

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-0657263

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 269 South Beverly Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1450

Entity Address, City or Town Beverly Hills

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 90212

City Area Code 310

Local Phone Number 601-2505

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, $0.001 par value per share

Trading Symbol LVO

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://liveone.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0229406-8k_liveone.htm 
lvo-20250128.xsd 
lvo-20250128_lab.xml 
lvo-20250128_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-009507-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0229406-8k_liveone_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001491419 

2025-01-28 
2025-01-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001491419 
8-K 
2025-01-28 
LIVEONE, INC. 
DE 
001-38249 
98-0657263 
269 South Beverly Drive 
Suite 1450 
Beverly Hills 
CA 
90212 
310 
601-2505 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, $0.001 par value per share 
LVO 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>