<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-012236.txt : 20250124
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-012236.hdr.sgml : 20250124
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250124163301
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-012236
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250124
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250124
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250124

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Forte Biosciences, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001419041
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				261243872
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38052
		FILM NUMBER:		25554611

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3060 PEGASUS PARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		BUILDING 6
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75247
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(310) 618-6994

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3060 PEGASUS PARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		BUILDING 6
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75247

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Tocagen Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071120
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d875887d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000141904100014190412025-01-242025-01-24

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 24, 2025

FORTE BIOSCIENCES, INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 001-38052 26-1243872

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

3060 Pegasus Park Dr.

Building 6

Dallas, Texas 75247

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (310)618-6994

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value FBRX The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

The board of directors (the Board) of Forte Biosciences, Inc. (the Company) previously approved, subject to stockholder approval, the amendment and restatement of the Companys 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the A&R 2021 Equity Incentive Plan). At the Special Meeting (as defined in Item 5.07 below), the Companys stockholders approved the A&R 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 

The purposes of the A&R 2021 Equity Incentive Plan are to attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of substantial responsibility, to provide additional incentive to employees, directors and consultants, and to promote the success of the Companys business. These purposes are achieved through the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance units, and performance shares. 

The number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the A&R 2021 Equity Incentive Plan is: (a) 3,340,000 Shares, plus (b) any Shares subject to awards granted under the Tocagen, Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, the Tocagen, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, and the Forte Biosciences Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan that, after May 28, 2021, the date of the original stockholder approval of the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, expire or otherwise terminate without having been exercised or issued in full or are forfeited to or repurchased by the Company due to failure to vest, with the maximum number of Shares to be added to the Plan pursuant to clause (b) equal to 44,093. 

The material terms of the A&R 2021 Equity Incentive Plan are described in Proposal No. 1 Approval of the Amended and Restated 2021 Equity Incentive Plan in the Companys definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on December 31, 2024, which description is incorporated herein by reference. 

The foregoing description of the A&R 2021 Equity Incentive Plan is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the A&R 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders. 

The Company held a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting) on January 24, 2025. Of the 6,393,323 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the record date of December 30, 2024, 4,032,759 shares were represented at the Special Meeting, either by proxy or by attending the meeting.. The matters voted on at the Special Meeting and the votes cast with respect to each such matter are set forth below: 

1. 

Approval of the Amended and Restated 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. The Companys stockholders approved the Amended and Restated 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. The votes regarding the proposal were as follows: 

Votes For 

Votes Against 

Abstentions

2,186,796 470,795 1,375,168

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) 

Exhibits 

Exhibit 

Description

10.1 Amended and Restated 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 

104 The cover page of this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted in inline XBRL.

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

FORTE BIOSCIENCES, INC.

Date: January 24, 2025 By: 

/s/ Antony Riley

Antony Riley

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d875887dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

FORTE BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 2021 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

(Adopted and Approved by the Board of Directors on December 30, 2024; approved by the stockholders on January 24, 2025) 

1. Purposes of the Plan. The purposes of this Plan are: 

to attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of substantial responsibility,

to provide additional incentive to Employees, Directors and Consultants, and 

to promote the success of the Companys business. 

The Plan permits the grant of Incentive Stock Options, Nonstatutory Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted
Stock Units and Performance Awards. 

2. Definitions. As used herein, the following definitions will apply: 

2.1 Administrator means the Board or any of its Committees as will be administering the Plan, in accordance with
Section 4 of the Plan. 

2.2 Applicable Laws means the legal and regulatory requirements relating to the
administration of equity-based awards, including but not limited to the related issuance of shares of Common Stock, including but not limited to, under U.S. federal and state corporate laws, U.S. federal and state securities laws, the Code, any
stock exchange or quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and the applicable laws of any non-U.S. country or jurisdiction where Awards are, or will be, granted under the Plan. 

2.3 Award means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted
Stock, Restricted Stock Units, or Performance Awards. 

2.4 Award Agreement means the written or electronic agreement
setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to each Award granted under the Plan. The Award Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

2.5 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

2.6 Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following events: 

(a) Change in Ownership of the Company. A change in the ownership of the Companywhich occurs on the date that any one person,
or more than one person acting as a group (Person), acquires ownership of the stock of the Company that, together with the stock held by such Person, constitutes more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the
stock of the Company; provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (a), the acquisition 

of additional stock by any one Person, who is considered to own more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the stock of the Company will not be considered a Change in
Control; provided, further, that any change in the ownership of the stock of the Company as a result of a private financing of the Company that is approved by the Board also will not be considered a Change in Control. Further, if the stockholders of
the Company immediately before such change in ownership continue to retain immediately after the change in ownership, in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Companys voting stock immediately prior to the
change in ownership, direct or indirect beneficial ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the total voting power of the stock of the Company or of the ultimate parent entity of the Company, such event will not be considered a Change in Control
under this subsection (a). For this purpose, indirect beneficial ownership will include, without limitation, an interest resulting from ownership of the voting securities of one or more corporations or other business entities which own the Company,
as the case may be, either directly or through one or more subsidiary corporations or other business entities; or 

(b) Change in
Effective Control of the Company. If the Company has a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act, a change in the effective control of the Company which occurs on the date that a majority of members of the
Board is replaced during any twelve (12) month period by Directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of the appointment or election. For purposes of this subsection (b), if
any Person is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of additional control of the Company by the same Person will not be considered a Change in Control; or 

(c) Change in Ownership of a Substantial Portion of the Companys Assets. A change in the ownership of a
substantial portion of the Companys assets which occurs on the date that any Person acquires (or has acquired during the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such Person or Persons) assets
from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than fifty percent (50%) of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions; provided,
however, that for purposes of this subsection (c), the following will not constitute a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Companys assets: (i) a transfer to an entity that is controlled by the Companys
stockholders immediately after the transfer, or (ii) a transfer of assets by the Company to: (A) a stockholder of the Company (immediately before the asset transfer) in exchange for or with respect to the Companys stock,
(B) an entity, fifty percent (50%) or more of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company, (C) a Person, that owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50%) or more of the total
value or voting power of all the outstanding stock of the Company, or (D) an entity, at least fifty percent (50%) of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by a Person described in this subsection
(c)(ii)(C). For purposes of this subsection (c), gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the Company, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets. 

For purposes of this Section 2.6, persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters
into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the Company. 

-2- 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed a Change in Control unless
the transaction qualifies as a change in control event within the meaning of Code Section 409A. 

Further and for the avoidance of
doubt, a transaction will not constitute a Change in Control if: (x) its sole purpose is to change the jurisdiction of the Companys incorporation, or (y) its sole purpose is to create a holding company that will be owned in
substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Companys securities immediately before such transaction. 

2.7
Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Reference to a specific section of the Code or regulation thereunder will include such section or regulation, any valid regulation or other formal guidance of general
or direct applicability promulgated under such section, and any comparable provision of any future legislation or regulation amending, supplementing or superseding such section or regulation. 

2.8 Committee means a committee of Directors or of other individuals satisfying Applicable Laws appointed by the Board, or
by a duly authorized committee of the Board, in accordance with Section 4 hereof. 

2.9 Common Stock means the
common stock of the Company. 

2.10 Company means Forte Biosciences, Inc., aDelaware corporation, or any
successor thereto. 

2.11 Consultant means any natural person, including an advisor, engaged by the Company or any of
its Parent or Subsidiaries to render bona fide services to such entity, provided the services (a) are not in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction, and (b) do not directly promote or maintain a
market for the Companys securities, in each case, within the meaning of Form S-8 promulgated under the Securities Act, and provided further, that a Consultant will include only those persons to whom the
issuance of Shares may be registered under Form S-8 promulgated under the Securities Act. 

2.12
Director means a member of the Board. 

2.13 Disability means total and permanent disability as
defined in Code Section 22(e)(3), provided that in the case of Awards other than Incentive Stock Options, the Administrator in its discretion may determine whether a permanent and total disability exists in accordance with uniform and non-discriminatory standards adopted by the Administrator from time to time. 

2.14
Employee means any person, including Officers and Directors, employed by the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. Neither service as a Director nor payment of a directors fee by the Company will be sufficient
to constitute employment by the Company. 

2.15 Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

-3- 

2.16 Exchange Program means a program under which (a) outstanding
Awards are surrendered or cancelled in exchange for awards of the same type (which may have higher or lower exercise prices and different terms), awards of a different type, and/or cash, (b) Participants would have the opportunity to transfer
any outstanding Awards to a financial institution or other person or entity selected by the Administrator, and/or (c) the exercise price of an outstanding Award is reduced or increased. The Administrator will determine the terms and conditions
of any Exchange Program in its sole discretion. 

2.17 Fair Market Value means, as of any date and unless the
Administrator determines otherwise, the value of Common Stock determined as follows: 

2.17.1 If the Common Stock is listed on any
established stock exchange or a national market system, including without limitation the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, or the Nasdaq Capital Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market, its Fair Market
Value will be the closing sales price for such stock (or, if no closing sales price was reported on that date, as applicable, on the last Trading Day such closing sales price was reported) as quoted on such exchange or system on the date of
determination, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable; 

2.17.2 If the
Common Stock is regularly quoted by a recognized securities dealer but selling prices are not reported, the Fair Market Value of a Share will be the mean between the high bid and low asked prices for the Common Stock on the day of determination (or,
if no bids and asks were reported on that date, as applicable, on the last Trading Day such bids and asks were reported), as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable; or 

2.17.3 In the absence of an established market for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value will be determined in good faith by the
Administrator. 

2.18 Fiscal Year means the fiscal year of the Company. 

2.19 Incentive Stock Option means an Option that by its terms qualifies and is otherwise intended to qualify as an
incentive stock option within the meaning of Code Section 422 and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

2.20 Nonstatutory
Stock Option means an Option that by its terms does not qualify or is not intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. 

2.21 Officer means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

2.22 Option means a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan. 

2.23 Outside Director means a Director who is not an Employee. 

2.24 Parent means a parent corporation, whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Code
Section 424(e). 

-4- 

2.25 Participant means the holder of an outstanding Award. 

2.26 Performance Awards means an Award which may be earned in whole or in part upon attainment of performance goals or
other vesting criteria as the Administrator may determine and which may be cash- or stock-denominated and may be settled for cash, Shares or other securities or a combination of the foregoing under Section 10. 

2.27 Performance Period means Performance Period as defined in Section 10.1. 

2.28 Period of Restriction means the period (if any) during which the transfer of Shares of Restricted Stock are subject to
restrictions and therefore, the Shares are subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture. Such restrictions may be based on the passage of time, the achievement of target levels of performance, or the occurrence of other events as determined by the
Administrator. 

2.29 Plan means this Amended and Restated 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 

2.30 Restricted Stock means Shares issued pursuant to an Award of Restricted Stock under Section 8 of the Plan, or
issued pursuant to the early exercise of an Option. 

2.31 Restricted Stock Unit means a bookkeeping entry representing
an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of one Share, granted pursuant to Section 9. Each Restricted Stock Unit represents an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 

2.32 Rule 16b-3 means
Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect when discretion is being exercised with respect to the Plan. 

2.33 Section 16b means Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act. 

2.34 Section 409A means Code Section 409A and the U.S. Treasury Regulations and guidance
thereunder, and any applicable state law equivalent, as each may be promulgated, amended or modified from time to time. 

2.35
Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

2.36 Service Provider means an Employee, Director or Consultant. 

2.37 Share means a share of the Common Stock, as adjusted in accordance with Section 14 of the Plan. 

2.38 Stock Appreciation Right means an Award, granted alone or in connection with an Option, that pursuant to
Section 7 is designated as a Stock Appreciation Right. 

2.39 Subsidiary means a subsidiary
corporation, whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Code Section 424(f). 

-5- 

2.40 Trading Day means a day that the primary stock exchange, national
market system, or other trading platform, as applicable, upon which the Common Stock is listed (or otherwise trades regularly, as determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion) is open for trading. 

2.41 U.S. Treasury Regulations means the Treasury Regulations of the Code. Reference to a specific Treasury Regulation or
Section of the Code will include such Treasury Regulation or Section, any valid regulation promulgated under such Section, and any comparable provision of any future legislation or regulation amending, supplementing or superseding such Section or
regulation. 

3. Stock Subject to the Plan. 

3.1 Stock Subject to the Plan. Subject to adjustment upon changes in capitalization of the Company as provided in Section 14, the
maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be subject to Awards and sold under the Plan will be equal to (a) 3,340,000 Shares, plus (b) any Shares subject to awards granted under the Tocagen, Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, the Tocagen,
Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, and the Forte Biosciences Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan that, after May 28, 2021, the date of the original stockholder approval of the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, expire or otherwise terminate without having
been exercised or issued in full or are forfeited to or repurchased by the Company due to failure to vest, with the maximum number of Shares to be added to the Plan pursuant to clause (b) equal to 44,093. In addition, Shares may become
available for issuance under Section 3.2. The Shares may be authorized but unissued, or reacquired Common Stock. 

3.2 Lapsed
Awards. If an Award expires or becomes unexercisable without having been exercised in full, or, with respect to Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units or Performance Shares is forfeited to or repurchased by the Company due
to the failure to vest, the unpurchased Shares (or for Awards other than Options or Stock Appreciation Rights the forfeited or repurchased Shares) which were subject thereto will become available for future grant or sale under the Plan (unless the
Plan has terminated). Upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right settled in Shares, the gross number of Shares covered by the portion of the Award so exercised, whether or not actually issued pursuant to such exercise, will cease to be available
under the Plan. Shares that have actually been issued under the Plan under any Award will not be returned to the Plan and will not become available for future distribution under the Plan; provided, however, that if Shares issued pursuant to Awards
of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Performance Awards are repurchased by the Company or are forfeited to the Company due to the failure to vest, such Shares will become available for future grant under the Plan. Shares used to pay the
exercise price of an Award or to satisfy the tax liabilities or withholdings related to an Award will not become available for future grant or sale under the Plan. To the extent an Award under the Plan is paid out in cash rather than Shares, such
cash payment will not result in reducing the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing and, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 14, the maximum number of Shares that may be issued upon the
exercise of Incentive Stock Options will equal the aggregate Share number stated in Section 3.1, plus, to the extent allowable under Code Section 422 and the U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, any Shares that become
available for issuance under the Plan pursuant to Section 3.2. 

-6- 

3.3 Share Reserve. The Company, during the term of this Plan, will at all times
reserve and keep available such number of Shares as will be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan. 

4. Administration of
the Plan. 

4.1 Procedure. 

4.1.1 Multiple Administrative Bodies. Different Committees with respect to different groups of Service Providers may administer the
Plan. 

4.1.2 Rule 16b-3. To the extent desirable to qualify transactions hereunder as
exempt under Rule 16b-3, the transactions contemplated hereunder will be structured to satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3.

4.1.3 Other Administration. Other than as provided above, the Plan will be administered by (A) the Board or (B) a Committee,
which Committee will be constituted to comply with Applicable Laws. 

4.2 Powers of the Administrator. Subject to the provisions of
the Plan, and in the case of a Committee, subject to the specific duties delegated by the Board to such Committee, the Administrator will have the authority, in its discretion: 

4.2.1 to determine the Fair Market Value; 

4.2.2 to select the Service Providers to whom Awards may be granted hereunder; 

4.2.3 to determine the number of Shares to be covered by each Award granted hereunder; 

4.2.4 to approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan; 

4.2.5 to determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award granted hereunder. Such terms and
conditions include, but are not limited to, the exercise price, the time or times when Awards may be exercised (which may be based on performance criteria), any vesting acceleration or waiver of forfeiture restrictions, and any restriction or
limitation regarding any Award or the Shares relating thereto (including but not limited to, temporarily suspending the exercisability of an Award if the Administrator deems such suspension to be necessary or appropriate for administrative purposes
or to comply with Applicable Laws, provided that such suspension must be lifted prior to the expiration of the maximum term and post-termination exercisability period of an Award), based in each case on such factors as the Administrator will
determine; 

4.2.6 to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and Awards granted pursuant to the Plan; 

-7- 

4.2.7 to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan, including
rules and regulations relating to sub-plans established for the purpose of satisfying applicable non-U.S. laws or for qualifying for favorable tax treatment under
applicable non-U.S. laws; 

4.2.8 to modify or amend each Award (subject to Section 20.3),
including but not limited to the discretionary authority to extend the post-termination exercisability period of Awards and to extend the maximum term of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right (subject to Sections 6.4 and 7.5); 

4.2.9 to allow Participants to satisfy withholding tax obligations in a manner prescribed in Section 15; 

4.2.10 to authorize any person to execute on behalf of the Company any instrument required to effect the grant of an Award previously granted
by the Administrator; 

4.2.11 to allow a Participant to defer the receipt of the payment of cash or the delivery of Shares that otherwise
would be due to such Participant under an Award; and 

4.2.12 to make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for
administering the Plan. 

4.3 Effect of Administrators Decision. The Administrators decisions,
determinations and interpretations will be final and binding on all Participants and any other holders of Awards and will be given the maximum deference permitted by Applicable Laws. 

4.4 Exchange Program. The Administrator may not institute an Exchange Program. 

5. Eligibility. Nonstatutory Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares and
Performance Units may be granted to Service Providers. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees. 

6. Stock Options.

6.1 Grant of Options. Subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan, the Administrator, at any time and from time to time, may
grant Options to Service Providers in such amounts as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. 

6.2 Option
Agreement. Each Award of an Option will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the exercise price, the term of the Option, the number of Shares subject to the Option, the exercise restrictions, if any, applicable to the Option, and
such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. 

6.3 Limitations. Each Option will be
designated in the Award Agreement as either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option. Notwithstanding such designation, however, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock
Options are exercisable for the first time by the Participant during any 

-8- 

calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary) exceeds one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000), such Options will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options. For
purposes of this Section 6.3, Incentive Stock Options will be taken into account in the order in which they were granted, the Fair Market Value of the Shares will be determined as of the time the Option with respect to such Shares is granted,
and calculation will be performed in accordance with Code Section 422 and the U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. 

6.4
Term of Option. The term of each Option will be stated in the Award Agreement; provided, however, that the term will be no more than ten (10) years from the date of grant thereof. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a
Participant who, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns stock representing more than ten percent (10%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the term of the Incentive
Stock Option will be five (5) years from the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the Award Agreement. 

6.5
Option Exercise Price and Consideration. 

6.5.1 Exercise Price. The per Share exercise price for the Shares to be issued
pursuant to the exercise of an Option will be determined by the Administrator, but will be no less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant. In addition, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted
to an Employee who owns stock representing more than ten percent (10%) of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the per Share exercise price will be no less than one hundred ten percent (110%) of the
Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6.5.1, Options may be granted with a per Share exercise price of less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share
on the date of grant pursuant to a transaction described in, and in a manner consistent with, Code Section 424(a). 

6.5.2 Waiting
Period and Exercise Dates. At the time an Option is granted, the Administrator will fix the period within which the Option may be exercised and will determine any conditions that must be satisfied before the Option may be exercised. 

6.5.3 Form of Consideration. The Administrator will determine the acceptable form of consideration for exercising an Option, including
the method of payment. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the Administrator will determine the acceptable form of consideration at the time of grant. Such consideration may consist entirely of: (a) cash (including cash equivalents); (b)
check; (c) promissory note, to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws, (d) other Shares, provided that such Shares have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which such
Option will be exercised and provided further that accepting such Shares will not result in any adverse accounting consequences to the Company, as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion; (e) consideration received by the Company
under a cashless exercise program (whether through a broker or otherwise) implemented by the Company in connection with the Plan; (f) by net exercise; (g) such other consideration and method of payment for the issuance of Shares to the
extent permitted by Applicable Laws, or (h) any combination of the foregoing methods of payment. In making its determination as to the type of consideration to accept, the Administrator will consider if acceptance of such consideration may be
reasonably expected to benefit the Company. 

-9- 

6.6 Exercise of Option. 

6.6.1 Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Stockholder. Any Option granted hereunder will be exercisable according to the terms of the
Plan and at such times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement. An Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share. 

An Option will be deemed exercised when the Company receives: (a) notice of exercise (in such form as the Administrator may specify from
time to time) from the person entitled to exercise the Option, and (b) full payment for the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised (together with applicable tax withholding). Full payment may consist of any consideration and
method of payment authorized by the Administrator and permitted by the Award Agreement and the Plan. Shares issued upon exercise of an Option will be issued in the name of the Participant or, if requested by the Participant, in the name of the
Participant and his or her spouse. Until the Shares are issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a
stockholder will exist with respect to the Shares subject to an Option, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Company will issue (or cause to be issued) such Shares promptly after the Option is exercised. No adjustment will be made for a
dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, except as provided in Section 14of the Plan. 

Exercising an Option in any manner will decrease the number of Shares thereafter available, both for purposes of the Plan and for sale under
the Option, by the number of Shares as to which the Option is exercised. 

6.6.2 Termination of Relationship as a Service Provider.
If a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider, other than upon the Participants termination as the result of the Participants death or Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option, to the extent that the Option is vested
on the date of termination, within three (3) months of termination, or such shorter or longer period of time, as is specified in the Award Agreement or in writing by the Administrator, in each case, in no event later than the expiration of the
term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if on the date of termination the Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the
Option will revert to the Plan. If after termination the Participant does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified by the Administrator, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan. 

6.6.3 Disability of Participant. If a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider as a result of the Participants Disability,
the Participant may exercise his or her Option within twelve (12) months of termination, or such longer or shorter period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement or in writing by the Administrator (but in no event later than the
expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement) to the extent the Option is vested on the date of termination. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if on the date of termination the Participant is not vested as
to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option will revert to the Plan. If after termination the Participant does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified herein, the Option will terminate, and
the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan. 

-10- 

6.6.4 Death of Participant. If a Participant dies while a Service Provider, the
Option may be exercised within twelve (12) months following the Participants death, or within such longer or shorter period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement or in writing by the Administrator (but in no event later than the
expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement) to the extent that the Option is vested on the date of death, by the Participants designated beneficiary, provided such beneficiary has been designated prior to the
Participants death in a form (if any) acceptable to the Administrator. If no such beneficiary has been designated by the Participant, then such Option may be exercised by the personal representative of the Participants estate or by the
person(s) to whom the Option is transferred pursuant to the Participants will or in accordance with the laws of descent and distribution (each, a Legal Representative). If the Option is exercised pursuant to this
Section 6.6.4, Participants designated beneficiary or Legal Representative shall be subject to the terms of this Plan and the Award Agreement, including but not limited to the restrictions on transferability and forfeitability applicable
to the Service Provider. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if at the time of death Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option will immediately revert to the Plan.
If the Option is not so exercised within the time specified herein, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan. 

6.6.5 Tolling Expiration. A Participants Award Agreement may also provide that: 

(a) if the exercise of the Option following the cessation of Participants status as a Service Provider (other than upon the
Participants death or Disability) would result in liability under Section 16(b), then the Option will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the term of the Option set forth in the Award Agreement, or (ii) the tenth
(10th) day after the last date on which such exercise would result in liability under Section 16(b); or 

(b) if the exercise of the Option following the cessation of the Participants status as a Service Provider (other than upon the
Participants death or Disability) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of Shares would violate the registration requirements under the Securities Act, then the Option will terminate on the earlier of (i) the
expiration of the term of the Option or (ii) the expiration of a period of thirty (30) days after the cessation of the Participants status as a Service Provider during which the exercise of the Option would not be in violation of
such registration requirements. 

7. Stock Appreciation Rights. 

7.1 Grant of Stock Appreciation Rights. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, a Stock Appreciation Right may be granted to
Service Providers at any time and from time to time as will be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. 

7.2 Number of
Shares. The Administrator will have complete discretion to determine the number of Shares subject to any Award of Stock Appreciation Rights. 

-11- 

7.3 Exercise Price and Other Terms. The per Share exercise price for the Shares that
will determine the amount of the payment to be received upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right as set forth in Section 7.6 will be determined by the Administrator and will be no less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value
per Share on the date of grant. Otherwise, the Administrator, subject to the provisions of the Plan, will have complete discretion to determine the terms and conditions of Stock Appreciation Rights granted under the Plan. 

7.4 Stock Appreciation Right Agreement. Each Stock Appreciation Right grant will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify
the exercise price, the term of the Stock Appreciation Right, the conditions of exercise, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. 

7.5 Expiration of Stock Appreciation Rights. A Stock Appreciation Right granted under the Plan will expire upon the date determined by
the Administrator, in its sole discretion, and set forth in the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the rules of Section 6.4 relating to the maximum term and Section 6.5 relating to exercise also will apply to Stock
Appreciation Rights. 

7.6 Payment of Stock Appreciation Right Amount. Upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right, a Participant
will be entitled to receive payment from the Company in an amount determined by multiplying: 

7.6.1 The difference between the Fair Market
Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the exercise price; times 

7.6.2 The number of Shares with respect to which the Stock
Appreciation Right is exercised. 

At the discretion of the Administrator, the payment upon Stock Appreciation Right exercise may be in
cash, in Shares of equivalent value, or in some combination thereof. 

8. Restricted Stock. 

8.1 Grant of Restricted Stock. Subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan, the Administrator, at any time and from time to time,
may grant Shares of Restricted Stock to Service Providers in such amounts as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. 

8.2 Restricted Stock Agreement. Each Award of Restricted Stock will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the Period of
Restriction (if any), the number of Shares granted, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. Unless the Administrator determines otherwise, the Company as escrow agent will hold Shares of
Restricted Stock until the restrictions on such Shares have lapsed. 

8.3 Transferability. Except as provided in this Section 8
or as the Administrator determines, Shares of Restricted Stock may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated until the end of the applicable Period of Restriction. 

-12- 

8.4 Other Restrictions. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may impose such
other restrictions on Shares of Restricted Stock as it may deem advisable or appropriate. 

8.5 Removal of Restrictions. Except as
otherwise provided in this Section 8, Shares of Restricted Stock covered by each Restricted Stock grant made under the Plan will be released from escrow as soon as practicable after the last day of the Period of Restriction or at such other
time as the Administrator may determine. The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed. 

8.6 Voting Rights. During the Period of Restriction, Service Providers holding Shares of Restricted Stock granted hereunder may
exercise full voting rights with respect to those Shares, unless the Administrator determines otherwise. 

8.7 Return of Restricted
Stock to Company. On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, the Restricted Stock for which restrictions have not lapsed will revert to the Company and again will become available for grant under the Plan. 

9. Restricted Stock Units. 

9.1 Grant. Restricted Stock Units may be granted at any time and from time to time as determined by the Administrator. After the
Administrator determines that it will grant Restricted Stock Units, it will advise the Participant in an Award Agreement of the terms, conditions, and restrictions related to the grant, including the number of Restricted Stock Units. 

9.2 Vesting Criteria and Other Terms. The Administrator will set vesting criteria in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to
which the criteria are met, will determine the number of Restricted Stock Units that will be paid out to the Participant. The Administrator may set vesting criteria based upon the achievement of Company-wide, divisional, business unit, or individual
goals (including, but not limited to, continued employment or service), applicable federal or state securities laws or any other basis determined by the Administrator in its discretion. 

9.3 Earning Restricted Stock Units. Upon meeting the applicable vesting criteria, the Participant will be entitled to receive a payout
as determined by the Administrator. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time after the grant of Restricted Stock Units, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any vesting criteria that must be met to receive a payout. 

9.4 Form and Timing of Payment. Payment of earned Restricted Stock Units will be made at the time(s) determined by the Administrator
and set forth in the Award Agreement. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may settle earned Restricted Stock Units in cash, Shares, or a combination of both. 

9.5 Cancellation. On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, all unearned Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited to the Company.

-13- 

10. Performance Awards. 

10.1 Award Agreement. Each Performance Award will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify any time period during which any
performance objectives or other vesting provisions will be measured (Performance Period), and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator determines. Each Performance Award will have an initial value that is determined by
the Administrator on or before its date of grant. 

10.2 Objectives or Vesting Provisions and Other Terms. The Administrator will
set any objectives or vesting provisions that, depending on the extent to which any such objectives or vesting provisions are met, will determine the value of the payout for the Performance Awards. The Administrator may set vesting criteria based
upon the achievement of Company-wide, divisional, business unit, or individual goals (including, but not limited to, continued employment or service), applicable federal or state securities laws, or any other basis determined by the
Administrator in its discretion. 

10.3 Earning Performance Awards. After an applicable Performance Period has ended, the holder of
a Performance Award will be entitled to receive a payout for the Performance Award earned by the Participant over the Performance Period. The Administrator, in its discretion, may reduce or waive any performance objectives or other vesting
provisions for such Performance Award. 

10.4 Form and Timing of Payment. Payment of earned Performance Awards will be made at the
time(s) determined by the Administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may settle earned Performance Awards in cash, Shares, or a combination of both. 

10.5 Cancellation of Performance Awards. On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, all unearned or unvested Performance Awards will
be forfeited to the Company, and again will be available for grant under the Plan. 

11. Compliance With
Section 409A. Awards will be designed and operated in such a manner that they are either exempt from the application of, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A such that the grant, payment, settlement or
deferral will not be subject to the additional tax or interest applicable under Section 409A, except as otherwise determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator. The Plan and each Award Agreement under the Plan is intended to be exempt
from or meet the requirements of Section 409A and will be construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent (including with respect to any ambiguities or ambiguous terms), except as otherwise determined in the sole discretion of the
Administrator. To the extent that an Award or payment, or the settlement or deferral thereof, is subject to Section 409A the Award will be granted, paid, settled or deferred in a manner that will meet the requirements of Section 409A, such
that the grant, payment, settlement or deferral will not be subject to the additional tax or interest applicable under Section 409A. In no event will the Company or any of its Parent or Subsidiaries have any responsibility, liability, or
obligation to reimburse, indemnify, or hold harmless a Participant (or any other person) in respect of Awards, for any taxes, penalties or interest that may be imposed on, or other costs incurred by, Participant (or any other person) as a result of
Section 409A. 

-14- 

12. Leaves of Absence/Transfer Between Locations. Unless the Administrator provides
otherwise or as otherwise required by Applicable Laws, vesting of Awards granted hereunder will be suspended during any unpaid leave of absence. A Participant will not cease to be an Employee in the case of (a) any leave of absence approved by
the Company or (b) transfers between locations of the Company or between the Company, its Parent, or any of its Subsidiaries. For purposes of Incentive Stock Options, no such leave may exceed three (3) months, unless reemployment upon
expiration of such leave is guaranteed by statute or contract. If reemployment upon expiration of a leave of absence approved by the Company is not so guaranteed, then six (6) months following the first (1st) day of such leave, any Incentive Stock Option held by the Participant will cease to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option and will be treated for tax purposes as a Nonstatutory Stock Option. 

13. Limited Transferability of Awards. Unless determined otherwise by the Administrator, Awards may not be sold, pledged, assigned,
hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution (which, for purposes of clarification, shall be deemed to include through a beneficiary designation if available in accordance with
Section 6.6), and may be exercised, during the lifetime of the Participant, only by the Participant. If the Administrator makes an Award transferable, such Award will contain such additional terms and conditions as the Administrator deems
appropriate. 

14. Adjustments; Dissolution or Liquidation; Merger or Change in Control. 

14.1 Adjustments. In the event that any extraordinary dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other
securities, or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up,spin-off, combination,
reclassification, repurchase, or exchange of Shares or other securities of the Company, or other change in the corporate structure of the Company affecting the Shares occurs (other than any ordinary dividends or other ordinary distributions), the
Administrator, in order to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan, will adjust the number and class of shares of stock that may be delivered under the Plan and/or the
number, class, and price of shares of stock covered by each outstanding Award, and numerical Share limits in Section 3. 

14.2
Dissolution or Liquidation. In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Administrator will notify each Participant as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such proposed transaction. To the extent
it has not been previously exercised, an Award will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action. 

14.3
Merger or Change in Control. In the event of a merger of the Company with or into another corporation or other entity or a Change in Control, each outstanding Award will be treated as the Administrator determines (subject to the provisions of
the following paragraph) without a Participants consent, including, without limitation, that (a) Awards will be assumed, or substantially equivalent awards will be substituted, by the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate
thereof) with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices; (b) upon written notice to a Participant, that the Participants Awards will terminate upon or immediately prior to the consummation of such merger or
Change in Control; 

-15- 

(c) outstanding Awards will vest and become exercisable, realizable, or payable, or restrictions applicable to an Award will lapse, in whole or in part prior to or upon consummation of such
merger or Change in Control, and, to the extent the Administrator determines, terminate upon or immediately prior to the effectiveness of such merger or Change in Control; (d) (i) the termination of an Award in exchange for an amount of cash
and/or property, if any, equal to the amount that would have been attained upon the exercise of such Award or realization of the Participants rights as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction (and, for the avoidance of doubt, if as of
the date of the occurrence of the transaction the Administrator determines in good faith that no amount would have been attained upon the exercise of such Award or realization of the Participants rights, then such Award may be terminated by
the Company without payment), or (ii) the replacement of such Award with other rights or property selected by the Administrator in its sole discretion; or (e) any combination of the foregoing. In taking any of the actions permitted under
this Section 14.3, the Administrator will not be obligated to treat all Awards, all Awards held by a Participant, all Awards of the same type, or all portions of Awards, similarly. 

In the event that the successor corporation does not assume or substitute for the Award (or portion thereof), the Participant will fully vest
in and have the right to exercise his or her outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights (or portions thereof) not assumed or substituted for, including Shares as to which such Awards would not otherwise be vested or exercisable, all
restrictions on Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares and Performance Units (or portions thereof) not assumed or substituted for will lapse, and, with respect to Awards with performance-based vesting (or portions thereof) not
assumed or substituted for, all performance goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at one hundred percent (100%) of target levels and all other terms and conditions met, in each case, unless specifically provided otherwise under the
applicable Award Agreement or other written agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable. In addition, unless specifically provided otherwise under the applicable Award Agreement or other
written agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable, if an Option or Stock Appreciation Right (or portion thereof) is not assumed or substituted in the event of a merger or Change in
Control, the Administrator will notify the Participant in writing or electronically that the Option or Stock Appreciation Right (or its applicable portion) will be exercisable for a period of time determined by the Administrator in its sole
discretion, and the Option or Stock Appreciation Right (or its applicable portion) will terminate upon the expiration of such period. 

For
the purposes of this Section 14.3 and Section 14.4 below, an Award will be considered assumed if, following the merger or Change in Control, the Award confers the right to purchase or receive, for each Share subject to the Award
immediately prior to the merger or Change in Control, the consideration (whether stock, cash, or other securities or property) received in the merger or Change in Control by holders of Common Stock for each Share held on the effective date of the
transaction (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares); provided, however, that if such consideration received in the merger or Change in Control
is not solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent, the Administrator may, with the consent of the successor corporation, provide for the consideration to be received upon the exercise of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right or
upon the payout of a Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Unit or Performance Share, for each Share subject to such Award, to be solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent equal in fair market value to the per share consideration
received by holders of Common Stock in the merger or Change in Control. 

-16- 

Notwithstanding anything in this Section 14.3 to the contrary, an Award that vests, is
earned or paid-out upon the satisfaction of one or more performance goals will not be considered assumed if the Company or its successor modifies any of such performance goals without the Participants
consent, in all cases, unless specifically provided otherwise under the applicable Award Agreement or other written agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable; provided, however, a
modification to such performance goals only to reflect the successor corporations post-Change in Control corporate structure will not be deemed to invalidate an otherwise valid Award assumption. 

Notwithstanding anything in this Section 14.3 to the contrary, and unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, if an Award that
vests, is earned or paid-out under an Award Agreement is subject to Section 409A and if the change in control definition contained in the Award Agreement (or other agreement related to the Award, as
applicable) does not comply with the definition of change in control for purposes of a distribution under Section 409A, then any payment of an amount that is otherwise accelerated under this Section will be delayed until the
earliest time that such payment would be permissible under Section 409A without triggering any penalties applicable under Section 409A. 

14.4 Outside Director Awards. With respect to Awards granted to an Outside Director, the Outside Director will fully vest in and have
the right to exercise Options and/or Stock Appreciation Rights as to all of the Shares underlying such Award, including those Shares which otherwise would not be vested or exercisable, all restrictions on Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units
will lapse, and, with respect to Awards with performance-based vesting, all performance goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at one hundred percent (100%) of target levels and all other terms and conditions met, unless
specifically provided otherwise under the applicable Award Agreement or other written agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Parent or Subsidiaries, as applicable. 

15. Award Limitations. 

(a) Outside Director Award Limitations. No Outside Director may be paid, issued, or granted, in any Fiscal Year, equity awards
(including any Awards issued under this Plan) with an aggregate value (the value of which will be based on their grant date fair value determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles) and any other compensation (including
without limitation any cash retainers or fees) that, in the aggregate, exceed $750,000, increased to $1,000,000 for such Outside Director for the Fiscal Year in which he or she joins the Board as an Outside Director. Any Awards or other compensation
paid or provided to an individual for his or her services as an Employee, or for his or her services as a Consultant (other than as an Outside Director), will not count for purposes of the limitation under this Section 15(a). 

(b) Dividends and Other Distributions. Service Providers holding Awards granted under the Plan will not be entitled to receive any
dividends or other distributions paid with respect to Shares underlying any such Award until such Award has fully vested, and all Periods of Restriction with respect to such Award has lapsed, and Shares have been issued (as evidenced by the
appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company) pursuant to such Award. 

-17- 

16. Tax Withholding. 

16.1 Withholding Requirements. Prior to the delivery of any Shares or cash pursuant to an Award (or exercise thereof) or such earlier
time as any tax withholdings are due, the Company (or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries, or affiliates employing or retaining the services of a Participant, as applicable) will have the power and the right to deduct or withhold, or require a
Participant to remit to the Company (or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries, or affiliates, as applicable) or a relevant tax authority, an amount sufficient to satisfy U.S. federal, state, local, non-U.S., and
other taxes (including the Participants FICA obligation) required to be withheld or paid with respect to such Award (or exercise thereof). 

16.2 Withholding Arrangements. The Administrator, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to
time, may permit a Participant to satisfy such tax liability or withholding obligation, in whole or in part by such methods as the Administrator shall determine, including, without limitation, (a) paying cash, (b) electing to have the
Company withhold otherwise deliverable cash or Shares having a fair market value equal to the minimum statutory amount required to be withheld or such greater amount as the Administrator may determine if such amount would not have adverse accounting
consequences, as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion, (c) delivering to the Company already-owned Shares having a fair market value equal to the statutory amount required to be withheld or such greater amount as the
Administrator may determine, in each case, provided the delivery of such Shares will not result in any adverse accounting consequences, as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion, (d) selling a sufficient number of Shares otherwise
deliverable to the Participant through such means as the Administrator may determine in its sole discretion (whether through a broker or otherwise) equal to the amount required to be withheld or paid, (e) such other consideration and method of
payment for the meeting of tax liabilities or withholding obligations as the Administrator may determine to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws, or (f) any combination of the foregoing methods of payment. The amount of the withholding
requirement will be deemed to include any amount which the Administrator agrees may be withheld at the time the election is made, not to exceed the amount determined by using the maximum federal, state or local marginal income tax rates applicable
to the Participant with respect to the Award on the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined or such greater amount as the Administrator may determine if such amount would not have adverse accounting consequences, as the
Administrator determines in its sole discretion. The fair market value of the Shares to be withheld or delivered will be determined as of the date that the taxes are required to be withheld. 

17. No Effect on Employment or Service. Neither the Plan nor any Award will confer upon a Participant any right with respect to
continuing the Participants relationship as a Service Provider with the Company or its Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable, nor will they interfere in any way with the Participants right or the right of the Company and its
Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable, to terminate such relationship at any time, with or without cause, to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws. 

-18- 

18. Date of Grant. The date of grant of an Award will be, for all purposes, the date
on which the Administrator makes the determination granting such Award, or such other later date as is determined by the Administrator. Notice of the determination will be provided to each Participant within a reasonable time after the date of such
grant. 

19. Term of Plan. Subject to Section 23 of the Plan, the Plan will become effective as of its adoption by the Board.
The Plan will continue in effect until terminated under Section 20, but no Options that qualify as incentive stock options within the meaning of Code Section 422 may be granted after ten (10) years from the earlier of the Board or
stockholder approval of the Plan. 

20. Amendment and Termination of the Plan. 

20.1 Amendment and Termination. The Administrator may at any time amend, alter, suspend or terminate the Plan. 

20.2 Stockholder Approval. The Company will obtain stockholder approval of any Plan amendment to the extent necessary and desirable to
comply with Applicable Laws. 

20.3 Effect of Amendment or Termination. No amendment, alteration, suspension or termination of the
Plan will materially impair the rights of any Participant, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Participant and the Administrator, which agreement must be in writing and signed by the Participant and the Company. Termination of the Plan will
not affect the Administrators ability to exercise the powers granted to it hereunder with respect to Awards granted under the Plan prior to the date of such termination. 

21. Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares. 

21.1 Legal Compliance. Shares will not be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Award unless the exercise of such Award and the
issuance and delivery of such Shares will comply with Applicable Laws and will be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance. 

21.2 Investment Representations. As a condition to the exercise of an Award, the Company may require the person exercising such Award
to represent and warrant at the time of any such exercise that the Shares are being purchased only for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a
representation is required. 

22. Inability to Obtain Authority. The inability of the Company to obtain authority from any
regulatory body having jurisdiction or to complete or comply with the requirements of any registration or other qualification of the Shares under any U.S. state or federal law or non-U.S. law or under the
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the stock exchange on which Shares of the same class are then listed, or any other governmental or regulatory body, which authority, registration, qualification or rule compliance is
deemed by the Companys counsel to be necessary or advisable for the issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, will relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite
authority, registration, qualification or rule compliance will not have been obtained. 

-19- 

23. Stockholder Approval. The Plan will be subject to approval by the stockholders of
the Company within twelve (12) months after the date the Plan is adopted by the Board. Such stockholder approval will be obtained in the manner and to the degree required under Applicable Laws. 

24. Forfeiture Events. The Administrator may specify in an Award Agreement that the Participants rights, payments, and benefits
with respect to an Award will be subject to the reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, recoupment, reimbursement, or reacquisition upon the occurrence of certain specified events, in addition to any otherwise applicable vesting or performance
conditions of an Award. Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary under this Plan, an Award shall be subject to the Companys clawback policy as may be established and/or amended from time to time to comply with Applicable Laws (including
without limitation pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which the Companys securities are listed or as may be required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act) (the Clawback Policy). The Administrator may require a Participant to forfeit, return or reimburse the Company all or a portion of the Award and any amounts paid thereunder pursuant to the terms
of the Clawback Policy or as necessary or appropriate to comply with Applicable Laws. Unless this Section 24 specifically is mentioned and waived in an Award Agreement or other document, no recovery of compensation under a Clawback Policy or
otherwise will constitute an event that triggers or contributes to any right of a Participant to resign for good reason or constructive termination (or similar term) under any agreement with the Company or any Parent or
Subsidiary of the Company. 

* * * 

-20-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>fbrx-20250124.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>fbrx-20250124_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>fbrx-20250124_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 24, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001419041

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 24, 2025

Entity Registrant Name FORTE BIOSCIENCES, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-38052

Entity Tax Identification Number 26-1243872

Entity Address, Address Line One 3060 Pegasus Park Dr.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Building 6

Entity Address, City or Town Dallas

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75247

City Area Code (310)

Local Phone Number 618-6994

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol FBRX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.fortebiorx.com//20250124/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d875887d8k.htm 
fbrx-20250124.xsd 
fbrx-20250124_lab.xml 
fbrx-20250124_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-012236-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>d875887d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001419041 

2025-01-24 
2025-01-24 

false 
0001419041 
8-K 
2025-01-24 
FORTE BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
DE 
001-38052 
26-1243872 
3060 Pegasus Park Dr. 
Building 6 
Dallas 
TX 
75247 
(310) 
618-6994 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
FBRX 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>