<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-014042.txt : 20250214
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-014042.hdr.sgml : 20250214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250214160514
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-014042
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250214
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HEALTHPEAK PROPERTIES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000765880
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				330091377
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08895
		FILM NUMBER:		25628297

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4600 SOUTH SYRACUSE STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80237
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949-407-0700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4600 SOUTH SYRACUSE STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80237

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HCP, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070911

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HEALTH CARE PROPERTY INVESTORS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm255424d9_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000076588000007658802025-02-142025-02-14iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 14, 2025

Healthpeak
Properties, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Maryland 001-08895 33-0091377

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

4600 South Syracuse Street, Suite 500

Denver, CO80237

(Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip Code)

(720) 428-5050

(Registrants telephone number,
including area code)

N/A

(Former name or former
address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425
under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to
Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $1.00 par value DOC New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01 Other Events

On February 14, 2025, Healthpeak OP, LLC, a Maryland limited liability
company (Healthpeak OP) and subsidiary of Healthpeak Properties, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company),
completed its underwritten offering (the Offering) of $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.375% senior notes
due 2035 (the Notes). The estimated net proceeds from the Offering are expected to be approximately $493.2 million, after
deducting the underwriting discount and estimated fees and expenses payable by Healthpeak OP. Healthpeak OP intends to use the net proceeds
from the Offering to repay borrowings outstanding under its commercial paper program and for general corporate purposes, which may include
repaying or repurchasing other indebtedness, working capital, acquisitions, development and redevelopment activities, and capital expenditures.
Pending application of the net proceeds from the offering for the foregoing purposes, such proceeds may initially be invested in short-term
securities.

The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed (the Guarantees),
on a joint and several basis, by each of the Company, DOC DR Holdco, LLC (DOC Holdco), and DOC DR, LLC (together with the
Company and DOC Holdco, the Guarantors). The Notes and the Guarantees are governed by the terms of an indenture, dated February 14,
2025 (the Base Indenture), among Healthpeak OP, the Guarantors, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee
(the Trustee), as supplemented by a first supplemental indenture, dated as of February 14, 2025 (the First Supplemental
Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), by and among Healthpeak OP, the Guarantors, and
the Trustee. Copies of the Base Indenture and the First Supplemental Indenture are filed as Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, respectively, to this
Current Report on Form 8-K.

The Notes will mature on February 15, 2035, and Healthpeak OP
will pay interest on the Notes semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15, beginning on August 15, 2025. The
Notes will be Healthpeak OPs senior unsecured obligations and will be equal in right of payment with all of Healthpeak OPs
existing and future senior indebtedness. The Notes will be effectively junior to all of Healthpeak OPs existing and future secured
indebtedness to the extent of the collateral securing that indebtedness and will be structurally subordinated to all existing and future
indebtedness and other liabilities of Healthpeak OPs subsidiaries that do not guarantee the notes. Each Guarantee will be the respective
Guarantors senior unsecured obligations and will be equal in right of payment with all of the respective Guarantors existing
and future senior indebtedness and senior guarantees. Each Guarantee will be effectively junior to all of the respective Guarantors
existing and future secured indebtedness and secured guarantees to the extent of the collateral securing that indebtedness and guarantees
and will be structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities of the respective Guarantors
subsidiaries that do not guarantee the notes.

Prior to November 15, 2034 (the Par Call Date),
Healthpeak OP may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed
as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: (i) (a) the sum of the present
values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes matured
on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined
in the First Supplemental Indenture) plus 20 basis points less (b) interest accrued to, but excluding, the redemption date; and (ii) 100%
of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes being redeemed to,
but excluding, the redemption date. On or after the Par Call Date, Healthpeak OP may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time
and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid
interest on the Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the redemption date.

The Notes and the Guarantees have been registered under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to an effective Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration Nos. 333-276954, 333-276954-01,
333-276954-02 and 333-276954-03), filed with the Commission on February 8, 2024, as amended. The description of the Base Indenture,
the First Supplemental Indenture, and the Notes herein are summaries and are qualified in their entirety by the terms of the Base Indenture,
the First Supplemental Indenture, and the form of the Notes. Copies of the Base Indenture, the First Supplemental Indenture, and the form
of the Notes are filed as exhibits hereto, and each is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.
The following exhibits are being filed herewith:

No. Description

4.1 Base Indenture, dated February 14, 2025, by and among Healthpeak OP, LLC, the Guarantors, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee.

4.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated February 14, 2025, by and among Healthpeak OP, LLC, the Guarantors, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee.

4.3 Form of 5.375% Senior Notes due 2035 (included in Exhibit 4.2).

5.1 Opinion of Ballard Spahr LLP.

5.2 Opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP.

23.1 Consent of Ballard Spahr LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).

23.2 Consent of Latham & Watkins LLP (included in Exhibit 5.2).

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly
authorized.

HEALTHPEAK PROPERTIES, INC.

(Registrant)

Date: February 14, 2025 By: /s/ Peter A. Scott

Name: Peter A. Scott

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm255424d9_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

HEALTHPEAK OP, LLC,

as issuer,

INDENTURE

Dated as of February 14, 2025

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,

as Trustee

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION
BY REFERENCE 1

Section 1.1. Definitions 1

Section 1.2. Other Definitions 5

Section 1.3. Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act 5

Section 1.4. Rules of Construction 6

ARTICLE II. THE SECURITIES 6

Section 2.1. Issuable in Series 6

Section 2.2. Establishment of Terms of Series of Securities 7

Section 2.3. Execution and Authentication 10

Section 2.4. Registrar, Paying Agent and Notice Agent 11

Section 2.5. Paying Agent to Hold Money in Trust 11

Section 2.6. Holder Lists 12

Section 2.7. Transfer and Exchange 12

Section 2.8. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Securities 13

Section 2.9. Outstanding Securities 13

Section 2.10. Treasury Securities 14

Section 2.11. Temporary Securities 14

Section 2.12. Cancellation 14

Section 2.13. Defaulted Interest 15

Section 2.14. Global Securities 15

Section 2.15. CUSIP Numbers 17

ARTICLE III. REDEMPTION 17

Section 3.1. Notice to Trustee 17

Section 3.2. Selection of Securities to be Redeemed 18

Section 3.3. Notice of Redemption 18

Section 3.4. Effect of Notice of Redemption 19

Section 3.5. Deposit of Redemption Price 19

Section 3.6. Securities Redeemed in Part 19

ARTICLE IV. COVENANTS 19

Section 4.1. Payment of Principal and Interest 19

Section 4.2. SEC Reports 19

Section 4.3. Compliance Certificate 20

Section 4.4. Stay, Extension and Usury Laws 20

ARTICLE V. SUCCESSORS 21

Section 5.1. When Company May Merge, Etc. 21

Section 5.2. Successor Entity Substituted 21

Section 5.3. Managing Member May Consolidate on Certain Terms 22

Section 5.4. Managing Member Successor to Be Substituted 22

Section 5.5. DOC Guarantors May Consolidate on Certain Terms 22

i

Section 5.6. DOC Guarantors Successor to Be Substituted 23

ARTICLE VI. DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 23

Section 6.1. Events of Default 23

Section 6.2. Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment 25

Section 6.3. Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement
by Trustee 25

Section 6.4. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim 26

Section 6.5. Trustee May Enforce Claims Without Possession
of Securities 27

Section 6.6. Application of Money Collected 27

Section 6.7. Limitation on Suits 27

Section 6.8. Unconditional Right of Holders to Receive Principal
and Interest 28

Section 6.9. Restoration of Rights and Remedies 28

Section 6.10. Rights and Remedies Cumulative 28

Section 6.11. Delay or Omission Not Waiver 29

Section 6.12. Control by Holders 29

Section 6.13. Waiver of Past Defaults 29

Section 6.14. Undertaking for Costs 30

ARTICLE VII. TRUSTEE 30

Section 7.1. Duties of Trustee 30

Section 7.2. Rights of Trustee 31

Section 7.3. Individual Rights of Trustee 32

Section 7.4. Trustees Disclaimer 33

Section 7.5. Notice of Defaults 33

Section 7.6. Reports by Trustee to Holders 33

Section 7.7. Compensation and Indemnity 33

Section 7.8. Replacement of Trustee 34

Section 7.9. Successor Trustee by Merger, Etc. 35

Section 7.10. Eligibility; Disqualification 35

Section 7.11. Preferential Collection of Claims Against Company 35

ARTICLE VIII. SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE;
DEFEASANCE 36

Section 8.1. Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture 36

Section 8.2. Application of Trust Funds; Indemnification 37

Section 8.3. Legal Defeasance of Securities of any Series 38

Section 8.4. Covenant Defeasance 39

Section 8.5. Repayment to Company 40

Section 8.6. Reinstatement 40

ARTICLE IX. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS 41

Section 9.1. Without Consent of Holders 41

Section 9.2. With Consent of Holders 42

Section 9.3. Limitations 42

Section 9.4. Compliance with Trust Indenture Act 43

Section 9.5. Revocation and Effect of Consents 43

Section 9.6. Notation on or Exchange of Securities 43

Section 9.7. Trustee Protected 44

ii

ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS 44

Section 10.1. Trust Indenture Act Controls 44

Section 10.2. Notices 44

Section 10.3. Communication by Holders with Other Holders 46

Section 10.4. Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent 46

Section 10.5. Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion 46

Section 10.6. Rules by Trustee and Agents 46

Section 10.7. Legal Holidays 47

Section 10.8. No Recourse Against Others 47

Section 10.9. Counterparts 47

Section 10.10. Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial; Consent to Jurisdiction 47

Section 10.11. No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements 48

Section 10.12. Successors 48

Section 10.13. Severability 48

Section 10.14. Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. 48

Section 10.15. Securities in a Foreign Currency 49

Section 10.16. Judgment Currency 49

Section 10.17. Force Majeure 50

Section 10.18. U.S.A. Patriot Act 50

ARTICLE XI. SINKING FUNDS 50

Section 11.1. Applicability of Article 50

Section 11.2. Satisfaction of Sinking Fund Payments with Securities 50

Section 11.3. Redemption of Securities for Sinking Fund 51

ARTICLE XII. GUARANTEE 51

Section 12.1. Unconditional Guarantee 51

Section 12.2. Limitation on Guarantors Liability 53

Section 12.3. Release of Guarantors from Guarantee 53

iii

HEALTHPEAK
OP, LLC

Reconciliation and tie between Trust Indenture
Act of 1939 and

Indenture, dated as of February 14, 2025

310(a)(1) 7.10

(a)(2) 7.10

(a)(3) Not Applicable

(a)(4) Not Applicable

(a)(5) 7.10

(b) 7.10

311(a) 7.11

(b) 7.11

(c) Not Applicable

312(a) 2.6

(b) 10.3

(c) 10.3

313(a) 7.6

(b)(1) 7.6

(b)(2) 7.6

(c)(1) 7.6

(d) 7.6

314(a) 4.2, 10.5

(b) Not Applicable

(c)(1) 10.4

(c)(2) 10.4

(c)(3) Not Applicable

(d) Not Applicable

(e) 10.5

(f) Not Applicable

315(a) 7.1

(b) 7.5

(c) 7.1

(d) 7.1

(e) 6.14

316(a) 2.10

(a)(1)(A) 6.12

(a)(1)(B) 6.13

(b) 6.8

317(a)(1) 6.3

(a)(2) 6.4

(b) 2.5

318(a) 10.1

Note: This reconciliation and tie shall not,
for any purpose, be deemed to be part of the Indenture.

iv

Indenture, dated as of February 14,
2025 between Healthpeak OP, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company (Company), the Guarantors (as defined herein)
party hereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association, as trustee (Trustee).

Each party agrees as follows
for the benefit of the other party and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Securities issued under this Indenture.

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE

Section 1.1. Definitions.

Additional Amounts
means any additional amounts which are required hereby or by any Security, under circumstances specified herein or therein, to be paid
by the Company in respect of certain taxes imposed on Holders specified herein or therein and which are owing to such Holders.

Affiliate
of any specified person means any other person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under common control with such
specified person. For the purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meanings, the terms controlled
by and under common control with), as used with respect to any person, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly,
of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such person, whether through the ownership of voting securities
or by agreement or otherwise.

Agent
means any Registrar, Paying Agent or Notice Agent.

Board of Directors
means the board of directors of the Managing Member or any duly authorized committee thereof.

Board Resolution
means a copy of a resolution certified by the Corporate Secretary of the Managing Member to have been adopted by the Board of Directors
or pursuant to authorization by the Board of Directors and to be in full force and effect on the date of the certificate and delivered
to the Trustee.

Business Day
means, unless otherwise provided by Board Resolution, Officers Certificate or supplemental indenture hereto for a particular Series,
any day except a Saturday, Sunday, a day on which banking institutions in the state in which the Corporate Trust Office is located or
a legal holiday in the City of New York, New York (or in connection with any payment, the place of payment) on which banking institutions
are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close.

Capital Stock
means (a) in the case of a corporation, corporate stock (b) in the case of an association or business entity, any and
all shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated and whether or not voting) of corporate stock,
including each class of common stock and preferred stock of such person and (c) in the case of a partnership or limited liability
company, partnership or membership interests (whether general or limited).

Company
means the party named as such above until a successor replaces it and thereafter means the successor.

Company Order
means a written order signed in the name of the Company by an Officer of the Managing Member and delivered to the Trustee.

Corporate Trust Office
means the office of the Trustee at which at any particular time its corporate trust business related to this Indenture shall be principally
administered, which office at the date of the Indenture is located at the address for the Trustee set forth in Section 10.2, or
such other address as the Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Company.

CUSIP
means the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures and will be used pursuant to Section 2.15.

Default
means any event which is, or after notice, passage of time or both would be, an Event of Default.

Depositary
means, with respect to the Securities of any Series issuable or issued in whole or in part in the form of one or more Global Securities,
the person designated as Depositary for such Series by the Company, which Depositary shall be a clearing agency registered under
the Exchange Act; and if at any time there is more than one such person, Depositary as used with respect to the Securities
of any Series shall mean the Depositary with respect to the Securities of such Series.

Discount Security
means any Security that provides for an amount less than the stated principal amount thereof to be due and payable upon declaration of
acceleration of the maturity thereof pursuant to Section 6.2.

Dollars
and $ means the currency of the United States of America.

DOC Guarantors
means, collectively, DOC DR, LLC and DOC DR Holdco, LLC.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Foreign Currency
means any currency or currency unit issued by a government other than the government of the United States of America.

Foreign Government
Obligations means, with respect to Securities of any Series that are denominated in a Foreign Currency, direct obligations
of, or obligations guaranteed by, the government that issued or caused to be issued such currency for the payment of which obligations
its full faith and credit is pledged and which are not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof.

GAAP means
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting
Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting
Standards Board or in such other statements by such other entity as have been approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession,
which are in effect as of the date of determination.

2

Global Security
or Global Securities means a Security or Securities, as the case may be, in the form established pursuant to Section 2.2
evidencing all or part of a Series of Securities, issued to the Depositary for such Series or its nominee, and registered in
the name of such Depositary or nominee.

Guarantor
means each person that executes this Indenture as a guarantor and its respective successors and assigns, in each case until the Guarantee
of such person has been released in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture provided, however, that such person shall
be a Guarantor only with respect to a Series of Securities for which such person has executed a supplemental indenture with respect
to such Series.

Holder
means a person in whose name a Security is registered on the Registrars books.

Indenture
means this Indenture as amended or supplemented from time to time and shall include the form and terms of particular Series of Securities
established as contemplated hereunder.

interest
with respect to any Discount Security which by its terms bears interest only after Maturity, means interest payable after Maturity.

Managing Member
means Healthpeak Properties, Inc., a Maryland corporation, and, subject to the provision in Article V, its successors and assigns.

Maturity
when used with respect to any Security, means the date on which the principal of such Security becomes due and payable as therein or
herein provided, whether at the Stated Maturity or by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise.

Officer
means the Chair of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer, the General Counsel,
any Deputy or Assistant General Counsel, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer, the Controller, any Assistant Controller, the Corporate
Secretary, any Assistant Corporate Secretary or any Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President, or Vice President of the Managing
Member or any Guarantor, as the case may be. For the avoidance of doubt, any officer with the word Chief in his or her
title is deemed to be an Executive Vice President of the Company or the Managing Member.

Officers Certificate
means a certificate signed by any Officer that meets the requirements of this Indenture.

Opinion of Counsel
means a written opinion of legal counsel, who is acceptable to the Trustee. The counsel may be an employee of or counsel to the Company
or the Managing Member. The opinion may contain customary limitations, conditions and exceptions.

3

person
means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, limited liability company, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated
organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

principal
of a Security means the principal of the Security plus, when appropriate, the premium, if any, on, and any Additional Amounts in respect
of, the Security.

Responsible Officer
means any officer of the Trustee in its Corporate Trust Office having responsibility for administration of this Indenture and also means,
with respect to a particular corporate trust matter, any other officer to whom any corporate trust matter relating to this Indenture
is referred because of his or her knowledge of and familiarity with a particular subject.

SEC means
the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Security
or Securities means the debentures, notes or other debt instruments of the Company of any Series authenticated
and delivered under this Indenture, provided, however that, if at any time there is more than one person acting as Trustee under this
Indenture, Securities, with respect to any such person, shall mean Securities authenticated and delivered under this Indenture,
exclusive, however, of Securities of any Series as to which such person is not Trustee.

Series
or Series of Securities means each series of debentures, notes or other debt instruments of the Company created
pursuant to Sections 2.1 and 2.2 hereof.

Stated Maturity
when used with respect to any Security, means the date specified in such Security as the fixed date on which the principal of such Security
or interest is due and payable.

Subsidiary
of any specified person means any corporation, association or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting power
of shares of Capital Stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers
or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries
of that person or a combination thereof.

TIA means
the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S. Code 77aaa-77bbbb) as in effect on the date of this Indenture; provided,
however, that in the event the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 is amended after such date, TIA means, to the extent
required by any such amendment, the Trust Indenture Act as so amended.

Trustee
means the person named as the Trustee in the first paragraph of this instrument until a successor Trustee shall have become
such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter Trustee shall mean or include each person
who is then a Trustee hereunder, and if at any time there is more than one such person, Trustee as used with respect to
the Securities of any Series shall mean the Trustee with respect to Securities of that Series.

U.S. Government Obligations
means securities which are direct obligations of, or guaranteed by, the United States of America for the payment of which its full faith
and credit is pledged and which are not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof and shall also include a depositary
receipt issued by a bank or trust company as custodian with respect to any such U.S. Government Obligation or a specific payment of interest
on or principal of any such U.S. Government Obligation held by such custodian for the account of the holder of a depositary receipt,
provided that (except as required by law) such custodian is not authorized to make any deduction from the amount payable to the
holder of such depositary receipt from any amount received by the custodian in respect of the U.S. Government Obligation evidenced by
such depositary receipt.

4

Section 1.2. Other
Definitions.

TERM DEFINED
IN SECTION

Agent Member 2.14.6

Bankruptcy Law 6.1

Guarantee 12.1(b)

Custodian 6.1

Event of Default 6.1

Judgment Currency 10.16

mandatory sinking fund payment 11.1

New York Banking Day 10.16

Notice Agent 2.4

optional sinking fund payment 11.1

Paying Agent 2.4

Registrar 2.4

Required Currency 10.16

Specified Courts 10.10

successor person 5.1

Section 1.3. Incorporation
by Reference of Trust Indenture Act.

Whenever this Indenture refers
to a provision of the TIA, the provision is incorporated by reference in and made a part of this Indenture. The following TIA terms used
in this Indenture have the following meanings:

Commission
means the SEC.

indenture securities
means the Securities.

indenture security
holder means a Holder.

indenture to be qualified
means this Indenture.

indenture trustee
or institutional trustee means the Trustee.

obligor on the indenture
securities means the Company and any successor obligor upon the Securities.

5

All other terms used in this
Indenture that are defined by the TIA, defined by TIA reference to another statute or defined by SEC rule under the TIA and not
otherwise defined herein are used herein as so defined.

Section 1.4. 
Rules of Construction.

Unless the context otherwise
requires:

(a) a
term has the meaning assigned to it;

(b) an
accounting term not otherwise defined has the meaning assigned to it in accordance with GAAP;

(c) or
is not exclusive;

(d) words
in the singular include the plural, and in the plural include the singular;

(e) provisions
apply to successive events and transactions;

(f) in
the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and
including, and the words to and until each mean to but excluding; and

(g) the
phrase in writing as used herein shall be deemed to include PDFs, e-mails and other electronic means of transmission, unless
otherwise indicated.

ARTICLE II.

THE SECURITIES

Section 2.1. Issuable
in Series.

The aggregate principal amount
of Securities that may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture is unlimited. The Securities may be issued in one or more
Series. All Securities of a Series shall be identical except as may be set forth or determined in the manner provided in a Board
Resolution, a supplemental indenture or an Officers Certificate detailing the adoption of the terms thereof pursuant to authority
granted under a Board Resolution. In the case of Securities of a Series to be issued from time to time, the Board Resolution, Officers
Certificate or supplemental indenture detailing the adoption of the terms thereof pursuant to authority granted under a Board Resolution
may provide for the method by which specified terms (such as interest rate, maturity date, record date or date from which interest shall
accrue) are to be determined. Securities may differ between Series in respect of any matters, provided that all Series of Securities
shall be equally and ratably entitled to the benefits of the Indenture.

6

Section 2.2. Establishment
of Terms of Series of Securities.

At or prior to the issuance
of any Securities within a Series, the following shall be established (as to the Series generally, in the case of Subsection 2.2.1
and either as to such Securities within the Series or as to the Series generally in the case of Subsections 2.2.2 through 2.2.30)
by or pursuant to a Board Resolution, and set forth or determined in the manner provided in a Board Resolution, supplemental indenture
hereto or Officers Certificate:

2.2.1. the
title (which shall distinguish the Securities of that particular Series from the Securities of any other Series) and ranking (including
the terms of any subordination provisions) of the Series;

2.2.2. the
price or prices (expressed as a percentage of the principal amount thereof) at which the Securities of the Series will be issued;

2.2.3. any
limit upon the aggregate principal amount of the Securities of the Series, which may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture
(except for Securities authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other Securities
of the Series pursuant to Section 2.7, 2.8, 2.11, 3.6 or 9.6) and whether additional Securities of that Series may be
issued without the consent of Holders of outstanding Securities of that Series or any other Series; provided, that in the
event that additional Securities of such Series may be so issued, the terms thereof shall indicate whether any such additional Securities
shall have the same terms as the prior Securities of such Series or whether the Issuer may establish additional or different terms
with respect to such additional Securities;

2.2.4. the
date or dates on which the principal of the Securities of the Series is payable;

2.2.5. the
rate or rates (which may be fixed or variable) per annum or, if applicable, the method used to determine such rate or rates (including,
but not limited to, any commodity, commodity index, stock exchange index or financial index) at which the Securities of the Series shall
bear interest, if any, the date or dates from which such interest, if any, shall accrue, the date or dates on which such interest, if
any, shall commence and be payable, any regular record date for the interest payable on any interest payment date and the basis upon
which interest shall be calculated if other than that of a 360 day year of twelve 30 day months;

2.2.6. the
place or places where the principal of and interest, if any, on the Securities of the Series shall be payable, where the Securities
of such Series may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange and where notices and demands to or upon the Company
in respect of the Securities of such Series and this Indenture may be delivered, and the method of such payment, if by wire transfer,
mail or other means;

2.2.7. if
applicable, the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which and the terms and conditions upon which the Securities of
the Series may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at the option of the Company;

2.2.8. the
obligation, if any, of the Company to redeem or purchase the Securities of the Series pursuant to any sinking fund or analogous
provisions or at the option of a Holder thereof and the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which and the terms and
conditions upon which Securities of the Series shall be redeemed or purchased, in whole or in part, pursuant to such obligation;

7

2.2.9. the
dates, if any, on which and the price or prices at which the Securities of the Series will be repurchased by the Company at the
option of the Holders thereof and other detailed terms and provisions of such repurchase obligations;

2.2.10. if
other than denominations of $1,000 and any integral multiple thereof, the denominations in which the Securities of the Series shall
be issuable;

2.2.11. the
forms of the Securities of the Series and whether the Securities will be issuable as Global Securities;

2.2.12. if
other than the principal amount thereof, the portion of the principal amount of the Securities of the Series that shall be payable
upon declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof pursuant to Section 6.2;

2.2.13. the
currency of denomination of the Securities of the Series, which may be Dollars or any Foreign Currency, and if such currency of denomination
is a composite currency, the agency or organization, if any, responsible for overseeing such composite currency;

2.2.14. the
designation of the currency, currencies or currency units in which payment of the principal of and interest, if any, on the Securities
of the Series will be made;

2.2.15. if
payments of principal of or interest, if any, on the Securities of the Series are to be made in one or more currencies or currency
units other than that or those in which such Securities are denominated, the manner in which the exchange rate with respect to such payments
will be determined;

2.2.16. the
manner in which the amounts of payment of principal of or interest, if any, on the Securities of the Series will be determined,
if such amounts may be determined by reference to an index based on a currency or currencies or by reference to a commodity, commodity
index, stock exchange index or financial index;

2.2.17. the
provisions, if any, relating to any security provided for the Securities of the Series or any Guarantees;

2.2.18. any
addition to, deletion of or change in the Events of Default which applies to any Securities of the Series and any change in the
right of the Trustee or the requisite Holders of such Securities to declare the principal amount thereof due and payable pursuant to
Section 6.2;

2.2.19. any
addition to, deletion of or change in the covenants applicable to Securities of the Series;

8

2.2.20. any
Depositaries, interest rate calculation agents, exchange rate calculation agents or other agents with respect to Securities of such Series if
other than those appointed herein;

2.2.21. the
provisions, if any, relating to conversion or exchange of any Securities of such Series, including if applicable, the conversion or exchange
price, the conversion or exchange period, provisions as to whether conversion or exchange will be mandatory, at the option of the Holders
thereof or at the option of the Company, the events requiring an adjustment of the conversion price or exchange price and provisions
affecting conversion or exchange if such Series of Securities are redeemed;

2.2.22. any
other terms of the Series (which may supplement, modify or delete any provision of this Indenture insofar as it applies to such
Series), including any terms that may be required under applicable law or regulations or advisable in connection with the marketing of
Securities of that Series; and

2.2.23. whether
the Securities of such Series are entitled to the benefits of the Guarantee of any Guarantor pursuant to this Indenture, whether
any such Guarantee shall be made on a senior or subordinated basis and, if applicable, a description of the subordination terms of any
such Guarantee

2.2.24. if
a person other than U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association is to act as Trustee for the Securities of that Series, the name and
location of the designated corporate trust office of such Trustee

2.2.25. the
securities exchanges, if any, on which the Securities of the Series may be listed

2.2.26. if
the Securities of that Series do not bear interest, the applicable dates for purposes of Section 2.6

2.2.27. if
Securities of the Series are to be issuable initially in the form of a temporary Global Security, the circumstances under which
the temporary Global Security can be exchanged for definitive Securities

2.2.28. whether
Securities of that Series are to be issuable in bearer form and any additions or changes to any of the provisions of this Indenture
as shall be necessary to permit or facilitate the issuance of Securities in bearer form, registrable or not registrable as to principal,
and with or without interest coupons

2.2.29. the
applicability, if any, of Sections 8.3 and/or 8.4 to the Securities of the Series and any provisions in modification of, in addition
to or in lieu of any of the provisions of Article VIII and

2.2.30. any
change in the right of the Trustee or the right of the requisite Holders of Securities to declare the principal amount thereof due and
payable.

9

All Securities of any particular
Series shall be substantially identical except as to denomination and the date from which interest, if any, shall accrue, and except
as may otherwise be provided in or pursuant to such Board Resolutions and set forth in such Officers Certificate relating thereto
or provided in or pursuant to any supplemental indenture hereto. All Securities of any one Series need not be issued at the same
time and may be issued from time to time, consistent with the terms of this Indenture, if so provided by or pursuant to the Board Resolution,
supplemental indenture hereto or Officers Certificate referred to above.

Section 2.3. Execution
and Authentication.

An Officer shall sign the Securities
for the Company by manual, facsimile or electronic signature.

If an Officer whose signature
is on a Security no longer holds that office at the time the Security is authenticated, the Security shall nevertheless be valid.

A Security shall not be valid
until authenticated by the manual signature of an authorized signatory of the Trustee or an authenticating agent. The signature shall
be conclusive evidence that the Security has been authenticated under this Indenture.

The Trustee shall at any time,
and from time to time, authenticate Securities for original issue in the principal amount provided in the Board Resolution, supplemental
indenture hereto or Officers Certificate, upon receipt by the Trustee of a Company Order. Each Security shall be dated the date
of its authentication.

The aggregate principal amount
of Securities of any Series outstanding at any time may not exceed any limit upon the maximum principal amount for such Series set
forth in the Board Resolution, supplemental indenture hereto or Officers Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 2.2, except
as provided in Section 2.8.

Prior to the issuance of Securities
of any Series, the Trustee shall have received and (subject to Section 7.2) shall be fully protected in relying on: (a) the
Board Resolution, supplemental indenture hereto or Officers Certificate establishing the form of the Securities of that Series or
of Securities within that Series and the terms of the Securities of that Series or of Securities within that Series, (b) an
Officers Certificate complying with Sections 10.4 and 10.5, and (c) an Opinion of Counsel complying with Sections 10.4 and
10.5.

The Trustee shall have the
right to decline to authenticate and deliver any Securities of such Series: (a) if the Trustee, being advised by counsel, determines
that such action may not be taken lawfully; or (b) if the Trustee in good faith determines that such action may expose the Trustee
to personal liability.

The Trustee may appoint an
authenticating agent acceptable to the Company to authenticate Securities. An authenticating agent may authenticate Securities whenever
the Trustee may do so. Each reference in this Indenture to authentication by the Trustee includes authentication by such agent. An authenticating
agent has the same rights as an Agent to deal with the Company or an Affiliate of the Company.

10

Section 2.4. Registrar,
Paying Agent and Notice Agent.

The Company shall maintain,
with respect to each Series of Securities, at the place or places specified with respect to such Series pursuant to Section 2.2,
an office or agency where Securities of such Series may be presented or surrendered for payment (Paying Agent),
where Securities of such Series may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange (Registrar) and
where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Securities of such Series and this Indenture may be delivered
(Notice Agent). The Registrar shall keep a register with respect to each Series of Securities and to their
transfer and exchange. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the name and address, and any change in the name
or address, of each Registrar, Paying Agent or Notice Agent. If at any time the Company shall fail to maintain any such required Registrar,
Paying Agent or Notice Agent or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the name and address thereof, such presentations, surrenders,
notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and the Company hereby appoints the Trustee as
its agent to receive all such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands; provided, however, that any appointment of
the Trustee as the Notice Agent shall exclude the appointment of the Trustee or any office of the Trustee as an agent to receive the
service of legal process on the Company.

The Company may also from time
to time designate one or more co-registrars, additional paying agents or additional notice agents and may from time to time rescind such
designations; provided, however, that no such designation or rescission shall in any manner relieve the Company of its
obligations to maintain a Registrar, Paying Agent and Notice Agent in each place so specified pursuant to Section 2.2 for Securities
of any Series for such purposes. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any such designation or rescission
and of any change in the name or address of any such co-registrar, additional paying agent or additional notice agent. The term Registrar
includes any co-registrar; the term Paying Agent includes any additional paying agent; and the term Notice
Agent includes any additional notice agent. The Company or any of its Affiliates may serve as Registrar or Paying Agent.

The
Company hereby appoints the Trustee the initial Registrar, Paying Agent and Notice Agent for each Series unless another Registrar,
Paying Agent or Notice Agent, as the case may be, is appointed prior to the time Securities of that Series are first issued. The
rights, powers, duties, obligations and actions of each Agent under this Indenture are several and not joint or joint and several, and
the Agents shall only be obliged to perform those duties expressly set out in this Indenture and shall have no implied duties.

Section 2.5. Paying
Agent to Hold Money in Trust.

The Company shall require each
Paying Agent other than the Trustee to agree in writing that the Paying Agent will hold in trust, for the benefit of Holders of any Series of
Securities or the Trustee, all money held by the Paying Agent for the payment of principal of or interest on the Series of Securities
and will notify the Trustee in writing of any default by the Company in making any such payment. While any such default continues, the
Trustee may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by it to the Trustee. The Company at any time may require a Paying Agent to
pay all money held by it to the Trustee. Upon payment over to the Trustee, the Paying Agent (if other than the Company or a Subsidiary
of the Company) shall have no further liability for the money. If the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company acts as Paying Agent, it
shall segregate and hold in a separate trust fund for the benefit of Holders of any Series of Securities all money held by it as
Paying Agent. Upon any bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding with respect to the Company, the Trustee shall serve as Paying
Agent for the Securities. For the avoidance of doubt, a Paying Agent and the Trustee shall be held harmless and have no liability with
respect to payments or disbursements (including to the Holders) until they have confirmed receipt of funds sufficient to make the relevant
payment. No money held by an Agent needs to be segregated except as is required by law.

11

Section 2.6. Holder
Lists.

If it is serving as Registrar,
the Trustee shall preserve in as current a form as is reasonably practicable the most recent list available to it of the names and addresses
of Holders of each Series of Securities and shall otherwise comply with TIA 312(a). If the Trustee is not the Registrar,
the Company shall furnish to the Trustee at least ten days before each interest payment date and at such other times as the Trustee may
request in writing a list, in such form and as of such date as the Trustee may reasonably require, of the names and addresses of Holders
of each Series of Securities.

Every
Holder, by receiving and holding Securities, agrees with the Company and the Trustee that neither the Company nor the Trustee or any
agent of either of them shall be held accountable by reason of the disclosure of any such information as to the names and addresses of
the Holders in accordance with TIA 312, regardless of the source from which such information was derived, and that the Trustee
shall not be held accountable by reason of mailing any material pursuant to a request made under TIA 312(b).

Section 2.7. Transfer
and Exchange.

Where Securities of a Series are
presented to the Registrar or a co-registrar with a request to register a transfer or to exchange them for an equal principal amount
of Securities of the same Series, the Registrar shall register the transfer or make the exchange if its requirements for such transactions
are met. To permit registrations of transfers and exchanges, the Trustee shall authenticate Securities at the Registrars request.
No service charge shall be made for any registration of transfer or exchange (except as otherwise expressly permitted herein), but the
Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or similar governmental charge payable in connection therewith
(other than any such transfer tax or similar governmental charge payable upon exchanges pursuant to Sections 2.11, 3.6 or 9.6).

Neither the Company nor the
Registrar shall be required (a) to issue, register the transfer of, or exchange Securities of any Series for the period beginning
at the opening of business 15 days immediately preceding the sending of a notice of redemption of Securities of that Series selected
for redemption and ending at the close of business on the day such notice is sent, (b) to register the transfer of or exchange Securities
of any Series selected, called or being called for redemption as a whole or the portion being redeemed of any such Securities selected,
called or being called for redemption in part or (c) to register the transfer of or exchange Securities of any Series between
a record date and payment date for such Series of Securities.

12

Section 2.8. Mutilated,
Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Securities.

If any mutilated Security is
surrendered to the Trustee, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in exchange therefor a new Security
of the same Series and of like tenor and principal amount and bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding.

If there shall be delivered
to the Company and the Trustee (i) evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Security and (ii) such
security or indemnity bond as may be required by each of them to hold itself and any of its agents harmless, then, in the absence of
notice to the Company or the Trustee that such Security has been acquired by a bona fide purchaser, the Company shall execute and upon
receipt of a Company Order the Trustee shall authenticate and make available for delivery, in lieu of any such destroyed, lost or stolen
Security, a new Security of the same Series and of like tenor and principal amount and bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding.

In case any such mutilated,
destroyed, lost or stolen Security has become or is about to become due and payable, the Company in its discretion may, instead of issuing
a new Security, pay such Security following delivery of the documents and security or indemnity required in the preceding paragraph.

Upon the issuance of any new
Security under this Section, the Company may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that
may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Trustee) connected therewith.

Every new Security of any Series issued
pursuant to this Section in lieu of any destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall constitute an original additional contractual obligation
of the Company, whether or not the destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall be at any time enforceable by anyone, and shall be entitled
to all the benefits of this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Securities of that Series duly issued hereunder.

The provisions of this Section are
exclusive and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated,
destroyed, lost or stolen Securities.

Section 2.9. Outstanding
Securities.

The Securities outstanding
at any time are all the Securities authenticated by the Trustee except for those canceled by it, those delivered to it for cancellation,
those reductions in the interest on a Global Security effected by the Trustee in accordance with the provisions hereof and those described
in this Section as not outstanding, including those paid in accordance with the third-to-last paragraph of Section 2.8.

If a Security is replaced pursuant
to Section 2.8, it ceases to be outstanding until the Trustee receives proof satisfactory to it that the replaced Security is held
by a bona fide purchaser.

13

If the Paying Agent (other
than the Company, a Subsidiary of the Company or an Affiliate of the Company) holds on the Maturity of Securities of a Series money
sufficient to pay such Securities payable on that date as provided in this Indenture, then on and after that date such Securities of
the Series cease to be outstanding and interest on them ceases to accrue.

The Company may purchase or
otherwise acquire the Securities, whether by open market purchases, negotiated transactions or otherwise. A Security does not cease to
be outstanding because the Company or an Affiliate of the Company holds the Security (but see Section 2.10 below).

In determining whether the
Holders of the requisite principal amount of outstanding Securities have given any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice,
consent or waiver hereunder, the principal amount of a Discount Security that shall be deemed to be outstanding for such purposes shall
be the amount of the principal thereof that would be due and payable as of the date of such determination upon a declaration of acceleration
of the Maturity thereof pursuant to Section 6.2.

Section 2.10. Treasury
Securities.

In determining whether the
Holders of the required principal amount of Securities of a Series have concurred in any request, demand, authorization, direction,
notice, consent or waiver, Securities of a Series owned by the Company or any Affiliate of the Company shall be disregarded, except
that for the purposes of determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying on any such request, demand, authorization, direction,
notice, consent or waiver only Securities of a Series that a Responsible Officer of the Trustee knows are so owned shall be so disregarded.

Section 2.11. Temporary
Securities.

Until definitive Securities
are ready for delivery, the Company may prepare and the Trustee shall authenticate temporary Securities upon a Company Order. Temporary
Securities shall be substantially in the form of definitive Securities but may have variations that the Company considers appropriate
for temporary Securities. Without unreasonable delay, the Company shall prepare and the Trustee upon receipt of a Company Order shall
authenticate definitive Securities of the same Series and date of maturity in exchange for temporary Securities. Until so exchanged,
temporary securities shall have the same rights under this Indenture as the definitive Securities.

Any temporary Global Security
and any permanent Global Security shall, unless otherwise provided therein, be delivered to the Depositary designated pursuant to Section 2.2
or shall be held by the Custodian on behalf of such Depositary.

Section 2.12. Cancellation.

The Company at any time may
deliver Securities to the Trustee for cancellation. The Registrar and the Paying Agent shall forward to the Trustee any Securities surrendered
to them for registration of transfer, exchange or payment. The Trustee shall cancel all Securities surrendered for transfer, exchange,
payment, replacement or cancellation and shall destroy such canceled Securities in accordance with its then customary procedures (subject
to the record retention requirements of the Exchange Act and the Trustee) and deliver a certificate of such cancellation to the Company
upon written request of the Company. The Company may not issue new Securities to replace Securities that it has paid or delivered to
the Trustee for cancellation.

14

Section 2.13. Defaulted
Interest.

If the Company defaults in
a payment of interest on a Series of Securities, it shall pay the defaulted interest, plus, to the extent permitted by law, any
interest payable on the defaulted interest, to the persons who are Holders of the Series on a subsequent special record date. The
Company shall fix the record date and payment date. At least ten days before the special record date, the Company shall send to the Trustee
and to each Holder of the Series a notice that states the special record date, the payment date and the amount of interest to be
paid. The Company may pay defaulted interest in any other lawful manner.

Section 2.14. Global
Securities.

2.14.1. Terms
of Securities. A Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture hereto or an Officers Certificate shall establish whether the
Securities of a Series shall be issued in whole or in part in the form of one or more Global Securities and the Depositary for such
Global Security or Securities.

2.14.2. Transfer
and Exchange. Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary contained in Section 2.7 of the Indenture and in addition thereto,
any Global Security shall be exchangeable pursuant to Section 2.7 of the Indenture for Securities registered in the names of Holders
other than the Depositary for such Security or its nominee only if (i) such Depositary notifies the Company that it is unwilling
or unable to continue as Depositary for such Global Security or if at any time such Depositary ceases to be a clearing agency registered
under the Exchange Act, and, in either case, the Company fails to appoint a successor Depositary registered as a clearing agency under
the Exchange Act within 90 days of such event or (ii) the Company executes and delivers to the Trustee an Officers Certificate
to the effect that such Global Security shall be so exchangeable. Any Global Security that is exchangeable pursuant to the preceding
sentence shall be exchangeable for Securities registered in such names as the Depositary shall direct in writing in an aggregate principal
amount equal to the principal amount of the Global Security with like tenor and terms.

Except as provided in this
Section 2.14.2, a Global Security may not be transferred except as a whole by the Depositary with respect to such Global Security
to a nominee of such Depositary, by a nominee of such Depositary to such Depositary or another nominee of such Depositary or by the Depositary
or any such nominee to a successor Depositary or a nominee of such a successor Depositary.

15

None of the Trustee or any
Agent shall have any obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed under
this Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Security (including any transfers between
or among Depositary participants, members or beneficial owners in any Global Security) other than to require delivery of such certificates
and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by the terms of, this Indenture,
and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof.

None of the Trustee or any
Agent shall have any responsibility or obligation to any beneficial owner of a Global Security, a member of, or a participant in the
Depositary or other Person with respect to the accuracy of the records of the Depositary or its nominee or of any participant or member
thereof, with respect to any ownership interest in any Security or with respect to the delivery to any participant, member, beneficial
owner or other Person (other than the Depositary) of any notice (including any notice of optional redemption) or the payment of any amount,
under or with respect to such Security.

2.14.3. Legends.
Any Global Security issued hereunder shall bear a legend in substantially the following form:

THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL
SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF
THE DEPOSITARY. THIS SECURITY IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITARY OR ITS NOMINEE
ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE, AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO
A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY, BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY
OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY.

In addition, so long as The
Depository Trust Company (DTC) is the Depositary, each Global Security registered in the name of DTC or its nominee
shall bear a legend in substantially the following form:

UNLESS THIS GLOBAL SECURITY
IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE COMPANY
OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY GLOBAL SECURITY ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE &
CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO
SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE
BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

2.14.4. Acts
of Holders. The Depositary, as a Holder, may appoint agents and otherwise authorize participants to give or take any request, demand,
authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action which a Holder is entitled to give or take under the Indenture.

16

2.14.5. Payments.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Indenture, unless otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 2.2, payment of the
principal of and interest, if any, on any Global Security shall be made to the Holder thereof.

2.14.6. Agent
Members. The registered Holder of a Security will be treated as the owner of such Security for all purposes and only registered Holders
shall have rights under this Indenture and the Securities. Members of, or participants in, the Depositary (Agent Members)
and persons who hold beneficial interests in a Global Security through an Agent Member shall have no rights under this Indenture with
respect to any Global Security held on their behalf by the Depositary. The Depositary may be treated by the Company, the Trustee, the
Paying Agent, the Registrar and any agent of the foregoing as the absolute owner of the Global Securities for all purposes whatsoever.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall prevent the Company, the Trustee, the Paying Agent, the Registrar or any agent of
the foregoing from giving effect to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depositary or impair, as
between the Depositary and its Agent Members, the operation of customary practices of such Depositary governing the exercise of the rights
of a Holder of a beneficial interest in any Global Security.

Section 2.15. CUSIP
Numbers.

The Company in issuing the
Securities may use CUSIP numbers (if then generally in use), and, if so, the Trustee shall use CUSIP numbers in notices of redemption
as a convenience to Holders; provided that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such
numbers either as printed on the Securities or as contained in any notice of a redemption and that reliance may be placed only on the
other elements of identification printed on the Securities, and any such redemption shall not be affected by any defect in or omission
of such numbers.

ARTICLE III.

REDEMPTION

Section 3.1. Notice
to Trustee.

The Company may, with respect
to any Series of Securities, reserve the right to redeem and pay the Series of Securities or may covenant to redeem and pay
the Series of Securities or any part thereof prior to the Stated Maturity thereof at such time and on such terms as provided for
in such Securities. If a Series of Securities is redeemable and the Company wants or is obligated to redeem prior to the Stated
Maturity thereof all or part of the Series of Securities pursuant to the terms of such Securities, it shall notify the Trustee in
writing of the redemption date and the principal amount of the Series of Securities to be redeemed. The Company shall give the notice
at least 15 days before the redemption date (or such shorter period as may be acceptable to the Trustee).

17

Section 3.2. Selection
of Securities to be Redeemed.

Unless
otherwise indicated for a particular Series by a Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture hereto or an Officers Certificate,
if less than all the Securities of a Series are to be redeemed, the Securities of the Series to be redeemed will be selected
as follows: (a) if the Securities are in the form of Global Securities, in accordance with the procedures of the Depositary, (b) if
the Securities are listed on any national securities exchange, in compliance with the requirements of the principal national securities
exchange, if any, on which the Securities are listed or (c) if not otherwise provided for under clause (a) or (b) in the
manner that the Trustee deems fair and appropriate, including by lot or other method, unless otherwise required by law or applicable
stock exchange requirements, subject, in the case of Global Securities, to the applicable rules and procedures of the Depositary.
The Securities to be redeemed shall be selected from Securities of the Series outstanding not previously called for redemption.
Portions of the principal of Securities of the Series that have denominations larger than $1,000 may be selected for redemption.
Securities of the Series and portions of them it selected for redemption shall be in amounts of $1,000 or whole multiples of $1,000
or, with respect to Securities of any Series issuable in other denominations pursuant to Section 2.2.10, the minimum principal
denomination for each Series and the authorized integral multiples thereof. Provisions of this Indenture that apply to Securities
of a Series called for redemption also apply to portions of Securities of that Series called for redemption. Neither the Trustee
nor the Paying Agent shall be liable for any selection made by it in accordance with this paragraph (including the procedures of the
Depositary).

Section 3.3. 
Notice of Redemption.

Unless otherwise indicated
for a particular Series by Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture hereto or an Officers Certificate, at least 15 days
but not more than 60 days before a redemption date, the Company shall send or cause to be sent by first-class mail or electronically,
in accordance with the procedures of the Depositary, a notice of redemption to each Holder whose Securities are to be redeemed, with
a copy to the Trustee.

The notice shall identify the
Securities of the Series to be redeemed and shall state:

(a) the
redemption date;

(b) the
redemption price;

(c) the
name and address of the Paying Agent;

(d) if
any Securities are being redeemed in part, the portion of the principal amount of such Securities to be redeemed and that, after the
redemption date and upon surrender of such Security, a new Security or Securities in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion
of the original Security shall be issued in the name of the Holder thereof upon cancellation of the original Security;

(e) that
Securities of the Series called for redemption must be surrendered to the Paying Agent to collect the redemption price;

(f) that
interest on Securities of the Series called for redemption ceases to accrue on and after the redemption date unless the Company
defaults in the deposit of the redemption price;

(g) the
CUSIP number, if any; and

18

(h) any
other information as may be required by the terms of the particular Series or the Securities of a Series being redeemed.

At the Companys written
request, the Trustee shall give the notice of redemption in the Companys name and at its expense, provided, however, that the
Company has delivered to the Trustee, at least ten (10) days (unless a shorter time shall be acceptable to the Trustee) prior to
the notice date, an Officers Certificate requesting that the Trustee give such notice and setting forth the information to be
stated in such notice and the form of such notice.

Section 3.4. Effect
of Notice of Redemption.

Once notice of redemption is
sent as provided in Section 3.3, Securities of a Series called for redemption become due and payable on the redemption date
and at the redemption price. Except as otherwise provided in the supplemental indenture, Board Resolution or Officers Certificate
for a Series, a notice of redemption may not be conditional. Upon surrender to the Paying Agent, such Securities shall be paid at the
redemption price plus accrued interest, if any, to the redemption date.

Section 3.5. Deposit
of Redemption Price.

On or before 11:00 a.m., New
York City time, on the redemption date, the Company shall deposit with the Paying Agent money sufficient to pay the redemption price
of and accrued interest, if any, on all Securities to be redeemed on that date.

Section 3.6. Securities
Redeemed in Part.

Upon surrender of a Security
that is redeemed in part, the Trustee shall authenticate for the Holder a new Security of the same Series and the same Maturity
equal in principal amount to the unredeemed portion of the Security surrendered.

ARTICLE IV.

COVENANTS

Section 4.1. Payment
of Principal and Interest.

The Company covenants and agrees
for the benefit of the Holders of each Series of Securities that it will duly and punctually pay or cause to be paid when due the
principal of and interest, if any, on the Securities of that Series in accordance with the terms of such Securities and this Indenture.
On or before 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the applicable payment date, the Company shall deposit with the Paying Agent money sufficient
to pay the principal of and interest, if any, on the Securities of each Series in accordance with the terms of such Securities and
this Indenture.

Section 4.2. SEC
Reports.

The Managing Member shall,
so long as any Securities of a Series are outstanding, deliver to the Trustee within 15 days after it files them with the SEC copies
of the annual reports and of the information, documents and other reports (or copies of such portions of any of the foregoing as the
SEC may by rules and regulations prescribe) which the Managing Member is required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. The Managing Member also shall comply with the other provisions of TIA 314(a). Reports, information
and documents filed with the SEC via the EDGAR system will be deemed to be delivered to the Trustee as of the time of such filing via
EDGAR for purposes of this Section 4.2.

19

Delivery of reports, information
and documents to the Trustee under this Section 4.2 is for informational purposes only and the Trustees receipt of the foregoing
shall not constitute constructive or actual notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein,
including the Companys compliance with any of the covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively
on Officers Certificates). All such reports, information or documents referred to in this Section 4.2 that the Company files
with the SEC via the SECs EDGAR system shall be deemed to be filed with the Trustee and transmitted to Holders at the time such
reports, information or documents are filed via the EDGAR system (or any successor system).

Section 4.3. Compliance
Certificate.

The Company and each Guarantor
(to the extent that such Guarantor is so required under the TIA) shall, so long as any Securities of a Series are outstanding, deliver
to the Trustee, within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, an Officers Certificate stating that a review
of the activities of the Guarantor, Company and its Subsidiaries during the preceding fiscal year has been made under the supervision
of the signing Officer with a view to determining whether the Company and any Guarantor has kept, observed, performed and fulfilled its
obligations under this Indenture, and further stating, as to such Officer signing such certificate, that to the best of such Officers
knowledge the Company and any Guarantor has kept, observed, performed and fulfilled each and every covenant contained in this Indenture
and is not in default in the performance or observance of any of the terms, provisions and conditions hereof (or, if a Default or Event
of Default shall have occurred, describing all such Defaults or Events of Default of which the Officer may have knowledge).

Section 4.4. Stay,
Extension and Usury Laws.

The Company and the Guarantors
covenant (to the extent that they may lawfully do so) that they will not at any time insist upon, plead or in any manner whatsoever claim
or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, which
may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture or the Securities; and the Company and the Guarantors (to the extent they
may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waive all benefit or advantage of any such law and covenants that they will not, by resort to any
such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution
of every such power as though no such law has been enacted.

20

ARTICLE V.

SUCCESSORS

Section 5.1. When
Company May Merge, Etc.

The Company shall not consolidate
with or merge with or into, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of its properties and assets to, any person (a successor
person) unless:

(a) the
Company is the surviving entity or the successor person (if other than the Company) is a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity
organized and validly existing under the laws of any U.S. domestic jurisdiction and expressly assumes by supplemental indenture the Companys
obligations on the Securities and under this Indenture; and

(b) immediately
after giving effect to the transaction, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.

The Company shall deliver to
the Trustee prior to the consummation of the proposed transaction an Officers Certificate to the foregoing effect and an Opinion
of Counsel each stating that the proposed transaction and any supplemental indenture comply with this Indenture.

Notwithstanding the above,
any Subsidiary of the Company may consolidate with, merge into or transfer all or part of its properties to the Company. Neither an Officers
Certificate nor an Opinion of Counsel shall be required to be delivered in connection therewith.

Section 5.2. Successor
Entity Substituted.

Upon any consolidation or merger,
or any sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company in accordance with Section 5.1,
the successor entity formed by such consolidation or into or with which the Company is merged or to which such sale, lease, conveyance
or other disposition is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company under this
Indenture with the same effect as if such successor entity had been named as the Company herein; provided, however, that
the predecessor Company in the case of a sale, conveyance or other disposition (other than a lease) shall be released from all obligations
and covenants under this Indenture and the Securities.

21

Section 5.3. Managing
Member May Consolidate on Certain Terms.

Nothing contained in this Indenture
or in the Securities shall prevent any consolidation or merger of the Managing Member with or into any other person or persons (whether
or not affiliated with the Managing Member), or successive consolidations or mergers in which either the Managing Member will be the
continuing entity or the Managing Member or its successor or successors shall be a party or parties, or shall prevent any sale, conveyance,
transfer or lease of all or substantially all of the property of the Managing Member, to any other person (whether or not affiliated
with the Managing Member) provided, however, that the following conditions are met:

(a) the
Managing Member shall be the continuing entity, or the successor entity (if other than the Managing Member) formed by or resulting from
any consolidation or merger or which shall have received the transfer of assets shall expressly assume the obligations of the Managing
Member under the Guarantee and the due and punctual performance and observance of all of the covenants and conditions in this Indenture
and

(b) immediately
after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.

The Managing Member shall deliver
to the Trustee prior to the consummation of the proposed transaction an Officers Certificate to the foregoing effect and an Opinion
of Counsel stating that the proposed transaction and any supplemental indenture comply with this Indenture.

Notwithstanding the above,
any Subsidiary of the Managing Member may consolidate with, merge into or transfer all or part of its properties to the Managing Member.
Neither an Officers Certificate nor an Opinion of Counsel shall be required to be delivered in connection therewith.

Section 5.4. Managing
Member Successor to Be Substituted.

Upon any consolidation or merger
or any sale, conveyance, transfer or lease of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Managing Member to any person
in accordance with Section 5.3, the successor person formed by such consolidation or into which the Managing Member is merged or
to which such sale, conveyance, transfer or lease is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and
power of, the Managing Member under this Indenture with the same effect as if such successor person had been named as the Managing Member
herein, and thereafter, the predecessor person shall be released from all obligations and covenants under this Indenture provided,
however, that the predecessor the Managing Member shall not be relieved from the obligation, if any, to guarantee the payment of the
principal of and interest on the Securities except in the case of a sale of all or substantially all of the Managing Members assets
in a transaction that is subject to, and that complies with the provisions of, Section 5.3 hereof.

Section 5.5. DOC
Guarantors May Consolidate on Certain Terms.

Each of the DOC Guarantors
may consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, assign convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of such DOC Guarantors
respective property and assets to, any successor person; provided, however, that the following conditions are met:

(a) such
DOC Guarantor (i) shall be the continuing entity, or the successor entity (if other than such DOC Guarantor) formed by or resulting
from any consolidation or merger or which shall have received the sale, assignment, conveyance, transfer or lease of assets and property,
(ii) shall be a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity organized and validly existing under the laws of any U.S. domestic
jurisdiction and (iii) shall expressly assume the obligations of such DOC Guarantor under the Guarantee and punctual performance
and observance of all of the covenants and conditions in this Indenture; provided, that the foregoing requirement will not apply (x) upon
the sale or other disposition (including by way of consolidation or merger), in one transaction or a series of related transactions,
of a majority of the total voting power of the capital stock or other interests of the respective DOC Guarantor (other than to the Company
or any Affiliate of the Company) or (y) upon the sale or disposition of all or substantially all the property of the respective
DOC Guarantor (other than to any Affiliate of the Company); and

22

(b) immediately
after giving effect to the transaction, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.

Such DOC Guarantor shall deliver
to the Trustee prior to the consummation of the proposed transaction an Officers Certificate to the foregoing effect and an Opinion
of Counsel each stating that the proposed transaction and any supplemental indenture comply with this Indenture.

Notwithstanding the above,
any Subsidiary of each DOC Guarantor may consolidate with, merge into or transfer all or part of its properties to such DOC Guarantor.
Neither an Officers Certificate nor an Opinion of Counsel shall be required to be delivered in connection therewith.

Section 5.6. DOC
Guarantors Successor to Be Substituted.

Upon any consolidation or merger,
or any sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of such DOC Guarantor in accordance with
Section 5.5, the successor entity formed by such consolidation or into or with which such DOC Guarantor is merged or to which such
sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power
of, such DOC Guarantor under this Indenture with the same effect as if such successor entity had been named as such DOC Guarantor herein;
provided, however, that the predecessor person in the case of a sale, conveyance or other disposition (other than a lease)
shall be released from all obligations and covenants under this Indenture and the Securities.

ARTICLE VI.

DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES

Section 6.1. Events
of Default.

Event of Default,
wherever used herein with respect to Securities of any Series, means any one of the following events, unless in the establishing Board
Resolution, supplemental indenture or Officers Certificate it is provided that such Series shall not have the benefit of
said Event of Default:

(a) default
in the payment of any interest on any Security of that Series when it becomes due and payable, and continuance of such default for
a period of 30 days (unless the entire amount of such payment is deposited by the Company with the Trustee or with a Paying Agent prior
to 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the 30th day of such period);

23

(b) default
in the payment of principal of any Security of that Series at its Maturity;

(c) default
in the performance or breach of any covenant or warranty of the Company in the Securities of that Series or this Indenture (other
than defaults pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b) above or pursuant to a covenant or warranty that has been included in this Indenture
solely for the benefit of a Series of Securities other than that Series), which default continues uncured for a period of 60 days
after there has been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by the Holders
of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of that Series a written notice specifying such default or
breach and requiring it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default hereunder;

(d) the
Company or any Guarantor pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law:

(i) commences
a voluntary case,

(ii) consents
to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case,

(iii) consents
to the appointment of a Custodian of it or for all or substantially all of its property,

(iv) makes
a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or

(v) generally
is unable to pay its debts as the same become due;

(e) a
court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that:

(i) is
for relief against the Company or any Guarantor in an involuntary case,

(ii) appoints
a Custodian of the Company, any Guarantor or for all or substantially all of its property, or

(iii) orders
the liquidation of the Company or any Guarantor,

and the order or decree remains unstayed
and in effect for 60 days; or

(f) any
other Event of Default provided with respect to Securities of that Series, which is specified in a Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture
hereto or an Officers Certificate, in accordance with Section 2.2.18.

The term Bankruptcy
Law means title 11, U.S. Code or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors. The term Custodian
means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.

24

The Company will provide the
Trustee written notice of any Default or Event of Default within 30 days of becoming aware of the occurrence of such Default or Event
of Default, which notice will describe in reasonable detail the status of such Default or Event of Default and what action the Company
is taking or proposes to take in respect thereof.

Section 6.2. Acceleration
of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment.

If an Event of Default with
respect to Securities of any Series at the time outstanding occurs and is continuing (other than an Event of Default referred to
in Section 6.1(d) or (e)) then in every such case the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the
outstanding Securities of that Series may declare the principal amount (or, if any Securities of that Series are Discount Securities,
such portion of the principal amount as may be specified in the terms of such Securities) of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any,
on all of the Securities of that Series to be due and payable immediately, by a notice in writing to the Company (and to the Trustee
if given by Holders), and upon any such declaration such principal amount (or such specified amount) and accrued and unpaid interest,
if any, shall become immediately due and payable. If an Event of Default specified in Section 6.1(d) or (e) shall occur,
the principal amount (or specified amount) of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all outstanding Securities shall ipso facto
become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder.

At any time after such a declaration
of acceleration with respect to any Series has been made and before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained
by the Trustee as hereinafter in this Article provided, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities
of that Series, by written notice to the Company and the Trustee, may rescind and annul such declaration and its consequences, including
any related payment default that resulted from such acceleration, if all Events of Default with respect to Securities of that Series,
other than the non-payment of the principal and interest, if any, of Securities of that Series which have become due solely by such
declaration of acceleration, have been cured or waived as provided in Section 6.13.

No such rescission shall affect
any subsequent Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

Section 6.3. Collection
of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee.

The Company covenants that
if:

(a) default
is made in the payment of any interest on any Security when such interest becomes due and payable and such default continues for a period
of 30 days,

(b) default
is made in the payment of principal of any Security at the Maturity thereof, or

(c) default
is made in the deposit of any sinking fund payment, if any, when and as due by the terms of a Security,

then, the Company and the Guarantors will,
upon demand of the Trustee, pay to it, for the benefit of the Holders of such Securities, the whole amount then due and payable on such
Securities for principal and interest and, to the extent that payment of such interest shall be legally enforceable, interest on any
overdue principal and any overdue interest at the rate or rates prescribed therefor in such Securities, and, in addition thereto, such
further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including the compensation, reasonable expenses,
disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel.

25

If the Company or the Guarantors
fail to pay such amounts forthwith upon such demand, the Trustee, in its own name and as trustee of an express trust, may institute a
judicial proceeding for the collection of the sums so due and unpaid, may prosecute such proceeding to judgment or final decree and may
enforce the same against the Company , any Guarantor or any other obligor upon such Securities and collect the moneys adjudged or deemed
to be payable in the manner provided by law out of the property of the Company, any Guarantor or any other obligor upon such Securities,
wherever situated.

If an Event of Default with
respect to any Securities of any Series occurs and is continuing, the Trustee, subject to Article VII hereof, may in its discretion
proceed to protect and enforce its rights and the rights of the Holders of Securities of such Series by such appropriate judicial
proceedings as the Trustee shall deem most effectual to protect and enforce any such rights, whether for the specific enforcement of
any covenant or agreement in this Indenture or in aid of the exercise of any power granted herein, or to enforce any other proper remedy.

Section 6.4. Trustee
May File Proofs of Claim.

In case of the pendency of
any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial proceeding
relative to the Company or any other obligor upon the Securities or the property of the Company or of such other obligor or their creditors,
the Trustee (irrespective of whether the principal of the Securities shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration
or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Trustee shall have made any demand on the Company for the payment of overdue principal or
interest) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise,

(a) to
file and prove a claim for the whole amount of principal or, if the Securities of such Series are Discount Securities, such amounts
as may be due and payable with respect to such Securities pursuant to an acceleration in accordance with Section 6.2, and interest
owing and unpaid in respect of the Securities and to file such other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to
have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for the compensation, reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee,
its agents and counsel) and of the Holders allowed in such judicial proceeding, and

(b) to
collect and receive any moneys or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same,

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee,
liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Holder to make such payments
to the Trustee and, in the event that such payments shall be made directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due it for
the compensation, reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel and any other amounts due the
Trustee under Section 7.7.

26

Nothing herein contained shall
be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of reorganization,
arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Securities or the rights of any Holder thereof or to authorize the Trustee to vote
in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding.

Section 6.5. Trustee
May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Securities.

All rights of action and claims
under this Indenture or the Securities may be prosecuted and enforced by the Trustee without the possession of any of the Securities
or the production thereof in any proceeding relating thereto, and any such proceeding instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its
own name as trustee of an express trust, and any recovery of judgment shall, after provision for the payment of the reasonable compensation,
expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, be for the ratable benefit of the Holders of the Securities
in respect of which such judgment has been recovered.

Section 6.6. Application
of Money Collected.

Any money or property collected
by the Trustee pursuant to this Article shall be applied in the following order, at the date or dates fixed by the Trustee and,
in case of the distribution of such money or property on account of principal or interest, upon presentation of the Securities and the
notation thereon of the payment if only partially paid and upon surrender thereof if fully paid:

First: To
the payment of all amounts due the Trustee under Section 7.7; and

Second: To
the payment of the amounts then due and unpaid for principal of and interest on the Securities in respect of which or for the benefit
of which such money has been collected, ratably, without preference or priority of any kind, according to the amounts due and payable
on such Securities for principal and interest, respectively; and

Third: 
To the Company or the Guarantors, as applicable.

Section 6.7. Limitation
on Suits.

No Holder of any Security of
any Series shall have any right to institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Indenture, or for the appointment
of a receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy hereunder, unless

(a) such
Holder has previously given written notice to the Trustee of a continuing Event of Default with respect to the Securities of that Series;

27

(b) the
Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of that Series shall have made written request to
the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default in its own name as Trustee hereunder;

(c) such
Holder or Holders have offered to the Trustee indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee against the costs, expenses
and liabilities which might be incurred by the Trustee in compliance with such request;

(d) the
Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity has failed to institute any such proceeding; and

(e) no
direction inconsistent with such written request has been given to the Trustee during such 60-day period by the Holders of a majority
in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of that Series;

it being understood, intended and expressly covenanted
by the Holder of every Security with every other Holder and the Trustee that no one or more of such Holders shall have any right in any
manner whatever by virtue of, or by availing of, any provision of this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other
of such Holders, or to obtain or to seek to obtain priority or preference over any other of such Holders or to enforce any right under
this Indenture, except in the manner herein provided and for the equal and ratable benefit of all such Holders of the applicable Series.

Section 6.8. Unconditional
Right of Holders to Receive Principal and Interest.

Notwithstanding any other provision
in this Indenture, the Holder of any Security shall have the right, which is absolute and unconditional, to receive payment of the principal
of and interest, if any, on such Security on the Maturity of such Security, including the Stated Maturity expressed in such Security
(or, in the case of redemption, on the redemption date) and to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment, and such rights
shall not be impaired without the consent of such Holder.

Section 6.9. Restoration
of Rights and Remedies.

If the Trustee or any Holder
has instituted any proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Indenture and such proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned
for any reason or has been determined adversely to the Trustee or to such Holder, then and in every such case, subject to any determination
in such proceeding, the Company, the Guarantors, the Trustee and the Holders shall be restored severally and respectively to their former
positions hereunder and thereafter all rights and remedies of the Trustee and the Holders shall continue as though no such proceeding
had been instituted.

Section 6.10. Rights
and Remedies Cumulative.

Except as otherwise provided
with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Securities in Section 2.8, no right or remedy
herein conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or to the Holders is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every
right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder
or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise,
shall not, to the extent permitted by law, prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy.

28

Section 6.11. Delay
or Omission Not Waiver.

No delay or omission of the
Trustee or of any Holder of any Securities to exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any Event of Default shall impair any such right
or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Event of Default or an acquiescence therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article or
by law to the Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Trustee or
by the Holders, as the case may be.

Section 6.12. Control
by Holders.

The Holders of a majority in
principal amount of the outstanding Securities of any Series shall have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting
any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee, with respect to the
Securities of such Series, provided that

(a) such
direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture,

(b) the
Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee which is not inconsistent with such direction,

(c) subject
to the provisions of Section 7.1, the Trustee shall have the right to decline to follow any such direction if the Trustee in good
faith shall, by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee, determine that the proceeding so directed would involve the Trustee in personal
liability, and

(d) prior
to taking any action as directed under this Section 6.12, the Trustee shall be entitled to indemnity satisfactory to it against
the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction.

Section 6.13. Waiver
of Past Defaults.

The Holders of not less than
a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of any Series may on behalf of the Holders of all the Securities of
such Series, by written notice to the Trustee and the Company, waive any past Default hereunder with respect to such Series and
its consequences, except a Default in the payment of the principal of or interest on any Security of such Series (provided, however,
that the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of any Series may rescind an acceleration and its
consequences, including any related payment default that resulted from such acceleration) or a Default in respect of a covenant or provision
contained in the Indenture that cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the Holder of each outstanding Security of such
Series affected thereby. Upon any such waiver, such Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall
be deemed to have been cured, for every purpose of this Indenture; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default
or impair any right consequent thereon.

29

Section 6.14. Undertaking
for Costs.

All parties to this Indenture
agree, and each Holder of any Security by his acceptance thereof shall be deemed to have agreed, that any court may in its discretion
require, in any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture, or in any suit against the Trustee for any action
taken, suffered or omitted by it as Trustee, the filing by any party litigant in such suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of such
suit, and that such court may in its discretion assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys fees, against any party
litigant in such suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by such party litigant; but the
provisions of this Section shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Company, to any suit instituted by the Trustee, to any
suit instituted by any Holder or group of Holders, holding in the aggregate more than 10% in principal amount of the outstanding Securities
of any Series, or to any suit instituted by any Holder for the enforcement of the payment of the principal of or interest on any Security
on or after the Maturity of such Security, including the Stated Maturity expressed in such Security (or, in the case of redemption, on
the redemption date).

ARTICLE VII.

TRUSTEE

Section 7.1. Duties
of Trustee.

(a) If
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture and
use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct
of such persons own affairs.

(b) Except
during the continuance of an Event of Default:

(i) The
Trustee need perform only those duties that are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no others, and no implied covenants or obligations
will be read into this Indenture against the Trustee.

(ii) In
the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the
opinions expressed therein, upon Officers Certificates or Opinions of Counsel furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements
of this Indenture; however, in the case of any such Officers Certificates or Opinions of Counsel which by any provisions
hereof are specifically required to be furnished to the Trustee, the Trustee shall examine such Officers Certificates and Opinions
of Counsel to determine whether or not they conform to the form requirements of this Indenture.

(c) The
Trustee may not be relieved from liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act or its own willful misconduct,
except that:

(i) This
paragraph does not limit the effect of paragraph (b) of this Section.

30

(ii) The
Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer, unless it is proved that the Trustee
was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts.

(iii) The
Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken, suffered or omitted to be taken by it with respect to Securities of any
Series in good faith in accordance with the direction of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities
of such Series relating to the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising
any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee, under this Indenture with respect to the Securities of such Series in accordance
with Section 6.12.

(d) Every
provision of this Indenture that in any way relates to the Trustee is subject to paragraph (a), (b) and (c) of this Section.

(e) The
Trustee may refuse to perform any duty or exercise any right or power unless it receives indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs,
expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in performing such duty or exercising such right or power.

(f) The
Trustee shall not be liable for interest on any money received by it except as the Trustee may agree in writing with the Company. Money
held in trust by the Trustee need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law.

(g) No
provision of this Indenture shall require the Trustee to risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance
of any of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers, if adequate indemnity against such risk is not assured to the
Trustee in its satisfaction.

(h) The
Paying Agent, the Notice Agent, the Registrar, any authenticating agent and the Trustee when acting in any other capacity hereunder shall
be entitled to the protections and immunities as are set forth in this Article VII.

(i) The
rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee, including its right to be indemnified, are extended to,
and will be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities under this Indenture.

Section 7.2. Rights
of Trustee.

(a) The
Trustee may rely on and shall be protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any document (whether in its original or facsimile
form) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper person. The Trustee need not investigate any fact
or matter stated in the document.

(b) Before
the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require an Officers Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel or both. The Trustee
shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such Officers Certificate or Opinion
of Counsel.

31

(c) The
Trustee may act through agents and shall not be responsible for the misconduct or negligence of any agent appointed with due care. No
Depositary shall be deemed an agent of the Trustee, and the Trustee shall not be responsible for any act or omission by any Depositary.

(d) The
Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith which it believes to be authorized or within its rights
or powers.

(e) The
Trustee may consult with counsel and the advice of such counsel or any Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete authorization and
protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance thereon.

(f) The
Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request or direction
of any of the Holders of Securities unless such Holders shall have offered to the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to it against
the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction.

(g) The
Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument,
opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or
document, but the Trustee, in its discretion, may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see
fit.

(h) The
Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice of any Default or Event of Default unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actual
knowledge thereof or unless written notice of any event which is in fact such a default is received by a Responsible Officer at the Corporate
Trust Office of the Trustee, and such notice references the Securities generally or the Securities of a particular Series and this
Indenture.

(i) In
no event shall the Trustee be liable to any person for special, punitive, indirect, consequential or incidental loss or damage of any
kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage.

(j) The
permissive right of the Trustee to take the actions permitted by this Indenture shall not be construed as an obligation or duty to do
so.

(k) The
Trustee will not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the execution of this Indenture or otherwise.

Section 7.3. Individual
Rights of Trustee.

The Trustee in its individual
or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Securities and may otherwise deal with the Company or an Affiliate of the Company
with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee. Any Agent may do the same with like rights. The Trustee is also subject to
Sections 7.10 and 7.11.

32

Section 7.4. Trustees
Disclaimer.

The Trustee makes no representation
as to the validity or adequacy of this Indenture or the Securities. The Trustee shall not be accountable for the Companys use
of the proceeds from the Securities and shall not be responsible for any statement in the Securities other than its certificate of authentication.

Section 7.5. Notice
of Defaults.

If
a Default or Event of Default occurs and is continuing with respect to the Securities of any Series and if it is known to a Responsible
Officer of the Trustee, the Trustee shall send to each Holder of the Securities of that Series, in the manner set forth in Section 10.2,
notice of a Default or Event of Default within 90 days after it occurs or, if later, after a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has knowledge
of such Default or Event of Default. Except in the case of a Default or Event of Default in payment of principal of or interest on any
Security of any Series, the Trustee may withhold the notice if and so long as its corporate trust committee or a committee of its Responsible
Officers in good faith determines that withholding the notice is in the interests of Holders of that Series. The Trustee will not be
deemed to have notice or be charged with knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless written notice thereof has been received
by a Responsible Officer, and such notice references the applicable Series of Securities and this Indenture and states on its face
that a Default or Event of Default has occurred.

Section 7.6. Reports
by Trustee to Holders.

Within 60 days after each December 1
commencing December 1, 2025, the Trustee shall transmit by mail to all Holders, as their names and addresses appear on the register
kept by the Registrar, a brief report dated as of such date, in accordance with, and to the extent required under, TIA 313.

A copy of each report at the
time of its mailing to Holders of any Series shall be filed with the SEC and each national securities exchange on which the Securities
of that Series are listed. The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing when Securities of any Series are listed
on any national securities exchange.

Section 7.7. Compensation
and Indemnity.

The Company shall pay to the
Trustee from time to time compensation for its services as the Company and the Trustee shall from time to time agree upon in writing.
The Trustees compensation shall not be limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust. The Company shall
reimburse the Trustee upon request for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by it. Such expenses shall include the reasonable
compensation and expenses of the Trustees agents and counsel.

33

The Company shall indemnify
each of the Trustee and any predecessor Trustee (including for the cost of defending itself) against any cost, expense or liability,
including taxes (other than taxes based upon, measured by or determined by the income of the Trustee) incurred by it except as set forth
in the next paragraph in the performance of its duties under this Indenture as Trustee or Agent. The Trustee shall notify the Company
promptly of any claim for which it may seek indemnity. Failure by the Trustee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company
of its obligations hereunder, unless and to the extent that the Company is materially prejudiced thereby. The Company shall defend the
claim and the Trustee shall cooperate in the defense. The Trustee may have separate counsel, and the Company shall pay the reasonable
fees and expenses of such counsel. The Company need not pay for any settlement made without its consent, which consent will not be unreasonably
withheld. This indemnification shall apply to officers, directors, employees, shareholders and agents of the Trustee.

The Company need not reimburse
any expense or indemnify against any loss or liability incurred by the Trustee or by any officer, director, employee, shareholder or
agent of the Trustee through willful misconduct or negligence, as determined by a final decision of a court of competent jurisdiction.

To secure the Companys
payment obligations in this Section, the Trustee shall have a lien prior to the Securities of any Series on all money or property
held or collected by the Trustee, except that held in trust to pay principal of and interest on particular Securities of that Series.

When the Trustee incurs expenses
or renders services after an Event of Default specified in Section 6.1(d) or (e) occurs, the expenses and the compensation
for the services are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any Bankruptcy Law.

The provisions of this Section shall
survive the termination of this Indenture and the resignation or removal of the Trustee.

Section 7.8. Replacement
of Trustee.

A resignation or removal of
the Trustee and appointment of a successor Trustee shall become effective only upon the successor Trustees acceptance of appointment
as provided in this Section.

The Trustee may resign with
respect to the Securities of one or more Series by so notifying the Company at least 30 days prior to the date of the proposed resignation.
The Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Securities of any Series may remove the Trustee with respect to that Series by
so notifying the Trustee and the Company. The Company may remove the Trustee with respect to Securities of one or more Series if:

(a) the
Trustee fails to comply with Section 7.10;

(b) the
Trustee is adjudged a bankrupt or an insolvent or an order for relief is entered with respect to the Trustee under any Bankruptcy Law;

(c) a
Custodian or public officer takes charge of the Trustee or its property; or

(d) the
Trustee becomes incapable of acting.

34

If the Trustee resigns or is
removed or if a vacancy exists in the office of Trustee for any reason, the Company shall promptly appoint a successor Trustee. Within
one year after the successor Trustee takes office, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Securities may
appoint a successor Trustee to replace the successor Trustee appointed by the Company.

If a successor Trustee with
respect to the Securities of any one or more Series does not take office within 60 days after the retiring Trustee resigns or is
removed, the retiring Trustee, the Company or the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the Securities of the applicable
Series may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee.

A successor Trustee shall deliver
a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring Trustee and to the Company. Immediately after that, the retiring Trustee shall
transfer all property held by it as Trustee to the successor Trustee subject to the lien provided for in Section 7.7, the resignation
or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective, and the successor Trustee shall have all the rights, powers and duties of
the Trustee with respect to each Series of Securities for which it is acting as Trustee under this Indenture. A successor Trustee
shall send a notice of its succession to each Holder of each such Series. Notwithstanding replacement of the Trustee pursuant to this
Section 7.8, the Companys obligations under Section 7.7 hereof shall continue for the benefit of the retiring Trustee
with respect to expenses and liabilities incurred by it for actions taken or omitted to be taken in accordance with its rights, powers
and duties under this Indenture prior to such replacement.

Section 7.9. Successor
Trustee by Merger, Etc.

Any organization or entity
into which the Trustee may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any organization or entity resulting from
any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Trustee shall be a party, or any organization or entity succeeding to all or substantially
all of the corporate trust business of the Trustee, shall be the successor of the Trustee hereunder, provided such organization or entity
shall be otherwise qualified and eligible under Section 7.10, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on
the part of any of the parties hereto.

Section 7.10. Eligibility;
Disqualification.

This Indenture shall always
have a Trustee who satisfies the requirements of TIA 310(a)(1), (2) and (5). The Trustee shall always have a combined capital
and surplus of at least $25,000,000 as set forth in its most recent published annual report of condition. The Trustee shall comply with
TIA 310(b).

Section 7.11. Preferential
Collection of Claims Against Company.

The Trustee is subject to TIA
311(a), excluding any creditor relationship listed in TIA 311(b). A Trustee who has resigned or been removed shall be subject
to TIA 311(a) to the extent indicated.

35

ARTICLE VIII.

SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE; DEFEASANCE

Section 8.1. Satisfaction
and Discharge of Indenture.

This Indenture shall upon Company
Order be discharged with respect to the Securities of any Series and cease to be of further effect as to all Securities of such
Series (except as hereinafter provided in this Section 8.1), and the Trustee, at the expense of the Company, shall execute
instruments acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, when

(a) either

(i) all
Securities of such Series theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than Securities that have been destroyed, lost or stolen
and that have been replaced or paid) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; or

(ii) all
such Securities of such Series not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation:

(1) have
become due and payable by reason of sending a notice of redemption or otherwise,

(2) will
become due and payable at their Stated Maturity within one year,

(3) have
been called for redemption or are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the
giving of notice of redemption by the Trustee in the name, and at the expense, of the Company, or

(4) are
deemed paid and discharged pursuant to Section 8.3, as applicable;

and the Company, in the case of (1), (2) or
(3) above, has irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee as trust funds in trust an amount of money or U.S.
Government Obligations, which amount shall be sufficient for the purpose of paying and discharging each installment of principal (including
mandatory sinking fund payments or analogous payments) of and interest on all the Securities of such Series on the dates such installments
of principal or interest are due;

(b) the
Company has paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable hereunder by the Company; and

(c) the
Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent
provided for relating to the satisfaction and discharge contemplated by this Section have been complied with.

36

Notwithstanding the satisfaction
and discharge of this Indenture, (x) the obligations of the Company to the Trustee under Section 7.7, (y) if money shall
have been deposited with the Trustee pursuant to clause (a) of this Section, the provisions of Sections 2.4, 2.7, 2.8, 8.2 and 8.5,
and (z) the rights, powers, trusts and immunities of the Trustee hereunder and the Companys obligations in connection therewith
shall survive.

If the Company exercises the
satisfaction and discharge provisions in compliance with this Indenture with respect to Securities of a particular Series that are
entitled to the benefit of the Guarantee of any Guarantor, the Guarantee will terminate with respect to that Series of Securities.

Section 8.2. Application
of Trust Funds; Indemnification.

(a) Subject
to the provisions of Section 8.5, all money and U.S. Government Obligations or Foreign Government Obligations deposited with the
Trustee pursuant to Section 8.1, 8.3 or 8.4 and all money received by the Trustee in respect of U.S. Government Obligations or Foreign
Government Obligations deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 8.1, 8.3 or 8.4, shall be held in trust and applied by it,
in accordance with the provisions of the Securities and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent (including
the Company acting as its own Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the persons entitled thereto, of the principal and interest
for whose payment such money has been deposited with or received by the Trustee or to make mandatory sinking fund payments or analogous
payments as contemplated by Sections 8.1, 8.3 or 8.4.

(b) The
Company shall pay and shall indemnify the Trustee (which indemnity shall survive termination of this Indenture) against any tax, fee
or other charge imposed on or assessed against U.S. Government Obligations or Foreign Government Obligations deposited pursuant to Sections
8.1, 8.3 or 8.4 or the interest and principal received in respect of such obligations other than any payable by or on behalf of Holders.

(c) The
Trustee shall deliver or pay to the Company from time to time upon Company Order any U.S. Government Obligations or Foreign Government
Obligations or money held by it as provided in Sections 8.3 or 8.4 which, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent
certified public accountants or investment bank expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee, are then in excess
of the amount thereof which then would have been required to be deposited for the purpose for which such U.S. Government Obligations
or Foreign Government Obligations or money were deposited or received. This provision shall not authorize the sale by the Trustee of
any U.S. Government Obligations or Foreign Government Obligations held under this Indenture.

37

Section 8.3. Legal
Defeasance of Securities of any Series.

Unless this Section 8.3
is otherwise specified, pursuant to Section 2.2, to be inapplicable to Securities of any Series, the Company shall be deemed to
have paid and discharged the entire indebtedness on all the outstanding Securities of any Series on the 91st day after the date
of the deposit referred to in subparagraph (d) hereof, and the provisions of this Indenture, as it relates to such outstanding Securities
of such Series, shall no longer be in effect and any Guarantee will terminate with respect to that Series of Securities (and the
Trustee, at the expense of the Company, shall, upon receipt of a Company Order, execute instruments acknowledging the same), except as
to:

(a) the
rights of Holders of Securities of such Series to receive, from the trust funds described in subparagraph (d) hereof, (i) payment
of the principal of and each installment of principal of and interest on the outstanding Securities of such Series on the Maturity
of such principal or installment of principal or interest and (ii) the benefit of any mandatory sinking fund payments applicable
to the Securities of such Series on the day on which such payments are due and payable in accordance with the terms of this Indenture
and the Securities of such Series;

(b) the
provisions of Sections 2.4, 2.5, 2.7, 2.8, 7.7, 8.2, 8.3, 8.5 and 8.6; and

(c) the
rights, powers, trusts and immunities of the Trustee hereunder and the Companys obligations in connection therewith;

provided that, the following conditions shall
have been satisfied:

(d) the
Company shall have irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited (except as provided in Section 8.2(c)) with the Trustee as trust
funds specifically pledged as security for and dedicated solely to the benefit of the Holders of such Securities (i) in the case
of Securities of such Series denominated in Dollars, cash in Dollars and/or U.S. Government Obligations or (ii) in the case
of Securities of such Series denominated in a Foreign Currency (other than a composite currency), money and/or Foreign Government
Obligations, which through the payment of interest and principal in respect thereof in accordance with their terms, will provide (and
without reinvestment and assuming no tax liability will be imposed on such Trustee), not later than one day before the due date of any
payment of money, an amount in cash, sufficient, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants or
investment bank expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee, to pay and discharge each installment of principal
of and interest, if any, on and any mandatory sinking fund payments in respect of all the Securities of such Series on the dates
such installments of principal or interest and such sinking fund payments are due;

(e) such
deposit will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, this Indenture or any other agreement or instrument
to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound (other than a Default or Event of Default resulting from the borrowing of funds
to be applied to such deposit (and any similar concurrent deposit related to other indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary) and
the granting of liens to secure such borrowings);

(f) no
Default or Event of Default with respect to the Securities of such Series shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such
deposit or during the period ending on the 91st day after such date;

38

(g) the
Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that (i) the
Company has received from, or there has been published by, the Internal Revenue Service a ruling or (ii) since the date of execution
of this Indenture, there has been a change in the applicable federal income tax law, in either case to the effect that, and based thereon
such Opinion of Counsel shall confirm that, the Holders of the Securities of such Series will not recognize income, gain or loss
for United States federal income tax purposes as a result of such deposit, defeasance and discharge and will be subject to United States
federal income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such deposit, defeasance
and discharge had not occurred;

(h) the
Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that the deposit was not made by the Company with
the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Company; and

(i) the
Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions
precedent provided for relating to the defeasance contemplated by this Section have been complied with.

Section 8.4. Covenant
Defeasance.

Unless this Section 8.4
is otherwise specified pursuant to Section 2.2 to be inapplicable to Securities of any Series, the Company may omit to comply with
respect to the Securities of any Series with any term, provision or condition set forth under Sections 4.2, 4.3, 4.4 and 5.1 and,
unless otherwise specified therein, any additional covenants specified in a supplemental indenture for such Series of Securities
or a Board Resolution or an Officers Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 2.2 (and the failure to comply with any such
covenants shall not constitute a Default or Event of Default with respect to such Series under Section 6.1) and the occurrence
of any event specified in a supplemental indenture for such Series of Securities or a Board Resolution or an Officers Certificate
delivered pursuant to Section 2.2 and designated as an Event of Default shall not constitute a Default or Event of Default hereunder,
with respect to the Securities of such Series, but, except as specified above, the remainder of this Indenture and such Securities will
be unaffected thereby; provided that the following conditions shall have been satisfied:

(a) with
reference to this Section 8.4, the Company has irrevocably deposited or caused to be irrevocably deposited (except as provided in
Section 8.2(c)) with the Trustee as trust funds in trust for the purpose of making the following payments specifically pledged as
security for, and dedicated solely to, the benefit of the Holders of such Securities (i) in the case of Securities of such Series denominated
in Dollars, cash in Dollars and/or U.S. Government Obligations or (ii) in the case of Securities of such Series denominated
in a Foreign Currency (other than a composite currency), money and/or Foreign Government Obligations, which through the payment of interest
and principal in respect thereof in accordance with their terms, will provide (and without reinvestment and assuming no tax liability
will be imposed on such Trustee), not later than one day before the due date of any payment of money, an amount in cash, sufficient,
in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent certified public accountants or investment bank expressed in a written
certification thereof delivered to the Trustee, to pay and discharge each installment of principal (including mandatory sinking fund
payments or analogous payments) of and interest on all the Securities of such Series on the dates such installments of principal
or interest are due;

39

(b) such
deposit will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, this Indenture or any other agreement or instrument
to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound other than a Default or Event of Default resulting from the borrowing of funds
to be applied to such deposit (and any similar concurrent deposit related to other indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary) and
the granting of liens to secure such borrowings);

(c) no
Default or Event of Default with respect to the Securities of such Series shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such
deposit;

(d) the
Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that the Holders of the Securities of such Series will
not recognize income, gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes as a result of such deposit and covenant defeasance
and will be subject to United States federal income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have
been the case if such deposit and covenant defeasance had not occurred;

(e) The
Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating the deposit was not made by the Company with the intent
of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Company; and

(f) The
Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions
precedent herein provided for relating to the covenant defeasance contemplated by this Section have been complied with.

Section 8.5. Repayment
to Company.

Subject to applicable abandoned
property law, the Trustee and the Paying Agent shall pay to the Company upon request any money held by them for the payment of principal
and interest that remains unclaimed for two years. After that, Holders entitled to the money must look to the Company for payment as
general creditors unless an applicable abandoned property law designates another person.

Section 8.6. Reinstatement.

If the Trustee or the Paying
Agent is unable to apply any money deposited with respect to Securities of any Series in accordance with Section 8.1 by reason
of any legal proceeding or by reason of any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise
prohibiting such application, the obligations of the Company under this Indenture with respect to the Securities of such Series and
under the Securities of such Series shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to Section 8.1
until such time as the Trustee or the Paying Agent is permitted to apply all such money in accordance with Section 8.1; provided,
however, that if the Company has made any payment of principal of or interest on or any Additional Amounts with respect to any
Securities because of the reinstatement of its obligations, the Company shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Securities
to receive such payment from the money or U.S. Government Obligations held by the Trustee or Paying Agent after payment in full to the
Holders.

40

ARTICLE IX.

AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS

Section 9.1. Without
Consent of Holders.

The Company, any Guarantors
and the Trustee may amend or supplement this Indenture or the Securities of one or more Series without the consent of any Holder:

(a) to
cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency;

(b) to
comply with Article V;

(c) to
provide for uncertificated Securities in addition to or in place of certificated Securities;

(d) to
surrender any of the Companys rights or powers under this Indenture;

(e) to
add covenants or events of default for the benefit of the holders of Securities of any Series;

(f) to
comply with the applicable procedures of the applicable depositary;

(g) to
make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder;

(h) to
provide for the issuance of and establish the form and terms and conditions of Securities of any Series as permitted by this Indenture;

(i) to
evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment hereunder by a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of one or more
Series and to add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration
of the trusts hereunder by more than one Trustee;

(j) to
comply with requirements of the SEC in order to effect or maintain the qualification of this Indenture under the TIA;

(k) to
reflect the release of any Guarantor in accordance with Article XII; or

(l) to
add Guarantors with respect to any or all of the Securities or to secure any or all of the Securities or the Guarantees.

41

Section 9.2. With
Consent of Holders.

Subject to Section 9.3,
the Company, any Guarantors and the Trustee may enter into a supplemental indenture with the written consent of the Holders of at least
a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of each Series affected by such supplemental indenture (including consents
obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer for the Securities of such Series), for the purpose of adding any provisions
to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Indenture or of any supplemental indenture or of modifying
in any manner the rights of the Holders of each such Series. Except as provided in Section 6.13, and subject to Section 9.3,
the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of any Series by notice to the Trustee (including
consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer for the Securities of such Series) may waive compliance by the
Company with any provision of this Indenture or the Securities with respect to such Series.

It shall not be necessary for
the consent of the Holders of Securities under this Section 9.2 to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental indenture
or waiver, but it shall be sufficient if such consent approves the substance thereof. After a supplemental indenture or waiver under
this section becomes effective, the Company shall send to the Holders of Securities affected thereby, a notice briefly describing the
supplemental indenture or waiver. Any failure by the Company to send such notice, or any defect therein, shall not, however, in any way
impair or affect the validity of any such supplemental indenture or waiver.

Section 9.3. Limitations.

Without the consent of each
Holder affected, an amendment or waiver may not:

(a) reduce
the principal amount of Securities whose Holders must consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver;

(b) reduce
the rate of or extend the time for payment of interest (including default interest) on any Security;

(c) reduce
the principal or change the Stated Maturity of any Security or reduce the amount of, or postpone the date fixed for, the payment of any
sinking fund or analogous obligation;

(d) reduce
the principal amount of Discount Securities payable upon acceleration of the maturity thereof;

(e) waive
a Default or Event of Default in the payment of the principal of or interest, if any, on any Security (except a rescission of acceleration
of the Securities of any Series by the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Securities of
such Series and a waiver of the payment default that resulted from such acceleration);

(f) make
the principal of or interest, if any, on any Security payable in any currency other than that stated in the Security;

(g) make
any change in Sections 6.8, 6.13 or 9.3 (this sentence);

42

(h) waive
a redemption payment with respect to any Security, provided that such redemption is made at the Companys option; or

(i) if
the Securities of that Series are entitled to the benefit of the Guarantee, release any Guarantor of such Series other than
as provided in this Indenture or modify the Guarantee in any manner adverse to the Holders.

Section 9.4. Compliance
with Trust Indenture Act.

Every amendment to this Indenture
or the Securities of one or more Series shall be set forth in a supplemental indenture hereto that complies with the TIA as then
in effect.

Section 9.5. Revocation
and Effect of Consents.

Until an amendment is set forth
in a supplemental indenture or a waiver becomes effective, a consent to it by a Holder of a Security is a continuing consent by the Holder
and every subsequent Holder of a Security or portion of a Security that evidences the same debt as the consenting Holders Security,
even if notation of the consent is not made on any Security. However, any such Holder or subsequent Holder may revoke the consent as
to his Security or portion of a Security if the Trustee receives the notice of revocation before the date of the supplemental indenture
or the date the waiver becomes effective.

Any amendment or waiver once
effective shall bind every Holder of each Series affected by such amendment or waiver unless it is of the type described in any
of clauses (a) through (i) of Section 9.3 or requires the consent of each Holder affected, as set forth in a supplemental
indenture or Officers Certificate in respect to a particular Series of Securities. In that case, the amendment or waiver
shall bind each Holder of a Security who has consented to it and every subsequent Holder of a Security or portion of a Security that
evidences the same debt as the consenting Holders Security.

The Company may, but shall
not be obligated to, fix a record date for the purpose of determining the Holders entitled to give their consent or take any other action
described above or required or permitted to be taken pursuant to this Indenture. If a record date is fixed, then notwithstanding the
second immediately preceding paragraph, those Persons who were Holders at such record date (or their duly designated proxies), and only
those Persons, shall be entitled to give such consent or to revoke any consent previously given or take any such action, whether or not
such Persons continue to be Holders after such record date. No such consent shall be valid or effective for more than 120 days after
such record date.

Section 9.6. Notation
on or Exchange of Securities.

The Company or the Trustee
may, but shall not be obligated to, place an appropriate notation about an amendment or waiver on any Security of any Series thereafter
authenticated. The Company in exchange for Securities of that Series may issue and the Trustee shall authenticate upon receipt of
a Company Order in accordance with Section 2.3 new Securities of that Series that reflect the amendment or waiver.

43

Section 9.7. Trustee
Protected.

In executing, or accepting
the additional trusts created by, any supplemental indenture permitted by this Article or the modifications thereby of the trusts
created by this Indenture, the Trustee shall be entitled to receive, upon request, an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel
complying with Sections 10.4 and 10.5 and (subject to Section 7.1 and 7.2) shall be fully protected in relying upon such Officers
Certificate and/or Opinion of Counsel. The Trustee shall sign all supplemental indentures upon delivery of such an Officers Certificate
and Opinion of Counsel, except that the Trustee need not sign any supplemental indenture that adversely affects its rights, duties, liabilities
or immunities under this Indenture.

ARTICLE X.

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 10.1. Trust
Indenture Act Controls.

If any provision of this Indenture
limits, qualifies or conflicts with another provision which is required or deemed to be included in this Indenture by the TIA, such required
or deemed provision shall control.

Section 10.2. Notices.

Any notice or communication
by the Company, any Guarantor or the Trustee to the other, or by a Holder to the Company, and Guarantor or the Trustee, is duly given
if in writing and delivered in person or mailed by first-class mail (registered or certified, return receipt requested), email or overnight
air courier guaranteeing next day delivery, to the others address:

if to the Company or any Guarantor:

Healthpeak OP, LLC

4600 South Syracuse Street, Suite 500,

Denver, Colorado 80237

Attention: General Counsel

Telephone: 720.428.5050

with a copy to:

Latham & Watkins
LLP

10250 Constellation Blvd.,
Suite 1100

Los Angeles, California 90067

Attention: Lewis Kneib

Telephone: 213.891.7339

if to the Trustee:

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association

633 West 5th Street, 24th Floor

Los Angeles, California 90071

Attention: B. Scarbrough (Healthpeak Notes Administrator)

Telephone: 213-615-6047

44

with a copy to:

Shipman & Goodwin LLP

One Constitution Plaza

Hartford, Connecticut 06103

Attention: Marie Pollio

Telephone: 860-251-5561

The Company, any Guarantor
or the Trustee by notice to the other may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or communications.

Any notice or communication
to a Holder shall be sent electronically or by first-class mail or overnight air courier to his, her or its address shown on the register
kept by the Registrar, in accordance with the procedures of the Depositary. Failure to send a notice or communication to a Holder of
any Series or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders of that or any other Series.

If a notice or communication
is sent or published in the manner provided above, within the time prescribed, it is duly given, whether or not the Holder receives it.

If the Company sends a notice
or communication to Holders, it shall send a copy to the Trustee and each Agent at the same time.

The
Trustee shall not have any duty to confirm that the person sending any notice, instruction or other communication by electronic transmission
(including by e-mail, facsimile transmission, web portal or other electronic methods) is, in fact, a person authorized to do so. Electronic
signatures believed by the Trustee to comply with the ESIGN Act of 2000 or other applicable law (including electronic images of handwritten
signatures and digital signatures provided by DocuSign, Orbit, Adobe Sign or any other digital signature provider acceptable to the Trustee)
shall be deemed original signatures for all purposes. The Company assumes all risks arising out of the use of electronic signatures and
electronic methods to send communications to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on an unauthorized
communication, and the risk of interception or misuse by third parties.

Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Indenture or any Security, where this Indenture or any Security provides for notice of any event (including any notice of redemption)
to a Holder of a Global Security (whether by mail or otherwise), such notice shall be sufficiently given to the Depositary for such Security
(or its designee) pursuant to the customary procedures of such Depositary.

45

Section 10.3. Communication
by Holders with Other Holders.

Holders of any Series may
communicate pursuant to TIA 312(b) with other Holders of that Series or any other Series with respect to their
rights under this Indenture or the Securities of that Series or all Series. The Company, the Trustee, the Registrar and anyone else
shall have the protection of TIA 312(c).

Section 10.4. Certificate
and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent.

Upon any request or application
by the Company to the Trustee to take any action under this Indenture, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee:

(a) an
Officers Certificate stating that, in the opinion of the signers, all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Indenture
relating to the proposed action have been complied with; and

(b) an
Opinion of Counsel stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, all such conditions precedent have been complied with.

Section 10.5. Statements
Required in Certificate or Opinion.

Each certificate or opinion
with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture (other than a certificate provided pursuant to
TIA 314(a)(4)) shall comply with the provisions of TIA 314(e) and shall include:

(a) a
statement that the person making such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition;

(b) a
brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such
certificate or opinion are based;

(c) a
statement that, in the opinion of such person, such person has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable such
person to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with; and

(d) a
statement as to whether or not, in the opinion of such person, such condition or covenant has been complied with.

Section 10.6. Rules by
Trustee and Agents.

The Trustee may make reasonable
rules for action by or a meeting of Holders of one or more Series. Any Agent may make reasonable rules and set reasonable requirements
for its functions.

46

Section 10.7. Legal
Holidays.

If a payment date for any payment
made under this Indenture is not a Business Day, payment may be made on the next succeeding Business Day, and no interest shall accrue
for the intervening period.

Section 10.8. No
Recourse Against Others.

A director, officer, employee
or securityholder (past, present or future), as such, of the Company or any Guarantor shall not have any liability for any obligations
of the Company under the Securities, the Guarantee or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations
or their creation. Each Holder by accepting a Security waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the
consideration for the issue of the Securities.

Section 10.9. Counterparts.

This Indenture may be executed
in any number of counterparts and by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be
an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. The exchange of copies of this Indenture and
of signature pages by facsimile or electronic format (e.g., .pdf or .tif) transmission shall constitute
effective execution and delivery of this Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Indenture for all
purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or electronic format (e.g., .pdf or .tif)
shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes.

Unless otherwise provided herein
or in any other Securities, the words execute, execution, signed and signature
and words of similar import used in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Indenture, any Securities or any
of the transactions contemplated hereby (including amendments, waivers, consents and other modifications) shall be deemed to include
electronic signatures and the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability
as a manually executed signature in ink or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as applicable, to the fullest extent and as
provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State
Electronic Signatures and Records Act and any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.

Section 10.10. Governing
Law; Waiver of Jury Trial; Consent to Jurisdiction.

THIS INDENTURE AND THE SECURITIES, INCLUDING
ANY CLAIM OR CONTROVERSY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE INDENTURE OR THE SECURITIES, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF
NEW YORK.

THE
COMPANY, THE GUARANTORS, THE TRUSTEE AND THE HOLDERS (BY THEIR ACCEPTANCE OF THE SECURITIES) EACH HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE,
THE SECURITIES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.

47

Any legal suit, action or proceeding
arising out of or based upon this Indenture or the transactions contemplated hereby may be instituted in the federal courts of the United
States of America located in the City of New York or the courts of the State of New York in each case located in the City of New York
(collectively, the Specified Courts), and each party irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such
courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. Service of any process, summons, notice or document by mail (to the extent allowed under
any applicable statute or rule of court) to such partys address set forth above shall be effective service of process for
any suit, action or other proceeding brought in any such court. The Company, the Guarantors, the Trustee and the Holders (by their acceptance
of the Securities) each hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to the laying of venue of any suit, action or other
proceeding in the Specified Courts and irrevocably and unconditionally waive and agree not to plead or claim any such suit, action or
other proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

Section 10.11. Successors.

All agreements of the Company
and the Guarantors in this Indenture and the Securities shall bind their respective successors. All agreements of the Trustee in this
Indenture shall bind its successor.

Section 10.12. No
Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements.

This Indenture may not be used
to interpret another indenture, loan or debt agreement of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company. Any such indenture, loan or debt
agreement may not be used to interpret this Indenture.

Section 10.13. Severability.

In case any provision in this
Indenture or in the Securities shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining
provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

Section 10.14. Table
of Contents, Headings, Etc.

The Table of Contents, Cross
Reference Table, headings of the Articles and Sections of this Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not
to be considered a part hereof and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.

48

Section 10.15. Securities
in a Foreign Currency.

Unless otherwise specified
in a Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture hereto or an Officers Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 2.2 of this
Indenture with respect to a particular Series of Securities, whenever for purposes of this Indenture any action may be taken by
the Holders of a specified percentage in aggregate principal amount of Securities of all Series or all Series affected by a
particular action at the time outstanding and, at such time, there are outstanding Securities of any Series which are denominated
in more than one currency, then the principal amount of Securities of such Series which shall be deemed to be outstanding for the
purpose of taking such action shall be determined by converting any such other currency into a currency that is designated upon issuance
of any particular Series of Securities. Unless otherwise specified in a Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture hereto or an
Officers Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 2.2 of this Indenture with respect to a particular Series of Securities,
such conversion shall be made by the Company at the spot rate for the purchase of the designated currency as published in The Financial
Times in the Currency Rates section (or, if The Financial Times is no longer published, or if such information is no longer
available in The Financial Times, such source as may be selected in good faith by the Company) on any date of determination. The provisions
of this paragraph shall apply in determining the equivalent principal amount in respect of Securities of a Series denominated in
currency other than Dollars in connection with any action taken by Holders of Securities pursuant to the terms of this Indenture.

All decisions and determinations
provided for in the preceding paragraph shall, in the absence of manifest error, to the extent permitted by law, be conclusive for all
purposes and irrevocably binding upon the Trustee and all Holders.

Section 10.16. Judgment
Currency.

The Company and each Guarantor
agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so under applicable law, that (a) if for the purpose of obtaining judgment
in any court it is necessary to convert the sum due in respect of the principal of or interest or other amount on the Securities of any
Series (the Required Currency) into a currency in which a judgment will be rendered (the Judgment
Currency), the rate of exchange used shall be the rate at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Trustee could
purchase in the City of New York the Required Currency with the Judgment Currency on the day on which final unappealable judgment is
entered, unless such day is not a New York Banking Day, then the rate of exchange used shall be the rate at which in accordance with
normal banking procedures the Trustee could purchase in the City of New York the Required Currency with the Judgment Currency on the
New York Banking Day preceding the day on which final unappealable judgment is entered and (b) its obligations under this Indenture
to make payments in the Required Currency (i) shall not be discharged or satisfied by any tender, any recovery pursuant to any judgment
(whether or not entered in accordance with subsection (a)), in any currency other than the Required Currency, except to the extent that
such tender or recovery shall result in the actual receipt, by the payee, of the full amount of the Required Currency expressed to be
payable in respect of such payments, (ii) shall be enforceable as an alternative or additional cause of action for the purpose of
recovering in the Required Currency the amount, if any, by which such actual receipt shall fall short of the full amount of the Required
Currency so expressed to be payable, and (iii) shall not be affected by judgment being obtained for any other sum due under this
Indenture. For purposes of the foregoing, New York Banking Day means any day except a Saturday, Sunday or a legal
holiday in the City of New York on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close.

49

Section 10.17. Force
Majeure.

In no event shall the Trustee
be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly
or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism,
civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes, pandemics, epidemics or other public health emergencies, or acts of
God, and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services, it being understood
that the Trustee shall use reasonable best efforts which are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance
as soon as practicable under the circumstances.

Section 10.18. U.S.A.
Patriot Act.

The parties hereto acknowledge
that in accordance with Section 326 of the U.S.A. Patriot Act, the Trustee is required to obtain, verify and record information
that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Trustee. The parties to this
Indenture agree that they will provide the Trustee with such information as it may request in order for the Trustee to satisfy the requirements
of the U.S.A. Patriot Act.

ARTICLE XI.

SINKING FUNDS

Section 11.1. Applicability
of Article.

The provisions of this Article shall
be applicable to any sinking fund for the retirement of the Securities of a Series if so provided by the terms of such Securities
pursuant to Section 2.2, except as otherwise permitted or required by any form of Security of such Series issued pursuant to
this Indenture.

The minimum amount of any sinking
fund payment provided for by the terms of the Securities of any Series is herein referred to as a mandatory sinking fund
payment and any other amount provided for by the terms of Securities of such Series is herein referred to as an optional
sinking fund payment. If provided for by the terms of Securities of any Series, the cash amount of any sinking fund payment
may be subject to reduction as provided in Section 11.2. Each sinking fund payment shall be applied to the redemption of Securities
of any Series as provided for by the terms of the Securities of such Series.

Section 11.2. Satisfaction
of Sinking Fund Payments with Securities.

The Company may, in satisfaction
of all or any part of any sinking fund payment with respect to the Securities of any Series to be made pursuant to the terms of
such Securities (1) deliver outstanding Securities of such Series to which such sinking fund payment is applicable (other than
any of such Securities previously called for mandatory sinking fund redemption) and (2) apply as credit Securities of such Series to
which such sinking fund payment is applicable and which have been repurchased by the Company or redeemed either at the election of the
Company pursuant to the terms of such Series of Securities (except pursuant to any mandatory sinking fund) or through the application
of permitted optional sinking fund payments or other optional redemptions pursuant to the terms of such Securities, provided that such
Securities have not been previously so credited. Such Securities shall be received by the Trustee, together with an Officers Certificate
with respect thereto, not later than 15 days prior to the date on which the Trustee begins the process of selecting Securities for redemption
and shall be credited for such purpose by the Trustee at the price specified in such Securities for redemption through operation of the
sinking fund and the amount of such sinking fund payment shall be reduced accordingly. If as a result of the delivery or credit of Securities
in lieu of cash payments pursuant to this Section 11.2, the principal amount of Securities of such Series to be redeemed in
order to exhaust the aforesaid cash payment shall be less than $100,000, the Trustee need not call Securities of such Series for
redemption, except upon receipt of a Company Order that such action be taken, and such cash payment shall be held by the Trustee or a
Paying Agent and applied to the next succeeding sinking fund payment, provided, however, that the Trustee or such Paying
Agent shall from time to time upon receipt of a Company Order pay over and deliver to the Company any cash payment so being held by the
Trustee or such Paying Agent upon delivery by the Company to the Trustee of Securities of that Series purchased by the Company having
an unpaid principal amount equal to the cash payment required to be released to the Company.

50

Section 11.3. Redemption
of Securities for Sinking Fund.

Not less than 45 days (unless
otherwise indicated in the Board Resolution, supplemental indenture hereto or Officers Certificate in respect of a particular
Series of Securities) prior to each sinking fund payment date for any Series of Securities, the Company will deliver to the
Trustee an Officers Certificate specifying the amount of the next ensuing mandatory sinking fund payment for that Series pursuant
to the terms of that Series, the portion thereof, if any, which is to be satisfied by payment of cash and the portion thereof, if any,
which is to be satisfied by delivering and crediting of Securities of that Series pursuant to Section 11.2, and the optional
amount, if any, to be added in cash to the next ensuing mandatory sinking fund payment, and the Company shall thereupon be obligated
to pay the amount therein specified. Not less than 30 days (unless otherwise indicated in the Board Resolution, Officers Certificate
or supplemental indenture in respect of a particular Series of Securities) before each such sinking fund payment date the Securities
to be redeemed upon such sinking fund payment date will be selected in the manner specified in Section 3.2, and the Company shall
send or cause to be sent a notice of the redemption thereof to be given in the name of and at the expense of the Company in the manner
provided in and in accordance with Section 3.3. Such notice having been duly given, the redemption of such Securities shall be made
upon the terms and in the manner stated in Sections 3.4, 3.5 and 3.6.

ARTICLE XII.

GUARANTEE

Section 12.1. Unconditional
Guarantee.

(a) Notwithstanding
any provision of this Article XII to the contrary, the provisions of this Article XII shall be applicable only to, and inure
solely to the benefit of, the Securities of any Series designated, pursuant to Section 2.2.23, as entitled to the benefits
of the Guarantee of each Guarantor identified in such designation and that has executed a supplemental indenture or an Officers
Certificate with respect to such Series.

51

(b) For
value received, by execution of this Indenture, each Guarantor hereby jointly and severally, fully, unconditionally and absolutely guarantees
(the Guarantee) to the Holders and to the Trustee the due and punctual payment of the principal of, premium, if
any, and interest on each Series of Securities for which such Guarantor has executed a supplemental indenture or an Officers
Certificate with respect to such Series and all other amounts due and payable under this Indenture and the Securities of such Series by
the Company, when and as such principal, premium, if any, interest, and such other amounts as shall become due and payable, whether at
the Stated Maturity or by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise, according to the terms of such Securities and
this Indenture, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 12.2.

(c) Failing
payment when due of any amount guaranteed pursuant to the Guarantee, for whatever reason, each of the Guarantors will be jointly and
severally obligated to pay the same immediately. Each of the Guarantors hereby agrees that its obligations hereunder shall be full, unconditional
and absolute, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of the Securities, the Guarantee (including the Guarantee of
any other Guarantor) or this Indenture, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by any Holder of the Securities
with respect to any provisions hereof or thereof, the recovery of any judgment against the Company or any other Guarantor, or any action
to enforce the same or any other circumstances which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of any of the
Guarantors. Each Guarantor hereby agrees that in the event of a default in payment of the principal of or interest on the Securities
entitled to the Guarantee of such Guarantor, whether at the Stated Maturity or by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or
otherwise, legal proceedings may be instituted by the Trustee on behalf of the Holders or, subject to Section 6.7, by the Holders,
on the terms and conditions set forth in this Indenture, directly against such Guarantor to enforce the Guarantee without first proceeding
against the Company or any other Guarantor.

(d) Each
Guarantor hereby (i) waives diligence, presentment, demand of payment, filing of claims with a court in the event of the merger,
insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company or any of the Guarantors, and all demands whatsoever and (ii) acknowledges that any agreement,
instrument or document evidencing the Guarantee may be transferred and that the benefit of its obligations hereunder shall extend to
each holder of any agreement, instrument or document evidencing the Guarantee without notice to it. Each Guarantor further agrees that
if at any time all or any part of any payment theretofore applied by any person to the Guarantee is, or must be, rescinded or returned
for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation, the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Company or any of the Guarantors,
the Guarantee shall, to the extent that such payment is or must be rescinded or returned, be deemed to have continued in existence notwithstanding
such application, and the Guarantee shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, as though such application had
not been made.

(e) Each
Guarantor shall be subrogated to all rights of the Holders and the Trustee against the Company in respect of any amounts paid by such
Guarantor pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture provided, however, that such Guarantor shall not be entitled to enforce
or to receive any payments arising out of, or based upon, such right of subrogation until all of the Securities entitled to the Guarantee
of such Guarantor and the Guarantee shall have been paid in full or discharged.

52

Section 12.2. Limitation
on Guarantors Liability.

Each Guarantor by its acceptance
hereof and each Holder of Security and the Trustee entitled to the benefits of the Guarantee hereby confirms that it is the intention
of all such parties that the guarantee by such Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance
for purposes of any federal or state law. To effectuate the foregoing intention, each Holder of a Security and the Trustee entitled to
the benefits of the Guarantee and each Guarantor hereby irrevocably agrees that the obligations of each Guarantor under the Guarantee
shall be limited to the maximum amount as will, after giving effect to all other contingent and fixed liabilities of such Guarantor and
to any collections from or payments made by or on behalf of any other Guarantor in respect of the obligations of such other Guarantor
under the Guarantee, not result in the obligations of such Guarantor under the Guarantee constituting a fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent
transfer under federal or state law.

Section 12.3. Release
of Guarantors from Guarantee.

(a) Notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Indenture, the Guarantee of any Guarantor may be released upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in Section 8.1, Section 8.3 and this Section 12.3. Provided that no Default shall have occurred and shall be continuing
under this Indenture, the Guarantee incurred by a Guarantor pursuant to this Article XII shall be unconditionally released and discharged
(i) automatically upon (A) any sale, exchange or transfer, whether by way of merger or otherwise, to any person that is not
an Affiliate of the Company, of all of the Companys direct or indirect equity interests in such Guarantor (provided such sale,
exchange or transfer is not prohibited by this Indenture) or (B) the merger of such Guarantor into the Company or any other Guarantor
or the liquidation and dissolution of such Guarantor (in each case to the extent not prohibited by this Indenture) or (ii) with
respect to any Series of Securities, upon the occurrence of any other condition set forth in the Board Resolution, supplemental
indenture or Officers Certificate establishing the terms of such Series.

(b) In
addition, the Guarantees of the DOC Guarantors shall be automatically and unconditionally released: (i) upon the sale or other disposition
(including by way of consolidation or merger), in one transaction or a series of related transactions, of a majority of the total voting
power of the capital stock or other interests of the respective DOC Guarantor (other than to the Company or any Affiliate of the Company);
(ii) upon the sale or disposition of all or substantially all the property of the respective DOC Guarantor (other than to any Affiliate
of the Company); or (iii) on the date and time at which none of the DOC DR, LLCs 4.300% Senior Notes due 2027, 3.950% Senior
Notes due 2028, and 2.625% Senior Notes due 2031 remain outstanding. The Issuer will give written notice as promptly as practicable to
the Trustee of the automatic release of any DOC Guarantee pursuant to this Section 12.3.

53

(c) Upon
receipt of a written request of the Company accompanied by an Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel to the effect that any
Guarantor is entitled to be released from the Guarantee in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture, the Trustee shall deliver
instruments reasonably requested by the Company or such Guarantor evidencing the release of such Guarantor from the Guarantee, such instruments
to be prepared by the Company or such Guarantor and delivered to the Trustee. Any Guarantor not so released shall remain liable for the
full amount of principal of and interest on the Securities entitled to the benefits of the Guarantee as provided in this Indenture, subject
to the limitations of Section 12.3.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

54

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Indenture to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

HEALTHPEAK OP, LLC

By: Healthpeak Properties, Inc.,
its managing member.

By: /s/
Peter A. Scott

Name: Peter A. Scott

Its: Chief Financial Officer

HEALTHPEAK PROPERTIES, INC.,
as Guarantor

By: /s/ Peter A. Scott

Name: Peter A. Scott

Its: Chief Financial Officer

DOC DR HOLDCO, LLC, as Guarantor

By: Healthpeak OP, LLC, its Sole Member

By: Healthpeak Properties, Inc.,
its Managing Member

By: /s/ Peter A. Scott

Name: Peter A. Scott

Its: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to
Base Indenture]

DOC DR, LLC, as Guarantor

By: DOC DR Holdco, LLC, a Maryland
limited liability company, its Managing Member

By: Healthpeak OP, LLC, its Sole Member

By: Healthpeak Properties, Inc.,
its Managing Member

By: /s/
Peter A. Scott

Name: Peter A. Scott

Its: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to
Base Indenture]

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: /s/
Bradley E. Scarbrough

Name: Bradley E. Scarbrough

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to
Base Indenture]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm255424d9_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

HEALTHPEAK OP, LLC,

HEALTHPEAK PROPERTIES, INC.,

DOC DR HOLDCO, LLC

AND

DOC DR, LLC,

AS GUARANTORS,

AND

U.S.
Bank Trust Company, National Association

AS TRUSTEE

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 14, 2025

TO INDENTURE DATED FEBRUARY 14, 2025

$500,000,000

OF

5.375% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2035

CONTENTS

Page

Article I RELATION TO BASE INDENTURE; DEFINITIONS 1

Section 1.1 Relation to Base Indenture 1

Section 1.2 Definitions 2

Article II TERMS OF THE SECURITIES 8

Section 2.1 Title of the Securities 8

Section 2.2 Price 8

Section 2.3 Limitation on Initial Aggregate Principal Amount; Further Issuances 8

Section 2.4 Interest and Interest Rates; Stated Maturity of Notes 9

Section 2.5 Method of Payment 9

Section 2.6 Currency 10

Section 2.7 Additional Notes 10

Section 2.8 Redemption 10

Section 2.9 No Sinking Fund 11

Section 2.10 Registrar and Paying Agent 11

Article III FORM OF THE SECURITIES 11

Section 3.1 Global Form 11

Section 3.2 Transfer and Exchange 12

Article IV REDEMPTION OF NOTES 17

Section 4.1 Optional Redemption of Notes 17

Section 4.2 Selection of Notes, Notice of Optional Redemption 17

Section 4.3 Payment of Notes Called for Redemption by the Company 17

Article V GUARANTEE 18

Section 5.1 Note Guarantee 18

Section 5.2 Limitation of Guarantors Liability 19

Section 5.3 Execution and Delivery of Note Guarantee 19

Section 5.4 Application of Certain Terms and Provisions to the Guarantors 20

Article VI ADDITIONAL COVENANTS 20

Section 6.1 Limitations on the Incurrence of Debt 20

Section 6.2 Maintenance of Total Unencumbered Assets 21

Section 6.3 Merger, Consolidation or Sale 21

Section 6.4 Provision of Financial Information 22

Article VII DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 23

Section 7.1 Events of Default 23

Section 7.2 Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment 25

Article VIII AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS 25

Section 8.1 Without Consent of Holders 25

i

Section 8.2 With Consent of Holders 27

Section 8.3 Assumption by Parent 28

Section 8.4 Trustee Protected 28

Article IX MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF NOTES 28

Section 9.1 Purposes for Which Meetings May Be Called 28

Section 9.2 Call, Notice and Place of Meetings 29

Section 9.3 Persons Entitled to Vote at Meetings 29

Section 9.4 Quorum; Action 29

Section 9.5 Determination of Voting Rights; Conduct and Adjournment of Meetings 30

Section 9.6 Counting Votes and Recording Action of Meetings 31

Article X MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 31

Section 10.1 Evidence of Compliance with Conditions Precedent, Certificates to Trustee 31

Section 10.2 No Recourse Against Others 31

Section 10.3 Trust Indenture Act Controls 32

Section 10.4 Governing Law 32

Section 10.5 Counterparts 32

Section 10.6 Successors 33

Section 10.7 Severability 33

Section 10.8 Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. 33

Section 10.9 Ratifications 34

Section 10.10 Effectiveness 34

Section 10.11 The Trustee 34

ii

THIS FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE
(this Supplemental Indenture) is entered into as of February 14, 2025 among Healthpeak OP, LLC, a Maryland limited
liability company (the Company), Healthpeak Properties, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Parent),
DOC DR, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company (DOC DR), DOC DR Holdco, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company
(DOC DR Holdco, and together with the Parent and DOC DR, the Guarantors), and U.S. Bank Trust
Company, National Association, a national banking association, as trustee (the Trustee).

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Company, the
Guarantors and the Trustee are parties to that certain Indenture, dated as of February 14, 2025 (the Base Indenture,
and as supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture), to provide for the issuance of Securities to
be issued in one or more series;

WHEREAS, Section 2.2
of the Base Indenture provides for various matters with respect to any Series of Securities issued under the Base Indenture to be
established in an indenture supplemental to the Base Indenture;

WHEREAS, the Company and each
Guarantor desires to execute this Supplemental Indenture to establish a new series of Securities under the Base Indenture to be known
as the 5.375% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Notes), in an initial aggregate principal amount of $500,000,000;

WHEREAS, the board of directors
of the Parent, on behalf of the Parent and in its capacity as managing member of the Company, on behalf of the Company and in its capacity
as managing member of DOC DR Holdco, on behalf of DOC DR Holdco and in its capacity as managing member of DOC DR, on behalf of DOC DR,
has duly adopted resolutions authorizing the Company and the Guarantors to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture; and

WHEREAS, all of the other
conditions and requirements necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture, when duly executed and delivered, a valid and binding agreement
in accordance with its terms and for the purposes herein expressed, have been performed and fulfilled.

THEREFORE, for and in consideration
of the premises and the purchase of the Series of Securities provided for herein by the Holders thereof, it is mutually covenanted
and agreed, for the equal and proportionate benefit of all Holders of Securities of such Series, as follows:

Article I

RELATION TO BASE INDENTURE; DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1 Relation
to Base Indenture.

This Supplemental Indenture
constitutes an integral part of the Base Indenture. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Supplemental Indenture, all provisions
of this Supplemental Indenture are expressly and solely for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes and any such provisions shall not
be deemed to apply to any other Securities issued under the Base Indenture and shall not be deemed to amend, modify or supplement the
Base Indenture for any purpose other than with respect to the Notes.

1 

Section 1.2 Definitions.

For all purposes of this Supplemental
Indenture, except as otherwise expressly provided for or unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) Capitalized
terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Base Indenture; and

(b) All
references herein to Articles and Sections, unless otherwise specified, refer to the corresponding Articles and Sections of this Supplemental
Indenture as they amend or supplement the Base Indenture, and not the Base Indenture or any other document.

Additional Notes
means additional Notes (other than the Initial Notes) issued under the Indenture in accordance with Sections 2.3, 2.7 and 8.1 hereof,
as part of the same series as the Initial Notes.

Affiliate
of any specified person means any other person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under common control with such specified
person. For the purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meanings, the terms controlled
by and under common control with), as used with respect to any person, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly,
of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such person, whether through the ownership of voting securities
or by agreement or otherwise.

Applicable Procedures
means, with respect to any transfer or exchange of or for beneficial interests in any Global Note, the rules and procedures of the
Depositary, Euroclear and Clearstream that apply to such transfer or exchange.

Authentication Order
means a Company Order delivered to the Trustee to authenticate and deliver the Notes, signed in the name of the Company by an Officer
of the Managing Member.

Bankruptcy Law
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 7.1.

Business Day
means any day, other than a Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which banking institutions in New York, New York or the place of payment
are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close.

Clearstream
means Clearstream Banking, Socit Anonyme.

Company Order
means a written order signed in the name of the Company by an Officer of the Managing Member and delivered to the Trustee.

2 

Consolidated EBITDA
means, for any period of time, the net income (loss) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance
with GAAP for such period, before deductions for (without duplication):

(1) Interest
Expense;

(2) taxes;

(3) depreciation,
amortization, and all other non-cash items, as determined reasonably and in good faith by the Company, deducted in arriving at net income
(loss);

(4) extraordinary
items, including impairment charges;

(5) non-recurring
items or other unusual items, as determined reasonably and in good faith by the Company (including, without limitation, all prepayment
penalties and all costs or fees incurred in connection with any debt financing or amendment thereto, acquisition, disposition, recapitalization
or similar transaction (regardless of whether such transaction is completed));

(6) noncontrolling
interests;

(7) income
or expense attributable to transactions involving derivative instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting in accordance with GAAP;
and

(8) gains
or losses on dispositions of depreciable real estate investments, property valuation losses and impairment charges.

For purposes of calculating
Consolidated EBITDA, all amounts shall be as determined reasonably and in good faith by the Company, and in accordance with GAAP except
to the extent that GAAP is not applicable with respect to the determination of all non-cash and non-recurring items.

Consolidated Financial
Statements means, with respect to any Person, collectively, the consolidated financial statements and notes to those financial
statements, of that Person and its Subsidiaries prepared in accordance with GAAP.

Corporate Trust
Office means the designated office of the Trustee at which at any time its corporate trust business shall be administered,
which office at the date hereof is located at 633 West 5th Street, 24th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071, Attention: B. Scarbrough (Healthpeak
Notes Administrator), or such other address as the Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Company, or
the designated corporate trust office of any successor Trustee (or such other address as such successor Trustee may designate from time
to time by notice to the Holders and the Company).

Debt
means, as of any date (without duplication), all indebtedness and liabilities for borrowed money, secured or unsecured, of the Company
and its Subsidiaries, including mortgages and other notes payable (including any debt securities issued under the Indenture to the extent
outstanding from time to time), but excluding any indebtedness, including mortgages and other notes payable, which is secured by cash,
cash equivalents or marketable securities or defeased (it being understood that cash collateral shall be deemed to include cash deposited
with a trustee with respect to third party indebtedness), Intercompany Debt and all liabilities associated with customary exceptions
to non-recourse indebtedness, such as for fraud, misapplication of funds, environmental indemnities, voluntary bankruptcy, collusive involuntary
bankruptcy and other similar exceptions. It is understood that Debt shall not include any redeemable equity interest in the Company.

3 

Defaulted Interest
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.5.

Definitive Note
means a certificated Note registered in the name of the Holder thereof and issued in accordance with Section 3.2, substantially in
the form of Exhibit A hereto except that such Note shall not bear the Global Note legend and shall not have the Schedule
of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached thereto.

Depositary
means, with respect to the Notes, The Depository Trust Company and any successor thereto.

DOC Guarantors
means, collectively, DOC DR, LLC and DOC DR Holdco, LLC.

Euroclear
means Euroclear S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear system.

Event of Default
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 7.1.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, consistently applied, as in effect from time to time.

Global Note Legend
means the legend set forth in Section 3.2(f), which is required to be placed on all Global Notes issued under the Indenture.

Global Notes
means, individually and collectively, each of the Notes deposited with or on behalf of and registered in the name of the Depositary or
its nominee, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto and that bears the Global Note Legend and that has the Schedule
of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached thereto, issued in accordance with the Indenture.

Holders
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.4.

Incur
means, with respect to any Debt or other obligation of any Person, to create, assume, guarantee or otherwise become liable in respect
of such Debt or other obligation, and Incurrence and Incurred have the meanings correlative to the foregoing.

Indenture
means the Base Indenture, as supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture, and as further supplemented, amended or restated.

Indirect Participant
means a Person who holds a beneficial interest in a Global Note through a Participant.

Initial Notes
means the $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes issued under this Supplemental Indenture on the date hereof.

4 

Intercompany Debt
means, as of any date, Debt to which the only parties are the Company and any of its Subsidiaries as of such date; provided, however,
that with respect to any such Debt of which the Company is the borrower, such Debt is subordinate in right of payment to the notes.

interest
means, when used with reference to the Notes, any interest payable under the terms of the Notes.

Interest Expense
means, for any period of time, the aggregate amount of interest recorded in accordance with GAAP for such period by the Company and its
Subsidiaries, but excluding (i) interest reserves funded from the proceeds of any loan, (ii) prepayment penalties, (iii) amortization
of deferred financing costs, and (iv) non-cash swap ineffectiveness charges, in all cases as reflected in the applicable Consolidated
Financial Statements.

Interest Payment
Date shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.4.

Latest Completed
Quarter means, as of any date, the then most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Parent for which Consolidated Financial Statements
of the Parent have been completed, it being understood that at any time when the Parent is subject to the informational requirements of
the Exchange Act, and in accordance therewith files annual and quarterly reports with the SEC, the term Latest Completed Quarter
shall be deemed to refer to the fiscal quarter covered by the Parents most recently filed Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, or,
in the case of the last fiscal quarter of the year, the Parents Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Lien
means (without duplication) any lien, mortgage, trust deed, deed of trust, deed to secure debt, pledge, security interest, assignment
for collateral purposes, deposit arrangement, or other security agreement, excluding any right of setoff but including, without limitation,
any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the
foregoing, and any other like agreement granting or conveying a security interest; provided that, for purposes hereof, Lien
shall not include any mortgage that has been defeased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in accordance with the provisions thereof
through the deposit of cash, cash equivalents or marketable securities (it being understood that cash collateral shall be deemed to include
cash deposited with a trustee with respect to third party indebtedness).

Note Guarantee
means the guarantee by each of the Guarantors of the Companys obligations under the Indenture and the Notes, executed pursuant
to the provisions of this Supplemental Indenture.

Notes
has the meaning assigned to it in the preamble to this Supplemental Indenture. The Initial Notes and the Additional Notes shall be treated
as a single class for all purposes under the Indenture, and unless the context otherwise requires, all references to the Notes shall include
the Initial Notes and any Additional Notes.

Officer
means the Chair of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer, the General Counsel,
any Deputy or Assistant General Counsel, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer, the Controller, any Assistant Controller, the Corporate
Secretary, any Assistant Corporate Secretary or any Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President, or Vice President of the Managing
Member or any Guarantor, as the case may be. For the avoidance of doubt, any officer with the word Chief in his or her title
is deemed to be an Executive Vice President of the Company or the Managing Member.

5 

Officers
Certificate means a certificate signed by any Officer of the Company, the Managing Member or any Guarantor, as applicable.

Opinion of Counsel
means a written opinion of legal counsel, who is acceptable to the Trustee. The counsel may be an employee of or counsel to the Company
or the Managing Member. The opinion may contain customary limitations, conditions and exceptions.

Par Call Date
means November 15, 2034.

Participant
means, with respect to the Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, a Person who has an account with the Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream,
respectively (and with respect to the Depositary Trust Company, shall include Euroclear and Clearstream).

Person
means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, limited
liability company or government or other entity.

Prospectus
means the base prospectus dated February 5, 2025 contained in the Companys and the Guarantors registration statement
on Form S-3 (Registration Nos. 333-276954, 333-276954-01, 333-276954-02 and 333-276954-03), together with the prospectus supplement
dated February 5, 2025.

Real Estate Assets
means, as of any date, the real estate assets of such Person and its Subsidiaries on such date, on a consolidated basis determined in
accordance with GAAP.

Record Date
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.4.

Redemption Date
means, with respect to any Note or portion thereof to be redeemed in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.1, the date fixed
for such redemption in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.1.

Redemption Price
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 4.1.

Remaining Life
means, with respect to any Notes to be redeemed, the remaining term of such Notes, calculated as if the maturity date of such Notes were
the Par Call Date.

SEC means
the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Secured Debt
means, as of any date, that portion of the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Debt of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of
that date that is secured by a Lien on properties or other assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as in effect from time to time.

6 

Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person, a corporation, partnership association, joint venture, trust, limited liability company or other business
entity that is required to be consolidated with such Person in accordance with GAAP.

Total Assets
means, as of any date, the consolidated total assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, as such amount would appear on a consolidated
balance sheet of the Company prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP. Total Assets shall include Undepreciated
Real Estate Assets and all other assets but shall exclude goodwill, and shall include the proceeds of the Debt or Secured Debt to be Incurred.

Total Unencumbered
Assets means, as of any date, Undepreciated Real Estate Assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries that are not subject to
any Lien that secures Debt of any of the Company and its Subsidiaries plus, without duplication, loan loss reserves relating thereto,
accumulated depreciation thereon, plus all other assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries as all such amounts would appear on a consolidated
balance sheet of the Company prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP plus the proceeds of the Debt or Secured Debt to be Incurred;
provided, however, that Total Unencumbered Assets does not include net real estate investments under unconsolidated joint
ventures of the Company and its Subsidiaries and does not include goodwill.

Treasury Rate
means, with respect to any Redemption Date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs:

The Treasury Rate shall be
determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily
by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the date the notice of redemption is given
based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release
published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or
any successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant
maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the
Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the
Redemption Date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on
H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately
shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life 
and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the
result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining
Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable
Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years,
as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the Redemption Date.

7 

If on the third business day
preceding the date the notice of redemption is given H.15 TCM or any successor designation or publication is no longer published, the
Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m.,
New York City time, on the second business day preceding the date the notice of redemption is given of the United States Treasury security
maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing
on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call
Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall
select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury
securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence,
the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading
closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City
time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable
United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount)
at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places.

Undepreciated Real
Estate Assets means, as of any date, the amount of real estate assets valued at original cost plus capital improvements.

Unsecured Debt
means, as of any date, that portion of the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Debt of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of
that date that is not Secured Debt.

Article II

TERMS OF THE SECURITIES

Section 2.1 Title
of the Securities.

There shall be a Series of
Securities designated the 5.375% Senior Notes due 2035.

Section 2.2 Price.

The Initial Notes shall be
issued at a public offering price of 99.549% of the principal amount thereof, other than any offering discounts pursuant to the initial
offering and resale of the Notes.

Section 2.3 Limitation
on Initial Aggregate Principal Amount; Further Issuances.

The aggregate principal amount
of the Notes initially shall be limited to $500,000,000. The Company may, without notice to or consent of the Holders, issue Additional
Notes from time to time in the future in an unlimited principal amount, subject to compliance with the terms of the Indenture.

Nothing contained in this
Section 2.3 or elsewhere in this Supplemental Indenture, or in the Notes, is intended to or shall limit execution by the Company
or authentication or delivery by the Trustee of Notes under the circumstances contemplated by Sections 2.7, 2.8, 2.11, 3.6 or 9.6 of the
Base Indenture.

8 

Section 2.4 Interest
and Interest Rates; Stated Maturity of Notes.

(a) The
Notes shall bear interest at the rate of 5.375% per year. Interest on the Notes will accrue from February 14, 2025 and will be payable
semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, commencing on August 15, 2025 (each such date being
an Interest Payment Date), to the persons in whose names the Notes are registered in the security register (the Holders)
on the preceding February 1 or August 1, whether or not a Business Day, as the case may be (each such date being a Record
Date). Interest on the Notes will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months.

(b) If
any Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date or Stated Maturity falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the required payment of principal,
premium, if any, and/or interest may be made on the next succeeding Business Day as if it were made on the date the payment was due, and
no interest shall accrue on such payment for the period from and after that Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date or Stated Maturity,
as the case may be, to the date of such payment on the next succeeding Business Day.

(c) The
Stated Maturity of the Notes shall be February 15, 2035.

Section 2.5 Method
of Payment.

Principal, premium, if any,
and interest shall be payable at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee. The Company shall pay interest (i) on any Notes in certificated
form by check mailed to the address of the Holder entitled thereto; provided, however, that a Holder of any Notes in certificated
form in the aggregate principal amount of more than $2,000,000 may specify by written notice to the Company (with a copy to the Trustee)
that it pay interest by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account specified by the Holder in such notice, or (ii) on
any Global Note by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. Any interest on any Note
which is payable, but is not punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date (herein called Defaulted Interest)
shall forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder registered as such on the relevant Record Date, and such Defaulted Interest shall be
paid by the Company, at its election in each case, as provided in clause (a) or (b) below:

(a) The
Company may elect to make payment of any Defaulted Interest to the persons in whose names the Notes are registered at 5:00 p.m., New York
City time, on a special record date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest, which shall be fixed in the following manner. The Company
shall notify the Trustee in writing of the amount of Defaulted Interest proposed to be paid on each Note and the date of the proposed
payment (which shall be not less than 25 calendar days after the receipt by the Trustee of such notice, unless the Trustee shall consent
to an earlier date), and at the same time the Company shall deposit with the Trustee an amount of money equal to the aggregate amount
to be paid in respect of such Defaulted Interest or shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for such deposit on or prior to
the date of the proposed payment, such money when deposited to be held in trust for the benefit of the persons entitled to such Defaulted
Interest as in this clause provided. Thereupon the Company shall fix a special record date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest
which shall be not more than 15 calendar days and not less than 10 calendar days prior to the date of the proposed payment, and not less
than 10 calendar days after the receipt by the Trustee of the notice of the proposed payment (unless the Trustee shall consent to an earlier
date). The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee of such special record date and shall cause notice of the proposed payment of such
Defaulted Interest and the special record date therefor to be sent to each Holder at its address as it appears in the register, not less
than 10 calendar days prior to such special record date. Notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Interest and the special record
date therefor having been so mailed, such Defaulted Interest shall be paid to the persons in whose names the Notes are registered at 5:00
p.m., New York City time, on such special record date and shall no longer be payable pursuant to the following clause (b) of this
Section 2.5.

9 

(b) The
Company may make payment of any Defaulted Interest in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities
exchange or automated quotation system on which the Notes may be listed or designated for issuance, and upon such notice as may be required
by such exchange or automated quotation system, if, after notice given by the Company to the Trustee of the proposed payment pursuant
to this clause, such manner of payment shall be deemed practicable by the Trustee.

Section 2.6 Currency.

Principal and interest on
the Notes shall be payable in U.S. Dollars.

Section 2.7 Additional
Notes.

The Company will be entitled,
without the consent of any Holders of the Notes, upon delivery of an Officers Certificate, Opinion of Counsel and Authentication
Order, subject to its compliance with Section 6.1, to issue Additional Notes under the Indenture that will have identical terms to
the Initial Notes issued on the date of the Indenture other than with respect to the date of issuance, issue price and, if applicable,
the date from which interest on such Additional Notes will begin to accrue and the initial interest payment date; provided, however,
that if such Additional Notes will not be fungible with the Initial Notes for U.S. federal income tax or securities law purposes, such
Additional Notes will have a separate CUSIP number. Such Additional Notes will rank equally and ratable in right of payment and will be
treated as a single series for all purposes under the Indenture.

With respect to any Additional
Notes, the Company will set forth in a resolution of the board of directors of the Parent acting on behalf of the Company and an Officers
Certificate, a copy of each of which will be delivered to the Trustee, the following information:

(a) the
aggregate principal amount of such Additional Notes to be authenticated and delivered pursuant to the Indenture; and

(b) the
issue price, the issue date, the CUSIP number of such Additional Notes, the date from which interest shall accrue and the initial interest
payment date.

Section 2.8 Redemption.

The Notes may be redeemed
at the option of the Company prior to the Stated Maturity as provided in Article IV.

10 

Section 2.9 No
Sinking Fund.

The provisions of Article XI
of the Base Indenture shall not be applicable to the Notes.

Section 2.10 Registrar
and Paying Agent.

The Trustee shall initially
serve as Registrar and Paying Agent for the Notes.

Article III

FORM OF THE SECURITIES

Section 3.1 Global
Form.

Upon the original issuance,
the Notes shall be represented by one or more Global Notes without coupons. The Notes shall not be issuable in definitive form except
as provided in Section 3.2(a) of this Supplemental Indenture. The Notes and the Trustees certificate of authentication
shall be substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A hereto. The Company shall issue the Notes in minimum denominations
of $2,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof and shall deposit the Global Notes with the Depositary, and register the
Global Securities in the name of the Depoistary or its nominee, as the case may be, subject to Sections 2.7 and 2.14 of the Base Indenture.

The Company shall execute
and the Trustee shall, in accordance with Section 2.3 of the Base Indenture, authenticate and hold each Global Note as custodian
for the Depositary. Each Global Note will represent such of the outstanding Notes as will be specified therein and each shall provide
that it represents the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate principal
amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby may from time to time be reduced or increased, as appropriate, to reflect exchanges and
redemptions. Any endorsement of a Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the aggregate principal amount of outstanding
Notes represented thereby will be made by the Registrar or the custodian, at the direction of the Trustee. The terms and provisions contained
in the form of Note attached as Exhibit A hereto shall constitute, and are hereby expressly made, a part of the Indenture
and, to the extent applicable, the Company, each Guarantor and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture,
expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby.

Participants of the Depositary
shall have no rights either under the Indenture or with respect to the Global Notes. The Depositary or its nominee, as applicable, shall
be treated by the Company, each Guarantor, the Trustee and any agent of the Company, such Guarantor or the Trustee as the absolute owner
and Holder of such Global Notes for all purposes under the Indenture. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall prevent the
Company, any Guarantor or the Trustee from giving effect to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depositary
or its nominee, as applicable, or impair, as between the Depositary and its participants, the operation of customary practices of such
Depositary governing the exercise of the rights of an owner of a beneficial interest in the Global Notes.

11 

Section 3.2 Transfer
and Exchange.

(a) Transfer
and Exchange of Global Notes. A Global Note may not be transferred except as a whole by the Depositary to a nominee of the Depositary,
by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or to another nominee of the Depositary, or by the Depositary or any such nominee to
a successor Depositary or a nominee of such successor Depositary. All Global Notes will be exchanged by the Company for Definitive Notes
if:

(1) the
Company delivers to the Trustee notice from the Depositary that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as Depositary or that it
is no longer a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and, in either case, a successor Depositary is not appointed by the Company
within 90 days after the date of such notice from the Depositary or

(2) the
Company, at its option, determines that the Global Notes (in whole but not in part) should be exchanged for Definitive Notes and delivers
a written notice to such effect to the Trustee; or

(3) if
there has occurred and is continuing a Default or Event of Default with respect to the Notes.

Upon the occurrence of any of the preceding events
in (1), (2) or (3) above, Definitive Notes shall be issued in registered form in such names as the Depositary shall instruct
the Trustee. Global Notes also may be exchanged or replaced, in whole or in part, as provided in Sections 2.8 and 2.11 of the Base Indenture.
Every Note authenticated and delivered in exchange for, or in lieu of, a Global Note or any portion thereof, pursuant to this Section 3.2
or Section 2.8 and 2.11 of the Base Indenture, shall be authenticated and delivered in the form of, and shall be, a Global Note.
A Global Note may not be exchanged for another Note other than as provided in this Section 3.2(a); however, beneficial interests
in a Global Note may be transferred and exchanged as provided in Section 3.2(b) or (c).

(b) Transfer
and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in the Global Notes. The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will
be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture and the Applicable Procedures. Transfers of beneficial
interests in the Global Notes also will require compliance with either subparagraph (1) or (2) below, as applicable, as well
as one or more of the other following subparagraphs, as applicable:

(1) Transfer
of Beneficial Interests in the Same Global Note. Beneficial interests in any Global Note may be transferred to persons who take delivery
thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in a Global Note. No written orders or instructions shall be required to be delivered to
the Registrar to effect the transfers described in this Section 3.2(b)(1).

12 

(2) All
Other Transfers and Exchanges of Beneficial Interests in Global Notes. In connection with all transfers and exchanges of beneficial
interests that are not subject to Section 3.2(b)(1) above, the transferor of such beneficial interest must deliver to the Registrar
either:

both:

(A) a
written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing
the Depositary to credit or cause to be credited a beneficial interest in another Global Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest
to be transferred or exchanged; and

(B) instructions
given in accordance with the Applicable Procedures containing information regarding the Participant account to be credited with such increase;
or

both:

(C) a
written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing
the Depositary to cause to be issued a Definitive Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged; and

(D) instructions
given by the Depositary to the Registrar containing information regarding the person in whose name such Definitive Note shall be registered
to effect the transfer or exchange referred to in (b)(1) above.

Upon satisfaction of all of
the requirements for transfer or exchange of beneficial interests in Global Notes contained in this Supplemental Indenture and the Notes
or otherwise applicable under the Securities Act, the Trustee shall adjust the principal amount of the relevant Global Note(s) pursuant
to Section 3.2(g).

(c) Transfer
and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in Global Notes for Definitive Notes. If any holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note
proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a Definitive Note or to transfer such beneficial interest to a person who takes delivery
thereof in the form of a Definitive Note, then, upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 3.2(b)(2) and written
notice to the Trustee, the Trustee will cause the aggregate principal amount of the applicable Global Note to be reduced accordingly pursuant
to Section 3.2(g) hereof, and the Company will execute and, upon the receipt of an Authentication Order, the Trustee will authenticate
and deliver to the person designated in the instructions a Definitive Note in the appropriate principal amount. Any Definitive Note issued
in exchange for a beneficial interest pursuant to this Section 3.2(c) will be registered in such name or names and in such authorized
denomination or denominations as the holder of such beneficial interest requests through instructions to the Registrar from or through
the Depositary and the Participant or Indirect Participant. The Trustee will deliver such Definitive Notes to the persons in whose names
such Notes are so registered.

13 

(d) Transfer
and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Beneficial Interests in Global Notes. A Holder of a Definitive Note may exchange such Note for
a beneficial interest in a Global Note or transfer such Definitive Notes to a person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial
interest in a Global Note at any time. Upon receipt of a request for such an exchange or transfer, the Trustee will cancel the applicable
Definitive Note and increase or cause to be increased the aggregate principal amount of one of the Global Notes. If any such exchange
or transfer from a Definitive Note to a beneficial interest is effected pursuant to the previous sentence at a time when a Global Note
has not yet been issued, the Company will issue and, upon receipt of an Authentication Order in accordance with Section 3.2, the
Trustee will authenticate one or more Global Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Definitive Notes
so transferred.

(e) Transfer
and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Definitive Notes. Upon request by a Holder of Definitive Notes and such Holders compliance
with the provisions of this Section 3.2(e), the Registrar will register the transfer or exchange of Definitive Notes. Prior to such
registration of transfer or exchange, the requesting Holder must present or surrender to the Registrar the Definitive Notes duly endorsed
or accompanied by a written instruction of transfer in form satisfactory to the Registrar duly executed by such Holder or by its attorney,
duly authorized in writing. In addition, the requesting Holder must provide any additional certifications, documents and information,
as applicable, required to effectuate a transfer pursuant to this Section 3.2(e). A Holder of Definitive Notes may transfer such
Notes to a person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a Definitive Note. Upon receipt of a request to register such a transfer,
the Registrar shall register the Definitive Notes pursuant to the instructions from the Holder thereof.

(f) Legend.
Each Global Note issued under the Indenture, unless specifically stated otherwise in the applicable provisions of the Indenture, will
bear a legend in substantially the following form:

THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL NOTE
WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE DEPOSITARY (AS DEFINED IN THE SUPPLEMENTAL
INDENTURE GOVERNING THIS NOTE) OR A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY, WHICH SHALL BE TREATED BY THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE AND ANY AGENT THEREOF
AS OWNER AND HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY FOR ALL PURPOSES. UNLESS THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY
TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC) TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT,
AND ANY GLOBAL NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT HEREON IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL SINCE THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF,
CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. THIS SECURITY IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN
THE DEPOSITARY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE, AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS
A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY, BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY
OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY.

14 

(g) Cancellation
and/or Adjustment of Global Notes. At such time as all beneficial interests in a particular Global Note have been exchanged for Definitive
Notes or a particular Global Note has been redeemed, repurchased or canceled in whole and not in part, each such Global Note will be returned
to or retained and canceled by the Trustee in accordance with Section 2.12 of the Base Indenture. At any time prior to such cancellation,
if any beneficial interest in a Global Note is exchanged for or transferred to a person who will take delivery thereof in the form of
a beneficial interest in another Global Note or for Definitive Notes, the principal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note will
be reduced accordingly and an endorsement will be made on such Global Note by the Trustee or by the Depositary at the direction of the
Trustee to reflect such reduction; and if the beneficial interest is being exchanged for or transferred to a person who will take delivery
thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Global Note, such other Global Note will be increased accordingly and an endorsement
will be made on such Global Note by the Trustee or by the Depositary at the direction of the Trustee to reflect such increase.

(h) General
Provisions Relating to Transfers and Exchanges.

(1) To
permit registrations of transfers and exchanges, the Company will execute and the Trustee will authenticate Global Notes and Definitive
Notes upon receipt of an Authentication Order or at the Registrars request.

(2) No
service charge will be made to a Holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note or to a Holder of a Definitive Note for any registration
of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or similar governmental charge
payable in connection therewith (other than any such transfer taxes or similar governmental charge payable upon exchange or transfer pursuant
to Sections 2.11 and 9.6 of the Base Indenture and Section 4.3 of this Supplemental Indenture).

(3) The
Registrar will not be required to register the transfer of or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part, except
the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part.

(4) All
Global Notes and Definitive Notes issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Global Notes or Definitive Notes will be the
valid obligations of the Company, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under the Indenture, as the Global Notes
or Definitive Notes surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange.

(5) Neither
the Registrar nor the Company will be required:

(A) to
issue or register the transfer or exchange of any Note during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the mailing
of a notice of redemption of the notes selected for redemption under Article IV and ending at the close of business on the day of
such mailing;

15 

(B) to
register the transfer or exchange of any Note so selected for redemption, in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any Note
being redeemed in part; or

(C) to
register the transfer of or to exchange a Note between a record date and the next succeeding Interest Payment Date.

(6) Prior
to due presentment for the registration of a transfer of any Note, the Trustee, any Agent and the Company shall deem and treat the person
in whose name any Note is registered as the absolute owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payment of principal of and interest
on such Notes and for all other purposes, and none of the Trustee, any Agent or the Company shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

(7) The
Trustee will authenticate Global Notes and Definitive Notes in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.1 hereof.

(8) All
certifications, certificates and Opinions of Counsel required to be submitted to the Registrar pursuant to this Section 3.2 to effect
a registration of transfer or exchange may be submitted by facsimile.

(i) The
transferor shall also provide or cause to be provided to the Trustee all information necessary to allow the Trustee to comply with any
applicable tax reporting obligations, including without limitation any cost basis reporting obligations under Internal Revenue Code Section 6045.
The Trustee may rely on the information provided to it and shall have no responsibility to verify or ensure the accuracy of such information.

(j) None
of the Trustee or any Agent shall have any obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions
on transfer imposed under this Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Note (including any
transfers between or among Depositary participants, members or beneficial owners in any Global Note) other than to require delivery of
such certificates and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by the
terms of, this Indenture, and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof.

(k) None
of the Trustee or any Agent shall have any responsibility or obligation to any beneficial owner of a Global Note, a member of, or a participant
in the Depositary or other person with respect to the accuracy of the records of the Depositary or its nominee or of any participant or
member thereof, with respect to any ownership interest in the Notes or with respect to the delivery to any participant, member, beneficial
owner or other person (other than the Depositary) of any notice (including any notice of optional redemption) or the payment of any amount,
under or with respect to such Notes.

16 

Article IV

REDEMPTION OF NOTES

The provisions of Article III
of the Base Indenture, as amended by the provisions of this Supplemental Indenture, shall apply to the Notes.

Section 4.1 Optional
Redemption of Notes.

(a) Prior
to the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage
of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) (the Redemption Price) equal to the greater of (i) (a) the
sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the Redemption Date (assuming
the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury
Rate plus 20 basis points less (b) interest accrued to but excluding the Redemption Date; and (ii) 100% of the principal amount
of the Notes being redeemed; plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the Redemption
Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Notes are redeemed on or after the Par Call Date, the Company may, at its option, redeem the
Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes
being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, installments of interest on the Notes that are due and payable on any Interest Payment Date falling on or prior to a Redemption
Date shall be due and payable on such Interest Payment Date to the Holder of record at the close of business on the corresponding Record
Date.

(b) The
Companys actions and determinations in determining the Redemption Price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error. The Trustee shall have no obligation to determine or verify any determination of the redemption price.

Section 4.2 Selection
of Notes, Notice of Optional Redemption.

(a) The
Company may redeem the Notes in increments of $1,000 so long as, in the case of any Note redeemed in part, the unredeemed principal amount
thereof is $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. If the Company redeems less than all of the Notes, the Notes to
be redeemed will be selected in accordance with the procedures of the Depositary. The Company will cause notices of redemption to be delivered
at least 10 but not more than 60 days before the Redemption Date to each Holder of Notes to be redeemed at its registered address or by
delivery to the Depositary for posting through its systems.

(b) If
any of the Notes are to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to the relevant Note will state the portion of
the principal amount thereof to be redeemed. The Company will issue a Note in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the
original Note in the name of the Holder thereof upon cancellation of the original Note. A notice of redemption may be conditional.

Section 4.3 Payment
of Notes Called for Redemption by the Company.

Any Notes called for redemption
will become due on the Redemption Date. On or after the Redemption Date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions of them
called for redemption.

17 

Article V

GUARANTEE

Sections 5.1 and 5.2 hereof
shall replace Sections 12.1 and 12.2 of the Base Indenture with respect to the Notes and the Note Guarantee.

Section 5.1 Note
Guarantee.

(a) Subject
to this Article 5, each Guarantor hereby fully and unconditionally guarantees, on a joint and several basis, to each Holder of a
Note authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and to the Trustee and its successors and assigns:

(1) the
due and punctual payment of principal of, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on the Notes will be promptly paid in full when due,
whether at Stated Maturity, upon acceleration, redemption or otherwise, and interest on the overdue principal of, premium on, if any,
irrespective of the validity and enforceability of the Indenture, the Notes or the obligations of the Company under the Indenture or the
Notes, and interest, if any, on, the Notes, if lawful, and all other obligations of the Company to the Holders or the Trustee under the
Indenture or the Notes (including fees and expenses) will be promptly paid in full or performed, all in accordance with the terms under
the Indenture or the Notes; and

(2) in
case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Notes or any of such other obligations, that same will be promptly paid in
full when due or performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at Stated Maturity, by acceleration or otherwise.

Failing payment when due of any amount so guaranteed
or any performance so guaranteed for whatever reason, each Guarantor will be obligated to pay the same immediately. Each Guarantor agrees
that this is a guarantee of payment and not a guarantee of collection.

(b) Each
Guarantor hereby agrees that its obligations under the Indenture and the Notes are senior unsecured obligations and are full and unconditional,
irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of the Indenture or the Notes, the absence of any action to enforce the same,
any waiver or consent by any Holder of the Notes with respect to any provisions of the Indenture or the Notes, the recovery of any judgment
against the Company, any action to enforce the same or any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge
or defense of such Guarantor. Each Guarantor hereby agrees that in the event of a default in payment of the principal of or interest on
the Notes entitled to the Note Guarantee, whether at the Stated Maturity or by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise,
legal proceedings may be instituted by the Trustee on behalf of the Holders or, subject to Section 6.7 of the Base Indenture, by
the Holders, on the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture, directly against such Guarantor to enforce the Note Guarantee without
first proceeding against the Company. Each Guarantor hereby (i) waives diligence, presentment, demand of payment, filing of claims
with a court in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company, any right to require a proceeding first against the Company, protest,
notice and all demands whatsoever, (ii) acknowledges that any agreement, instrument or document evidencing the Note Guarantee may
be transferred and that the benefit of its obligations hereunder shall extend to each holder of any agreement, instrument or document
evidencing the Note Guarantee without notice to it and (iii) covenants that this Note Guarantee will not be discharged except by
complete performance of the obligations contained in the Indenture and the Notes.

18 

(c) If
any Holder or the Trustee is required by any court or otherwise to return to the Company, any Guarantor or any custodian, trustee, liquidator
or other similar official acting in relation to either the Company or such Guarantor, any amount paid by either to the Trustee or such
Holder, this Note Guarantee, to the extent theretofore discharged, will be reinstated in full force and effect.

(d) Each
Guarantor agrees that it will not be entitled to any right of subrogation in relation to the Holders in respect of any obligations guaranteed
hereby until payment in full of all obligations guaranteed hereby. Each Guarantor further agrees that, as between such Guarantor, on the
one hand, and the Holders and the Trustee, on the other hand, (1) the maturity of the obligations guaranteed hereby may be accelerated
as provided in Article VII for the purposes of this Note Guarantee, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing
such acceleration in respect of the obligations guaranteed hereby, and (2) in the event of any declaration of acceleration of such
obligations as provided in Article VII, such obligations (whether or not due and payable) will forthwith become due and payable by
such Guarantor for the purpose of this Note Guarantee.

Section 5.2 Limitation
of Guarantors Liability.

Each Guarantor, and by its
acceptance of Notes, each Holder, hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such parties that the Note Guarantee of each Guarantor
not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of Bankruptcy Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform
Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar federal or state law to the extent applicable to the Note Guarantee. To effectuate the foregoing
intention, the Trustee, the Holders and each Guarantor hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of each Guarantor will be limited
to the maximum amount that will not, after giving effect to all other contingent and fixed liabilities of such Guarantor that are relevant
under such laws, result in the obligations of such Guarantor under its Note Guarantee constituting a fraudulent transfer or conveyance.

Section 5.3 Execution
and Delivery of Note Guarantee.

The execution by each Guarantor
of this Supplemental Indenture evidences the Note Guarantee of such Guarantor, and the delivery of any Note by the Trustee after its authentication
constitutes due delivery of the Note Guarantee on behalf of each Guarantor. A Note Guarantees validity will not be affected by
the failure of any officer of a Guarantor executing this Supplemental Indenture on such Guarantors behalf to hold, at the time
any Note is authenticated, the same or any other office at such Guarantor, and the Note Guarantee will be valid and enforceable even if
no notation, certificate or other instrument is set upon or attached to, or otherwise executed and delivered to the Holder of, any Note.

19 

Section 5.4 Application
of Certain Terms and Provisions to the Guarantors.

(a) For
purposes of any provision of the Indenture which provides for the delivery by any Guarantor of an Officers Certificate and/or an
Opinion of Counsel, the definitions of such terms in Section 1.2 shall apply to such Guarantor as if references therein to the Company
were references to such Guarantor.

(b) Any
notice or demand which by any provision of the Indenture is required or permitted to be given or served by the Trustee or by the Holders
of Notes to or on any Guarantor may be given or served as described in Section 10.2 of the Base Indenture as if references therein
to the Company were references to such Guarantor.

(c) Upon
any demand, request or application by any Guarantor to the Trustee to take any action under the Indenture, such Guarantor shall furnish
to the Trustee such Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel as are required in Section 10.1 as if all references therein
to the Company were references to such Guarantor.

Article VI

ADDITIONAL COVENANTS

The covenants set forth in
Sections 4.1, 4.3 and 4.4 of the Base Indenture and the following additional covenants shall apply with respect to the Notes so long as
any of the Notes remain outstanding:

Section 6.1 Limitations
on the Incurrence of Debt.

(a) Limitation
on Total Outstanding Debt. The Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, Incur any Debt if, immediately
after giving effect to the Incurrence of such additional Debt and any other Debt Incurred since the end of the Latest Completed Quarter
and the application of the net proceeds therefrom, the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Debt would exceed 60% of the sum
of (without duplication) (i) Total Assets as of the end of the Latest Completed Quarter and (ii) the purchase price of any Real
Estate Assets or mortgages receivable acquired or to be acquired in exchange for proceeds of any securities offering, and the amount of
any securities offering proceeds received (to the extent such proceeds were not used to acquire Real Estate Assets or mortgages receivable
or to reduce Debt), since the end of the Latest Completed Quarter.

(b) Limitation
on Secured Debt. The Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, Incur any Secured Debt if, immediately
after giving effect to the Incurrence of such additional Secured Debt and any other Secured Debt Incurred since the end of the Latest
Completed Quarter and the application of the net proceeds therefrom, the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Secured Debt would
exceed 40% of the sum of (without duplication) (i) Total Assets as of the end of the Latest Completed Quarter and (ii) the purchase
price of any Real Estate Assets or mortgages receivable acquired or to be acquired in exchange for proceeds of any securities offering,
and the amount of any securities offering proceeds received (to the extent such proceeds were not used to acquire Real Estate Assets or
mortgages receivable or to reduce Debt), since the end of the Latest Completed Quarter.

20 

(c) Debt
Service Test. The Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, Incur any Debt if, immediately after giving
effect to the Incurrence of such additional Debt and any other Debt Incurred since the end of the Latest Completed Quarter and the application
of the net proceeds therefrom, the ratio of Consolidated EBITDA to Interest Expense for the four consecutive fiscal quarters ending with
the Latest Completed Quarter would be less than 1.50 to 1.00 on a pro forma basis and calculated on the assumption (without duplication)
that:

(1) the
additional Debt and any other Debt Incurred by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries since the first day of such four-quarter period
to the date of determination, which was outstanding at the date of determination, had been Incurred at the beginning of that period and
continued to be outstanding throughout that period, and the application of the net proceeds of such Debt, including to refinance other
Debt, had occurred at the beginning of such period; provided that in determining the amount of Debt so Incurred, the amount of Debt under
any revolving credit facility shall be computed based upon the average daily balance of such Debt during such period;

(2) the
repayment or retirement of any other Debt repaid or retired by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries since the first day of such four-quarter
period to the date of determination had occurred at the beginning of that period; provided that in determining the amount of Debt so repaid
or retired, the amount of Debt under any revolving credit facility shall be computed based upon the average daily balance of such Debt
during such period; and

(3) in
the case of any acquisition or disposition of any asset or group of assets (including, without limitation, by merger, or stock or asset
purchase or sale) or the placement of any assets in service or removal of any assets from service by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
since the first day of such four-quarter period to the date of determination, the acquisition, disposition, placement in service or removal
from service and any related repayment or refinancing of Debt had occurred as of the first day of such period, with the appropriate adjustments
to Consolidated EBITDA and Interest Expense with respect to the acquisition, disposition, placement in service or removal from service
being included in that pro forma calculation.

Section 6.2 Maintenance
of Total Unencumbered Assets.

The Company and its Subsidiaries
shall maintain at all times Total Unencumbered Assets of not less than 150% of the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Unsecured
Debt.

Section 6.3 Merger,
Consolidation or Sale.

This Section 6.3 shall
replace Article V of the Base Indenture with respect to the Notes only.

21 

The Company and each of the
Guarantors may consolidate with or into, or sell, assign, convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of our or its respective
property and assets to, any other entity, provided that the following conditions are met:

(a) the
Company or such Guarantor, as the case may be, shall be the continuing entity, or the successor entity (if other than the Company or such
Guarantor, as the case may be) formed by or resulting from any merger or consolidation or which shall have received the sale, assignment,
conveyance, transfer or lease of property and assets shall be domiciled in the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia
and, in the case of the Company, shall expressly assume by supplemental indenture payment of the principal of and interest on all of the
notes and the due and punctual performance and observance of all of the covenants and conditions in the Indenture or, in the case of such
Guarantor, shall expressly assume by supplemental indenture the payment of all amounts due under such Guarantors Note Guarantee
and the due and punctual performance and observance of all of the covenants and conditions of such Guarantor in the Indenture; provided,
that the foregoing requirement will not apply in the case of a DOC Guarantor that has been disposed of in its entirety to another person
(other than to the Parent or an affiliate of the Parent), whether through a merger, consolidation or sale of capital stock or has sold,
assigned, conveyed, transferred;

(b) immediately
after giving effect to the transaction, no Event of Default under the Indenture, and no event which, after notice or the lapse of time,
or both, would become an Event of Default, shall have occurred and be continuing; and

(c) an
Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel covering these conditions shall be delivered to the Trustee.

In the event of any transaction
described in and complying with the conditions listed in this Section 6.3 in which neither the Company nor any Guarantor is the continuing
entity, the successor person formed or remaining shall succeed, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of the
Company or such Guarantor, as the case may be, and (except in the case of a lease) the Company or such Guarantor shall be discharged from
the Companys or such Guarantors obligations under the Notes and the Indenture.

Section 6.4 Provision
of Financial Information.

(a) For
as long as the Notes are outstanding, the Parent will deliver to the Trustee, within 15 days after the Parent is required to file the
same with the SEC, copies of the annual and quarterly reports and the information, documents and other reports (or copies of such portions
of any of the foregoing as the SEC may from time to time by rules and regulations prescribe) that the Parent may be required to file
with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; or, if the Parent is not required to file information,
documents or reports with the SEC pursuant to either Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Parent will file with the
Trustee and the SEC, in accordance with any other rules and regulations that may be prescribed from time to time by the SEC, such
annual and quarterly reports and supplementary and periodic information, documents and reports that may be required pursuant to Section 13
of the Exchange Act, in respect of a security listed and registered on a national securities exchange as may be prescribed from time to
time by the SEC in such rules and regulations.

22 

(b) In
addition to clause (a) above, for as long as the Notes are outstanding, if at any time the Parent is not subject to Section 13
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and the Parent is not providing annual and quarterly reports and supplementary and periodic information,
documents and reports to the SEC and the Trustee pursuant to the previous paragraph, the Parent will, at its option, either (i) post
on a publicly available website or (ii) post on IntraLinks or any comparable password protected online data system requiring user
identification and a confidentiality acknowledgement (a Confidential Datasite), within 15 days of the filing date
that would be applicable to a non-accelerated filer at that time pursuant to applicable SEC rules and regulations, the quarterly
and audited annual financial statements and accompanying disclosure described in Item 303 of Regulation S-K (managements
discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations) that would be required to be contained in annual reports
on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, respectively, required to be filed with the SEC if the Parent were subject
to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. If the Parent elects to furnish such reports via a Confidential
Datasite, access to the Confidential Datasite will be provided promptly upon request to Holders and beneficial owners of, and bona fide
potential investors in, the Notes as well as securities analysts and market makers and no such request for access to the Confidential
Datasite will be unreasonably denied.

(c) Any
such report, information or document that the Parent files with or furnishes to the SEC through the SECs EDGAR system (or any successor
thereto) will be deemed to be delivered to the Trustee at the time of such filing or furnishing through EDGAR for purposes of this Section 6.4.
Delivery of such reports, information and documents to the Trustee is for informational purposes only and the Trustees receipt
of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein,
including its compliance with any of its covenants under the Indenture relating to the Notes (as to which the Trustee is entitled to conclusively
rely on an Officers Certificate).

Article VII

DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES

Sections 7.1 and 7.2 hereof
shall replace Sections 6.1 and 6.2 of the Base Indenture with respect to the Notes only.

Section 7.1 Events
of Default.

Event of Default,
wherever used herein or in the Base Indenture with respect to the Notes, means any one of the following events (whatever the reason for
such Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment,
decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

(a) default
in the payment of any installment of interest when it becomes due under the Notes and continuance of such default for 30 days;

(b) default
in the payment of the principal amount at Stated Maturity or Redemption Price due with respect to the Notes, when the same becomes due
and payable; provided, however, that a valid extension of the Stated Maturity of the Notes in accordance with the terms of the Indenture
shall not constitute a default in the payment of principal;

(c) failure
by the Company to perform or breach of any other of its covenants or agreements in the Indenture (other than a covenant or agreement included
in the Indenture solely for the benefit of one or more series of debt securities other than the Notes) or in the Notes, continued for
60 days after written notice by the Trustee to the Company or by the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding
Notes to the Company and the Trustee as provided in the Indenture;

23 

(d) the
Company or any Guarantor pursuant to or under or within meaning of any Bankruptcy Law:

(i) commences
a voluntary case,

(ii) consents
to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case,

(iii) consents
to the appointment of a Custodian of it or for all or substantially all of its property,

(iv) makes
a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or

(v) generally
is unable to pay its debts as the same become due;

(e) a
court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that:

(i) is
for relief against the Company or any Guarantor in an involuntary case,

(ii) appoints
a Custodian of the Company, any Guarantor or for all or substantially all of the property of the Company or any Guarantor, or

(iii) orders
the liquidation of the Company or any Guarantor,

and the order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for 60 days;

(f) a
Guarantors Note Guarantee ceases to be in full force and effect (except as contemplated by the terms of the Indenture) or is declared
null and void in a judicial proceeding or a Guarantor denies or disaffirms its obligations under the Indenture or its Note Guarantee;
and

(g) if
any event of default as defined in any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there may be issued, or by which there may be secured
or evidenced, any Debt (including obligations under Capitalized Leases) of the Company (including an Event of Default with respect to
any Outstanding Securities of any series other than the Notes) in an aggregate amount in excess of $50,000,000, whether such Debt now
exists or shall hereafter be created, shall happen and shall result in such Debt becoming or being declared due and payable prior to the
date on which it would otherwise become due and payable, and such acceleration shall not have been rescinded or annulled within ten days
after there shall have been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by
the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes, a written notice specifying such event of default
and requiring the Company to cause such acceleration to be rescinded or annulled.

24 

The term Bankruptcy Law means title
11, U.S. Code or any similar Federal or State law for the relief of debtors.

Section 7.2 Acceleration
of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment.

If an Event of Default with
respect to the Notes occurs and is continuing (other than an Event of Default referred to in Sections 7.1(d) or (e), which shall
result in an automatic acceleration), then in every such case the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the
outstanding Notes may declare the principal amount of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all of the outstanding Notes to be due
and payable immediately, by a written notice thereof to the Company (and to the Trustee if given by Holders), and upon any such declaration
such principal amount (or specified amount) and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, shall become immediately due and payable. If an Event
of Default specified in Sections 7.1(d) or (e) shall occur, the principal amount (or specified amount) of and accrued and unpaid
interest, if any, on all outstanding Notes shall automatically become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other
act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder.

At any time after the principal
amount of and premium, if any, and interest on the Notes shall have been so declared due and payable, but before any judgment or decree
for the payment of the monies due shall have been obtained or entered as hereinafter provided, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal
amount of the Notes then outstanding on behalf of the Holders of all of the Notes then outstanding, by written notice to the Company and
to the Trustee, may, subject to the paragraph above, waive all Defaults or Events of Default and rescind and annul such declaration and
its consequences, subject in all respects to Section 6.13 of the Base Indenture, if: (a) the Company or any Guarantor has deposited
with the Trustee all required payments of the principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on, the Notes, plus the reasonable compensation
and reimbursement for the Trustees expenses, disbursements and advances pursuant to Section 7.7 of the Base Indenture; and
(b) all Events of Default, other than the non-payment of accelerated principal of (or specified portion thereof), or premium, if
any, and interest on, the Notes that have become due solely because of such acceleration, have been cured or waived. No such rescission
and annulment shall extend to or shall affect any subsequent Default or Event of Default, or shall impair any right consequent thereon.
The Company shall notify in writing a Responsible Officer of the Trustee, promptly upon becoming aware thereof, of any Event of Default,
as provided in Section 4.3 of the Base Indenture and the steps to be taken to cure such Event of Default.

Article VIII

AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS

Sections 8.1 and 8.2 hereof
shall replace Sections 9.1 and 9.2 of the Base Indenture with respect to the Notes only.

Section 8.1 Without
Consent of Holders.

The Company and the Guarantors,
in each case, when authorized by resolutions of the board of directors of the Parent, and the Trustee may, from time to time and at any
time, enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental without the consent of any Holder of the Notes hereto for one or more of the
following purposes:

(a) to
cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency in the Indenture; provided that this action shall not adversely affect the interests
of the Holders of the Notes in any material respect (as determined by the Company);

25 

(b) to
comply with Section 6.3;

(c) to
provide for uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Notes;

(d) to
evidence a successor to the Company as obligor or to any Guarantor as guarantor under the Indenture with respect to the Notes;

(e) to
surrender any of the Companys rights or powers under the Indenture;

(f) to
add covenants or events of default for the benefit of the Holders of any Notes;

(g) to
comply with the applicable procedures of the Depositary;

(h) to
make any change that does not adversely affect the interests of the Holders of any Notes then outstanding;

(i) to
provide for the issuance of Additional Notes in accordance with the limitations set forth in the Indenture;

(j) to
effect the appointment of a successor Trustee with respect to the Notes and to add to or change any of the provisions of the Indenture
to provide for or facilitate administration by more than one Trustee;

(k) to
comply with the requirements of the SEC in order to effect or maintain the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA;

(l) to
reflect the release of any Guarantor as guarantor, in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture;

(m) to
secure the Notes;

(n) to
add guarantors with respect to the Notes; or

(o) to
conform the text of the Indenture, any Note Guarantee or the Notes to any provision of the description thereof set forth in the Prospectus
to the extent that such provision in the Prospectus was intended to be a verbatim recitation of a provision of the Indenture, such Note
Guarantee or the Notes (as certified in an Officers Certificate).

Upon the written request of
the Company, accompanied by a copy of the resolutions of the board of directors of the Parent certified by the corresponding Secretary
or Assistant Secretary, authorizing the execution of any supplemental indenture, the Trustee is hereby authorized to join with the Company
and the Guarantors in the execution of any such supplemental indenture, to make any further appropriate agreements and stipulations that
may be therein contained and to accept the conveyance, transfer and assignment of any property thereunder, but the Trustee shall not be
obligated to, but may in its discretion, enter into any supplemental indenture that affects the Trustees own rights, duties or
immunities under the Indenture or otherwise.

26 

Any supplemental indenture
authorized by the provisions of this Section 8.1 may be executed by the Company, the Guarantors and the Trustee without the consent
of the Holders of any of the Notes at the time outstanding, notwithstanding any of the provisions of Section 8.2.

Section 8.2 With
Consent of Holders.

With the consent of the Holders
of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding, the Company, each Guarantor and the Trustee
may, from time to time and at any time, enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions
to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of the Indenture or any supplemental indenture or modifying in any manner
the rights of the Holders of the Notes; provided that no such supplemental indenture shall, without the consent of the Holder of
each Note so affected:

(a) reduce
the principal amount of the Notes whose Holders must consent to an amendment or waiver;

(b) reduce
the rate of or extend the time for payment of interest (including Defaulted Interest) on the Notes;

(c) reduce
the principal of, or premium, if any, on, or change the Stated Maturity of, the Notes;

(d) waive
a Default or Event of Default in the payment of the principal of, or premium, if any, or interest on, the Notes (except a rescission of
acceleration of the Notes by the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes and a waiver of the
payment default that resulted from such acceleration);

(e) make
the principal of, or premium, if any, or interest on, the Notes payable in any currency other than that stated in the Notes;

(f) make
any change in Section 6.8 of the Base Indenture, Section 6.13 of the Base Indenture or Section 8.2 of this Supplemental
Indenture;

(g) waive
a redemption payment with respect to the Notes; or

(h) release
any Guarantor as a guarantor of the Notes other than as provided in the Indenture or modify the Note Guarantee in any manner adverse to
the Holders of the Notes.

Upon the written request of
the Company, accompanied by a copy of the resolutions of the board of directors of the Parent certified by the corresponding Secretary
or Assistant Secretary, authorizing the execution of any such supplemental indenture, and upon the filing with the Trustee of evidence
of the consent of Holders as aforesaid, the Trustee shall join with the Company and the Guarantors in the execution of such supplemental
indenture unless such supplemental indenture affects the Trustees own rights, duties or immunities under the Indenture or otherwise,
in which case the Trustee may in its discretion, but shall not be obligated to, enter into such supplemental indenture.

27 

It shall not be necessary
for the consent of the Holders under this Section 8.2 to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental indenture, but
it shall be sufficient if such consent shall approve the substance thereof.

Section 8.3 Assumption
by Parent.

Without the consent of any
Holders of the Notes, the Parent, or a Subsidiary thereof, may directly assume, by an indenture supplemental to the Indenture, executed
and delivered to the Trustee the due and punctual payment of the principal of, any premium and interest on all the Notes and the performance
of every covenant of the Indenture on the part of the Company to be performed or observed. Upon any such assumption, the Parent or such
Subsidiary shall succeed the Company, and be substituted for and may exercise every right and power of the Company, under the Indenture
with the same effect as if the Parent or such Subsidiary had been the issuer of the Notes, and the Company shall be released from all
obligations and covenants with respect to the Notes. No such assumption shall be permitted unless the Parent has delivered to the Trustee
(i) an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such assumption and supplemental indenture comply
with Section 6.3 and this Section 8.3, and that all conditions precedent in the Indenture provided for relating to such transaction
have been complied with and that, in the event of assumption by a Subsidiary, the Note Guarantee and all other covenants of the Parent
in the Indenture remain in full force and effect and (ii) an opinion of independent counsel that the Holders of the Notes shall have
no materially adverse United States federal tax consequences as a result of such assumption, and that, if any Notes are then listed on
the New York Stock Exchange, that the Notes shall not be delisted as a result of such assumption.

Section 8.4 Trustee
Protected.

In executing or accepting
the additional trusts created by, any supplemental indenture permitted by this Article or the modification thereby of the trusts
created by the Indenture, the Trustee shall be entitled to receive, and shall be fully protected in relying upon, an Opinion of Counsel
or an Officers Certificate or both stating that the execution of such supplemental indenture is authorized or permitted by the
Indenture, that all conditions precedent to the execution of such supplemental indenture have been complied with, and that the supplemental
indenture is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company and each Guarantor, as applicable, enforceable against it in accordance
with its terms.

Article IX

MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF NOTES

Section 9.1 Purposes
for Which Meetings May Be Called.

A meeting of Holders may be
called at any time and from time to time pursuant to this Article IX to make, give or take any request, demand, authorization, direction,
notice, consent, waiver or other act provided by the Indenture to be made, given or taken by Holders.

28 

Section 9.2 Call,
Notice and Place of Meetings.

(a) The
Trustee may at any time call a meeting of Holders for any purpose specified in Section 9.1, to be held at such time and at such place
in The City of New York, New York as the Trustee shall determine. Notice of every meeting of Holders, setting forth the time and the place
of such meeting and in general terms the action proposed to be taken at such meeting, shall be given, in the manner provided in Section 10.2
of the Base Indenture, not less than 21 nor more than 180 days prior to the date fixed for the meeting.

(b) In
case at any time the Company, any Guarantor or the Holders of at least 10% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes shall have requested
the Trustee to call a meeting of the Holders for any purpose specified in Section 9.1, by written request setting forth in reasonable
detail the action proposed to be taken at the meeting, and the Trustee shall not have mailed notice of or made the first publication of
the notice of such meeting within 21 days after receipt of such request or shall not thereafter proceed to cause the meeting to be held
as provided herein, then the Company, such Guarantor, if applicable, or the Holders in the amount above specified, as the case may be,
may determine the time and the place in the City of New York, New York, for such meeting and may call such meeting for such purposes by
giving notice thereof as provided in clause (a) of this Section 9.2.

Section 9.3 Persons
Entitled to Vote at Meetings.

To be entitled to vote at
any meeting of Holders, a person shall be (a) a Holder of one or more outstanding Notes, or (b) a person appointed by an instrument
in writing as proxy for a Holder or Holders of one or more outstanding Notes by such Holder or Holders; provided, that none of
the Company, any other obligor upon the Notes or any Affiliate of the Company shall be entitled to vote at any meeting of Holders or be
counted for purposes of determining a quorum at any such meeting in respect of any Notes owned by such persons. The only persons who shall
be entitled to be present or to speak at any meeting of Holders shall be the persons entitled to vote at such meeting and their counsel,
any representatives of the Trustee and its counsel, any representatives of any Guarantor and its counsel and any representatives of the
Company and its counsel.

Section 9.4 Quorum;
Action.

The persons entitled to vote
a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes shall constitute a quorum for a meeting of Holders; provided, however,
that if any action is to be taken at the meeting with respect to a consent or waiver which may be given by the Holders of not less than
a specified percentage in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, the persons holding or representing the specified percentage in principal
amount of the outstanding Notes will constitute a quorum. In the absence of a quorum within 30 minutes after the time appointed for any
such meeting, the meeting shall, if convened at the request of Holders, be dissolved. In any other case the meeting may be adjourned for
a period of not less than 10 days as determined by the chairman of the meeting prior to the adjournment of such meeting. In the absence
of a quorum at any such adjourned meeting, such adjourned meeting may be further adjourned for a period of not less than 10 days as determined
by the chairman of the meeting prior to the adjournment of such adjourned meeting. Notice of the reconvening of any adjourned meeting
shall be given as provided in Section 9.2, except that such notice need be given only once not less than five days prior to the date
on which the meeting is scheduled to be reconvened. Notice of the reconvening of an adjourned meeting shall state expressly the percentage,
as provided above, of the principal amount of the outstanding Notes which shall constitute a quorum.

29 

Except as limited by the proviso
to Section 8.2, any resolution presented at a meeting or adjourned meeting duly reconvened at which a quorum is present as aforesaid
may be adopted only by the affirmative vote of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes; provided,
however, that, except as limited by the proviso to Section 8.2, any resolution with respect to any request, demand, authorization,
direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action which the Indenture expressly provides may be made, given or taken by the Holders of
a specified percentage, which is less than a majority, in principal amount of the outstanding Notes may be adopted at a meeting or an
adjourned meeting duly reconvened and at which a quorum is present as aforesaid by the affirmative vote of the Holders of such specified
percentage in principal amount of the outstanding Notes. Any such resolution passed or decision taken at any meeting of Holders duly held
in accordance with this Section 9.4 shall be binding on all the Holders, whether or not such Holders were present or represented
at the meeting.

Section 9.5 Determination
of Voting Rights; Conduct and Adjournment of Meetings.

(a) Notwithstanding
any other provisions of the Indenture, the Trustee may make such reasonable regulations as it may deem advisable for any meeting of Holders
in regard to proof of the holding of Notes and of the appointment of proxies and in regard to the appointment and duties of inspectors
of votes, the submission and examination of proxies, certificates and other evidence of the right to vote, and such other matters concerning
the conduct of the meeting as it shall deem appropriate.

(b) The
Trustee shall, by an instrument in writing, appoint a temporary chairman of the meeting, unless the meeting shall have been called by
the Company or by Holders as provided in Section 9.2(b), in which case the Company, the Guarantors or the Holders calling the meeting,
as the case may be, shall in like manner appoint a temporary chairman. A permanent chairman and a permanent secretary of the meeting shall
be elected by vote of the persons entitled to vote a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes of such series represented
at the meeting.

(c) At
any meeting, each Holder or proxy shall be entitled to one vote for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes held or represented by him;
provided, however, that no vote shall be cast or counted at any meeting in respect of any Note challenged as not outstanding
and ruled by the chairman of the meeting to be not outstanding. The chairman of the meeting shall have no right to vote, except as a Holder
or proxy.

(d) Any
meeting of Holders duly called pursuant to Section 9.2 at which a quorum is present may be adjourned from time to time by persons
entitled to vote a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes represented at the meeting; and the meeting may be held as so
adjourned without further notice.

30 

Section 9.6 Counting
Votes and Recording Action of Meetings.

The vote upon any resolution
submitted to any meeting of Holders shall be by written ballots on which shall be subscribed the signatures of the Holders or of their
representatives by proxy and the principal amounts and serial numbers of the outstanding Notes held or represented by them. The permanent
chairman of the meeting shall appoint two inspectors of votes who shall count all votes cast at the meeting for or against any resolution
and who shall make and file with the secretary of the meeting their verified written reports in triplicate of all votes cast at the meeting.
A record, at least in triplicate, of the proceedings of each meeting of Holders shall be prepared by the secretary of the meeting and
there shall be attached to said record the original reports of the inspectors of votes on any vote by ballot taken thereat and affidavits
by one or more persons having knowledge of the facts setting forth a copy of the notice of the meeting and showing that said notice was
given as provided in Section 9.2 and, if applicable, Section 9.4. Each copy shall be signed and verified by the affidavits of
the permanent chairman and secretary of the meeting and one such copy shall be delivered to the Company and the Guarantors, and another
to the Trustee to be preserved by the Trustee, the latter to have attached thereto the ballots voted at the meeting. Any record so signed
and verified shall be conclusive evidence of the matters therein stated.

Article X

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 10.1 Evidence
of Compliance with Conditions Precedent, Certificates to Trustee.

This Section 10.1 shall
replace Sections 10.4 and 10.5 of the Base Indenture with respect to the Notes only.

Upon
any application or demand by the Company to the Trustee to take any action under any of the provisions of the Indenture (other
than the initial authentication of the Notes under this Supplemental Indenture), the Company shall furnish to the Trustee an Officers
Certificate stating that all covenants and conditions precedent, if any, provided for in the Indenture relating to the proposed action
have been complied with, and an Opinion of Counsel stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, all such covenants and conditions precedent
have been complied with. The Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel provided for in the Indenture and delivered to the Trustee
with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in the Indenture shall include: (1) a statement that the person
making such Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel has read such covenant or condition; (2) a brief statement as to the
nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statement or opinion contained in such Officers Certificate
or Opinion of Counsel is based; (3) a statement that, in the opinion of such person, such person has made such examination or investigation
as is necessary to enable such person to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied
with; and (4) a statement as to whether or not, in the opinion of such person, such condition or covenant has been complied with;
provided, however, that with respect to matters of fact an Opinion of Counsel may rely on an Officers Certificate
or certificates of public officials.

Section 10.2 No
Recourse Against Others.

This Section 10.2 shall
replace Section 10.8 of the Base Indenture with respect to the Notes only.

31 

Except as otherwise expressly
provided in Article V of this Supplemental Indenture, no recourse for the payment of the principal of (including the Redemption Price
upon redemption pursuant to Article IV) or premium, if any, or interest on any Note or for any claim based thereon or otherwise in
respect thereof, and no recourse under or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Company in this Supplemental Indenture or
in any Note, or because of the creation of any indebtedness represented thereby, shall be had against any incorporator, stockholder, partner,
member, manager, employee, agent, officer, director or subsidiary, as such, past, present or future, of any Guarantor, the Company or
any of the Companys Subsidiaries or of any successor thereto, either directly or through such Guarantor, the Company or any of
the Companys Subsidiaries or any successor thereto, whether by virtue of any constitution, statute or rule of law, or by the
enforcement of any assessment or penalty or otherwise; it being expressly understood that all such liability is hereby expressly waived
and released as a condition of, and as a consideration for, the execution of this Supplemental Indenture and the issue of the Notes.

Section 10.3 Trust
Indenture Act Controls.

If any provision of this Supplemental
Indenture limits, qualifies, or conflicts with another provision which is required or deemed to be included in this Supplemental Indenture
by the TIA, such required or deemed provision shall control.

Section 10.4 Governing
Law.

THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE
AND THE NOTES, INCLUDING ANY CLAIM OR CONTROVERSY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE BASE INDENTURE, SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE OR THE
NOTES, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

Section 10.5 Counterparts.

This Supplemental Indenture
may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall
be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. The exchange of copies of this
Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery
of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture for all purposes.
The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Supplemental Indenture
shall include images of manually executed signatures transmitted by facsimile, email or other electronic format (including, without limitation,
pdf, tif or jpg) and other electronic signatures (including without limitation, DocuSign and
AdobeSign). The use of electronic signatures and electronic records (including, without limitation, any contract or other record created,
generated, sent, communicated, received, or stored by electronic means) shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability
as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based record-keeping system to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, including
the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act and any
other applicable law, including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the Uniform Commercial
Code. Without limitation to the foregoing, and anything in this Supplemental Indenture to the contrary notwithstanding, (a) any Officers
Certificate, Company Order, Opinion of Counsel, Note, Note Guarantee, instrument, agreement or other document delivered pursuant to this
Supplemental Indenture may be executed, attested and transmitted by any of the foregoing electronic means and formats, (b) all references
in Section 2.3 of the Base Indenture, Section 5.3 of this Supplemental Indenture or elsewhere in the Indenture to the execution
or attestation of any Note, any Note Guarantee endorsed on any Note by means of a manual or facsimile signature shall be deemed to include
signatures that are made or transmitted by any of the foregoing electronic means or formats, and (c) any requirement in this Indenture
that any signature be made under a corporate seal (or facsimile thereof) shall not be applicable to the Notes or any Note Guarantees.
The Company agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of using digital signatures and electronic methods to submit this Supplemental
Indenture or any document to be signed in connection with the Indenture to the Trustee, including, without limitation, the risk of the
Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions and the risk of interpretation and misuse by third parties.

32 

This Supplemental Indenture
shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party only when executed and delivered by an authorized individual on behalf of the
party by means of (i) any electronic signature permitted by the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act,
state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including relevant provisions
of the Uniform Commercial Code/UCC (collectively, Signature Law); (ii) an original manual signature; or (iii) a
faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature. Each electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature shall for
all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall
be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature,
or other electronic signature, of any party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity
thereof. This Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but
such counterparts shall, together, constitute one and the same instrument. For avoidance of doubt, original manual signatures shall be
used for execution or indorsement of writings when required under the UCC or other Signature Law due to the character or intended character
of the writings.

Section 10.6 Successors.

All agreements of the Company
and each Guarantor in this Supplemental Indenture and the Notes shall bind their respective successors.

All agreements of the Trustee
in this Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successor.

Section 10.7 Severability.

In case any provision in this
Supplemental Indenture or in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining
provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

Section 10.8 Table
of Contents, Headings, Etc.

The Table of Contents and
headings of the Articles and Sections of this Supplemental Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to
be considered a part hereof, and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.

33 

Section 10.9 Ratifications.

The Base Indenture, as supplemented
and amended by this Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed. The Indenture shall be read, taken and construed
as one and the same instrument. All provisions included in this Supplemental Indenture with respect to the Notes supersede any conflicting
provisions included in the Base Indenture unless not permitted by law. The Trustee accepts the trusts created by the Indenture, and agrees
to perform the same upon the terms and conditions of the Indenture.

Section 10.10 Effectiveness.

The provisions of this Supplemental
Indenture shall become effective as of the date hereof.

Section 10.11 The
Trustee.

The Trustee accepts the trusts
created by the Indenture, and agrees to perform the same upon the terms and conditions of the Indenture. The Trustee shall not be responsible
in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or the due execution thereof
by the Company. The recitals contained herein shall be taken as the statements solely of the Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility
for the correctness thereof. If and when the Trustee shall be or become a creditor of the Company (or any other obligor upon the Notes),
excluding any creditor relationship listed in TIA Section 311(b), the Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of the TIA regarding
the collection of the claims against the Company (or any such other obligor). If the Trustee has or shall acquire a conflicting interest
within the meaning of the TIA, the Trustee shall either eliminate such interest or resign, to the extent and in the manner provided by,
and subject to the provisions of, the TIA and the Indenture.

34 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed by their respective officers hereunto duly authorized, all as of the
day and year first written above.

HEALTHPEAK OP, LLC,

as the Company

By: Healthpeak Properties, Inc.

Its managing member

By: /s/ Peter A. Scott

Name: Peter A. Scott

Title: Chief Financial Officer

HEALTHPEAK PROPERTIES INC.,

as a Guarantor

By: /s/ Peter A. Scott

Name: Peter A. Scott

Title: Chief Financial Officer

DOC DR, LLC

as a Guarantor

By: DOC DR Holdco, LLC, as its Managing Member

By: Healthpeak OP, LLC, its Sole Member

By: Healthpeak Properties, Inc.,

its Managing Member

By: /s/ Peter A. Scott

Name: Peter A. Scott

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to First Supplemental Indenture]

DOC DR HOLDCO, LLC,

as a Guarantor

By: Healthpeak OP, LLC, its Sole Member

By: Healthpeak Properties, Inc.,

its Managing Member

By: /s/ Peter A. Scott 

Name: Peter A. Scott

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to First Supplemental Indenture]

U.S. Bank
Trust Company, National Association,

as the Trustee

By: /s/ Bradley E. Scarbrough

Name: Bradley E. Scarbrough

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to First Supplemental Indenture]

EXHIBIT A

HEALTHPEAK
OP, LLC

THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL NOTE WITHIN THE MEANING
OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE DEPOSITARY (AS DEFINED IN THE SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE GOVERNING
THIS NOTE) OR A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY, WHICH SHALL BE TREATED BY THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE AND ANY AGENT THEREOF AS OWNER AND HOLDER
OF THIS SECURITY FOR ALL PURPOSES. UNLESS THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY,
A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC) TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY GLOBAL
NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF
DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT HEREON IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF
DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL SINCE THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF,
CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. THIS SECURITY IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN
THE DEPOSITARY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE, AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS
A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY, BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY
OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY.

HEALTHPEAK
OP, LLC

5.375%
Senior Notes due 2035

Certificate No. [ ]

CUSIP No.: 42250GAA1

ISIN: US42250GAA13

$[ ]

Healthpeak OP, LLC, a Maryland limited liability
company (herein called the Company, which term includes any successor corporation under the Indenture referred to
on the reverse hereof), for value received hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or its registered assigns, the principal sum
of [ ] MILLION DOLLARS ($[ ])[, or such lesser amount as is set forth in the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note on
the other side of this Note,] on February 15, 2035 at the office or agency of the Company maintained for that purpose in accordance
with the terms of the Indenture, in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment shall be legal tender
for the payment of public and private debts, and to pay interest semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each
year, commencing on August 15, 2025, to the Holder in whose name the Note is registered in the security register on the preceding
February 1 or August 1, whether or not a Business Day, as the case may be, in accordance with the terms of the Indenture. Interest
on the Notes will accrue from February 14, 2025. Interest on the Notes will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting
of twelve 30-day months. The Company shall pay interest on any Notes in certificated form by check mailed to the address of the Holder
entitled thereto; provided, however, that a Holder of any Notes in certificated form in the aggregate principal amount of
more than $2,000,000 may specify by written notice to the Company that it pay interest by wire transfer of immediately available funds
to the account specified by the Holder in such notice, or on any Global Notes by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account
of the Depositary or its nominee. This Note shall not be valid or become obligatory for any purpose until the certificate of authentication
hereon shall have been signed manually by the Trustee or a duly authorized authenticating agent under the Indenture.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Note to be duly executed.

Dated: [ ], 20[ ]

HEALTHPEAK OP, LLC

By: Healthpeak Properties, Inc.,

Its managing member

By: 

Name:

Title:

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Notes described in the within-named Indenture.

Dated: [ ], 20[ ]

U.S. Bank
Trust Company, National Association,

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

[FORM OF
REVERSE SIDE OF NOTE]

HEALTHPEAK
OP, LLC

5.375%
Senior Notes due 2035

This Note is one of a duly
authorized issue of Securities of the Company, designated as its 5.375% Senior Notes due 2035 (herein called the Notes),
issued under and pursuant to an Indenture dated as of February 14, 2025 (herein called the Base Indenture),
among the Company, the Guarantors and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (herein called the Trustee),
as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 14, 2025 (herein called the Supplemental Indenture,
and together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto
reference is hereby made for a description of the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities thereunder of the
Trustee, the Company, the Guarantors and the Holders of the Notes. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Note shall
have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the Indenture.

If an Event of Default (other
than an Event of Default specified in Sections 7.1(d) and 7.1(e) of the Supplemental Indenture with respect to the Company or
any Guarantor) occurs and is continuing, the principal of, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest on all Notes may be declared
to be due and payable by either the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding,
and, upon said declaration the same shall be immediately due and payable. If an Event of Default specified in Sections 7.1(d) and
7.1(e) of the Supplemental Indenture occurs, the principal of and premium, if any, and interest accrued and unpaid on all the Notes
shall be immediately and automatically due and payable without necessity of further action.

The Indenture contains provisions
permitting the Company, the Guarantors and the Trustee, with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal
amount of the Notes at the time outstanding, to execute supplemental indentures adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or
eliminating any of the provisions of the Indenture or of any supplemental indenture or modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders
of the Notes, subject to exceptions set forth in Section 8.2 of the Supplemental Indenture. Subject to the provisions of the Indenture,
the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding may, on behalf of the Holders of all of the
Notes, waive any past default or Event of Default, subject to exceptions set forth in the Indenture.

No reference herein to the
Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall impair, as among the Company and the Holder of the Notes, the obligation
of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on this Note at the place,
at the respective times, at the rate and in the coin or currency prescribed herein and in the Indenture.

Interest on the Notes shall
be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months.

The Notes are issuable in
fully registered form, without coupons, in minimum denominations of $2,000 principal amount and any multiple of $1,000. At the office
or agency of the Company referred to on the face hereof, and in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the Indenture, without
payment of any service charge but with payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that may
be imposed in connection with any registration or exchange of Notes, Notes may be exchanged for a like aggregate principal amount of Notes
of any other authorized denominations.

The Company shall have the
right to redeem the Notes under certain circumstances as set forth in Section 4.1, Section 4.2 and Section 4.3 of the Supplemental
Indenture.

The Notes are not subject
to redemption through the operation of any sinking fund.

The obligations of each Guarantor
to the Holders of the Notes and to the Trustee pursuant to the Note Guarantee and the Indenture are expressly set forth in Article V
of the Supplemental Indenture and reference is hereby made to such Indenture for the precise terms of the Note Guarantee.

Except as expressly provided
in Article V of the Supplemental Indenture, no recourse for the payment of the principal of (including the Redemption Price (as defined
in Section 4.1 of the Supplemental Indenture) upon redemption pursuant to Article IV of the Supplemental Indenture) or any premium,
if any, or interest on this Note, or for any claim based hereon or otherwise in respect hereof, and no recourse under or upon any obligation,
covenant or agreement of the Company in the Indenture or in any Note, or because of the creation of any indebtedness represented thereby,
shall be had against any incorporator, stockholder, partner, member, manager, employee, agent, officer, director or subsidiary, as such,
past, present or future, of any Guarantor, the Company or any of the Companys Subsidiaries or of any successor thereto, either
directly or through such Guarantor, the Company or any of the Companys subsidiaries or of any successor thereto, whether by virtue
of any constitution, statute or rule of law, or by the enforcement of any assessment or penalty or otherwise; it being expressly
understood that all such liability is hereby expressly waived and released as a condition of, and as consideration for, the execution
of the Indenture and the issue of this Note.

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

To assign this Note, fill in the form below:

(I) or (we) assign and transfer this Note to: 

(Insert assignees legal name)

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D.
no.)

(Print or type assignees name, address and
zip code)

and irrevocably appoint 

to transfer this Note on the books of the Company. The agent may substitute another to act for him.

Date: 

Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face
of this Note)

Signature Guarantee*: 

* Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program
(or other signature guarantor acceptable to the Trustee).

SCHEDULE
OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN THE GLOBAL NOTE *

The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for an interest
in another Global Note or for a Definitive Note, or exchanges of a part of another Global Note or Definitive Note for an interest in this
Global Note, have been made:

Date of Exchange 

Amount of

decrease in

principal amount

at maturity of

this Global Note 

Amount of

increase in

principal amount

at maturity of

this Global Note 

Principal amount

at maturity of

this Global Note

following such

decrease

(or increase) 

Signature of

authorized

officer of

Trustee or

Custodian 

* This Schedule should be included only if the Note is issued in global form.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm255424d9_ex5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

February 14, 2025

Healthpeak Properties, Inc.

Healthpeak OP, LLC

DOC DR Holdco, LLC

DOC DR, LLC

4600 South Syracuse Street

Suite 500

Denver, Colorado 80237

Re: Healthpeak Properties, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company), and Healthpeak OP,
LLC, a Maryland limited liability company of which the Company is the managing member (the Operating Company) - Sale of $500,000,000
aggregate principal amount of 5.375% Senior Notes Due 2035 of the Operating Company (the Notes) pursuant to a Registration
Statement on Form S-3 (Registration Nos. 333-276954, 333-276954-01, 333-276954-02 and 333-276954-03) filed by the Company, the Operating Company, DOC DR Holdco,
LLC, a Maryland limited liability company of which the Operating Company is the sole member (DOC DR Holdco), and DOC DR, LLC, a Maryland
limited liability company of which DOC DR Holdco is the managing member (DOC DR), with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
on February 8, 2024, as amended by Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 filed with the Commission on February 5, 2025 (the Registration Statement),
which Notes will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company, DOC DR Holdco and DOC DR

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as Maryland corporate counsel to
the Company and Maryland limited liability company counsel to the Operating Company, DOC DR Holdco and DOC DR in connection with the registration
of the Notes under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), under the Registration Statement. You have requested
our opinion with respect to the matters set forth below.

In our capacity as Maryland corporate counsel
to the Company and Maryland limited liability company counsel to the Operating Company, DOC DR Holdco and DOC DR, and for the purposes
of this opinion, we have examined originals, or copies certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of the following documents
(collectively, the Documents):

1. the corporate charter of the Company (the Charter), consisting of Articles of Incorporation
filed with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland (the Department) on December 13, 2022, Articles
of Amendment and Restatement filed with the Department on February 9, 2023, Articles of Amendment filed with the Department on February 9,
2023 and Articles of Amendment filed with the Department on February 29, 2024;

BALLARD SPAHR LLP

Healthpeak Properties, Inc.

Healthpeak OP, LLC

DOC DR Holdco, LLC

DOC DR, LLC

February 14, 2025

Page 2

2. the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, dated as of February 10, 2023, as amended (the Bylaws);

3. the Articles of Conversion of Healthpeak Properties Interim, Inc. (formerly known as Healthpeak Properties, Inc.)
filed with the Department on February 9, 2023, and the Articles of Organization of the Operating Company filed with the Department
on February 9, 2023 (the Operating Company Articles of Organization);

4. the Operating Agreement of the Operating Company, dated as of February 10, 2023 (the Operating
Company Operating Agreement);

5. the Articles of Organization of DOC DR Holdco filed with the Department on October 26, 2023, the
Articles of Amendment filed with the Department on December 22, 2023 and the Articles of Merger filed with the Department on February 29,
2024 to which are attached the Amended and Restated Articles of Organization of DOC DR Holdco (the DOC DR Holdco Articles of Organization);

6. the Operating Agreement of DOC DR Holdco, dated as of October 26, 2023, as amended by the First Amendment
to Operating Agreement of DOC DR Holdco, dated as of December 22, 2023, as amended and restated by the Amended and Restated Operating
Agreement of DOC DR Holdco effective as of March 1, 2024, as further amended and restated by the Second Amended and Restated Operating
Agreement of DOC DR Holdco executed as of November 22, 2024 (the DOC DR Holdco Operating Agreement);

7. the Articles of Organization of DOC DR filed with the Department on October 26, 2023, the Articles
of Amendment of DOC DR filed with the Department on December 22, 2023 and the Articles of Merger filed with the Department on February 29,
2024 (the DOC DR Articles of Organization);

8. the Operating Agreement of DOC DR, dated as of October 26, 2023, as amended by the First Amendment
to Operating Agreement of DOC DR, dated as of December 22, 2023, as amended and restated by the Amended and Restated Operating Agreement
of DOC DR effective as of March 1, 2024 (the DOC DR Operating Agreement);

9. resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company, or a duly authorized committee thereof,
on or as of February 1, 2024, January 29, 2025 and February 5, 2025, which, among other things, authorized the issuance
of the Notes (collectively, the Directors Resolutions);

10. the written consent of the managing member of the Operating Company, the sole member of DOC DR Holdco
and the managing member of DOC DR, dated as of February 14, 2025 (the Written Consent);

BALLARD SPAHR LLP

Healthpeak Properties, Inc.

Healthpeak OP, LLC

DOC DR Holdco, LLC

DOC DR, LLC

February 14, 2025

Page 3

11. the Indenture, dated as of February 14, 2025 (the Base Indenture), by and among the Company,
the Operating Company, DOC DR Holdco, DOC DR and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (the Trustee), as supplemented
by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 14, 2025 (the First Supplemental Indenture, and together with
the Base Indenture, collectively, the Indenture), by and among the Company, the Operating Company, DOC DR Holdco, DOC DR and
the Trustee, pursuant to Article V of which each of the Company, DOC DR Holdco and DOC DR will provide a full and unconditional guarantee
with respect to the Notes (the Guarantees);

12. a copy of the fully executed global note, dated as of February 14, 2025, representing the Notes and
registered in the name of Cede & Co., the nominee of The Depository Trust Company;

13. a certificate of Peter A. Scott, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, and Jeffrey H. Miller, the
General Counsel of the Company, dated as of February 14, 2025 (the Officers Certificate), to the effect that, among
other things, the copies of the Charter, the Bylaws, the Operating Company Articles of Organization, the Operating Company Operating Agreement,
the DOC DR Holdco Articles of Organization, the DOC DR Holdco Operating Agreement, the DOC DR Articles of Organization, the DOC DR Operating
Agreement, the Directors Resolutions and the Written Consent are true, correct and complete, have not been rescinded or modified and
are in full force and effect on the date of the Officers Certificate, and certifying as to the form, execution and delivery of the Indenture;

14. the Registration Statement and the related base prospectus and prospectus supplement included therein,
in substantially the form filed or to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the Act;

15. a status certificate of the Department, dated as of a recent date, to the effect that the Company is duly
incorporated and existing under the laws of the State of Maryland;

16. status certificates of the Department, dated as of a recent date, to the effect that each of the Operating
Company, DOC DR Holdco and DOC DR is duly formed and existing under the laws of the State of Maryland and is duly authorized to transact
business in the State of Maryland; and

17. such other laws, records, documents, certificates, opinions and instruments as we have deemed necessary
to render this opinion, subject to the limitations, assumptions and qualifications noted below.

BALLARD SPAHR LLP

Healthpeak Properties, Inc.

Healthpeak OP, LLC

DOC DR Holdco, LLC

DOC DR, LLC

February 14, 2025

Page 4

In reaching the opinions set forth below, we have
assumed the following:

(a) each person executing any instrument, document or agreement on behalf of any party (other than the Company,
the Operating Company, DOC DR Holdco and DOC DR) is duly authorized to do so;

(b) each natural person executing any instrument, document or agreement is legally competent to do so;

(c) all Documents submitted to us as originals are authentic; the form and content of all Documents submitted
to us as unexecuted drafts do not, and will not, differ in any respect relevant to this opinion from the form and content of such documents
as executed and delivered; all Documents submitted to us as certified or photostatic copies conform to the original documents; all signatures
on all Documents are genuine; all public records reviewed or relied upon by us or on our behalf are true and complete; all representations,
warranties, statements and information contained in the Documents are true and complete; there has been no modification of, or amendment
to, any of the Documents, and there has been no waiver of any provision of any of the Documents by action or omission of the parties or
otherwise;

(d) all certificates submitted to us, including but not limited to the Officers Certificate, are true, correct
and complete both when made and as of the date hereof;

(e) consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Guarantees will result in receipt by DOC DR Holdco
and DOC DR of good and valuable consideration, and such transactions are fair and reasonable to DOC DR Holdco and DOC DR; and

(f) the Indenture will remain in full force and effect for so long as the Notes are outstanding.

Based on the foregoing, and subject to the assumptions
and qualifications set forth herein, it is our opinion that, as of the date of this letter:

(i) Each of the Operating Company, DOC DR Holdco and DOC DR has been duly formed and is validly existing as
a limited liability company in good standing under the laws of the State of Maryland. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly
existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Maryland.

(ii) The Operating Company has the limited liability company power to create the obligation evidenced by the
Notes. The Company has the corporate power, and each of DOC DR Holdco and DOC DR has the limited liability company power, to create the
obligation evidenced by the Guarantees.

BALLARD SPAHR LLP

Healthpeak Properties, Inc.

Healthpeak OP, LLC

DOC DR Holdco, LLC

DOC DR, LLC

February 14, 2025

Page 5

(iii) The Notes have been duly authorized for issuance by the Operating Company.

(iv) The guarantee of the Notes pursuant to the Indenture, and the execution and delivery of the Indenture
(which includes the Guarantees), in each case by the Company, DOC DR Holdco and DOC DR, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
action on the part of the Company and by all necessary limited liability company action on the part of DOC DR Holdco and DOC DR. The Indenture
(which includes the Guarantees) has been duly executed and delivered by the Company, DOC DR Holdco and DOC DR.

The foregoing opinion is limited to the substantive
laws of the State of Maryland, and we do not express any opinion herein concerning any other law. We express no opinion as to the applicability
or effect of any federal or state securities laws, including the securities laws of the State of Maryland, or as to federal or state laws
regarding fraudulent transfers. To the extent that any matter as to which our opinion is expressed herein would be governed by the laws
of any jurisdiction other than the State of Maryland, we do not express any opinion on such matter.

This opinion letter is issued as of the date hereof
and is necessarily limited to laws now in effect and facts and circumstances presently existing and brought to our attention. We assume
no obligation to supplement this opinion letter if any applicable laws change after the date hereof, or if we become aware of any facts
or circumstances that now exist or that occur or arise in the future and may change the opinions expressed herein after the date hereof.

We consent to the incorporation by reference of
this opinion in the Registration Statement and further consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the applications to securities
commissioners for the various states of the United States for registration of the Notes. We also consent to the identification of our
firm in the section of the Registration Statement entitled Legal Matters. In giving this consent, we do not admit that we
are within the category of persons whose consent is required by Section 7 of the Act.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Ballard Spahr LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm255424d9_ex5-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.2

10250 Constellation Blvd., Suite 1100

Los Angeles, California 90067

Tel: +1.424.653.5500 Fax: +1.424.653.5501

www.lw.com

FIRM / AFFILIATE OFFICES

Austin Milan

Beijing Munich

Boston New York

Brussels Orange County

February 14, 2025 Century City Paris

Chicago Riyadh

Dubai San Diego

Dsseldorf San Francisco

Frankfurt Seoul

Healthpeak Properties, Inc. Hamburg Silicon Valley

Healthpeak OP, LLC Hong Kong Singapore

DOC DR Holdco, LLC Houston Tel Aviv

DOC DR, LLC London Tokyo

4600 South Syracuse Street, Suite 500 Los Angeles Washington, D.C.

Denver, Colorado 80237 Madrid 

Re: Registration Statement on Form S-3 and Prospectus Supplement;
$500,000,000 Aggregate Principal Amount of Healthpeak OP, LLCs 5.375% Senior Unsecured Notes due 2035

To the addressees set forth above:

We have acted as special counsel to Healthpeak
Properties, Inc., a Maryland corporation (Healthpeak), Healthpeak OP, LLC, a Maryland limited liability
company (the Operating Company), DOC DR Holdco, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company (DOC
DR Holdco), and DOC DR, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company (DOC DR and, together with
Healthpeak and DOC DR Holdco, the Guarantors), in connection with the issuance of $500,000,000 aggregate
principal amount of the Operating Companys 5.375% Senior Unsecured Notes due 2035 (the Notes) and
the guarantees of the Notes (the Guarantees) by the Guarantors, under an Indenture, dated as of the date
hereof (the Base Indenture), among the Operating Company, the Guarantors and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of the
date hereof, among the Operating Company, the Guarantors and the Trustee (the Supplemental Indenture and,
together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), and pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Commission) by the Operating Company and the Guarantors on February 8, 2024 (Registration Nos.
333-276954, 333-276954-01, 333-276954-02 and 333-276954-03) (as so filed and as amended, the Registration Statement),
a base prospectus dated February 5, 2025, included as part of the Registration Statement (the Base Prospectus),
a preliminary prospectus supplement dated February 5, 2025 filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the
Act, a prospectus supplement dated February 5, 2025 filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Act (together
with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus), and an underwriting agreement dated February 5, 2025 (the
Underwriting Agreement), among the Operating Company, the Guarantors and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, BNP
Paribas Securities Corp., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, PNC Capital Markets LLC and TD Securities (USA) LLC, as representatives of
the several Underwriters named therein. This opinion is being furnished in connection with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of
Regulation S-K under the Act, and no opinion is expressed herein as to any matter pertaining to the contents of the Registration Statement
or Prospectus, other than as expressly stated herein with respect to the issue of the Notes and the Guarantees.

February 14, 2025

Page 2

As such counsel, we have examined such matters
of fact and questions of law as we have considered appropriate for purposes of this letter. With your consent, we have relied upon certificates
and other assurances of officers of the Operating Company, the Guarantors and others as to factual matters without having independently
verified such factual matters. We are opining herein as to the internal laws of the State of New York, and we express no opinion with
respect to the applicability thereto, or the effect thereon, of the laws of any other jurisdiction or as to any matters of municipal
law or the laws of any local agencies within any state. Various issues concerning Maryland law are addressed in the opinion of Ballard
Spahr LLP, which has been separately provided to you. We express no opinion with respect to those matters herein, and to the extent elements
of those opinions are necessary to the conclusions expressed herein, we have, with your consent, assumed such matters.

Subject to the foregoing and the other matters
set forth herein, it is our opinion that, as of the date hereof, when the Notes have been duly executed, issued and authenticated in
accordance with the terms of the Indenture and delivered against payment therefor in the circumstances contemplated by the Underwriting
Agreement, the Notes and the Guarantees will be legally valid and binding obligations of the Operating Company and the Guarantors, respectively,
enforceable against the Operating Company and the Guarantors in accordance with their respective terms.

Our opinion is subject to: (i) the effect
of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, preference, fraudulent transfer, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting
the rights and remedies of creditors; (ii) (a) the effect of general principles of equity, whether considered in a proceeding
in equity or at law (including the possible unavailability of specific performance or injunctive relief), (b) concepts of materiality,
reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing, and (c) the discretion of the court before which a proceeding is brought; and (iii) the
invalidity under certain circumstances under law or court decisions of provisions providing for the indemnification of or contribution
to a party with respect to a liability where such indemnification or contribution is contrary to public policy.

We express no opinion as to (i) consents
to, or restrictions upon, governing law, jurisdiction, venue, service of process, arbitration, remedies or judicial relief; (ii) advance
waivers of claims, defenses, rights granted by law, or notice, opportunity for hearing, evidentiary requirements, statutes of limitation,
trial by jury or at law, or other procedural rights; (iii) waivers of rights or defenses contained in Section 4.4 of the Base
Indenture and Section 5.1(b) of the Supplemental Indenture (except, with respect to Section 5.1(b) of the Supplemental
Indenture, to the extent such waiver is limited to the fullest extent that the Guarantors may do so under applicable law) and waivers
of broadly or vaguely stated rights; (iv) covenants not to compete; (v) provisions for exclusivity, election or cumulation
of rights or remedies; (vi) provisions authorizing or validating conclusive or discretionary determinations; (vii) grants of
setoff rights; (viii) provisions to the effect that a guarantor is liable as a primary obligor and not as a surety, provisions pursuant
to which any guarantor purports to guaranty its own primary obligations, and provisions purporting to waive modifications of any guaranteed
obligation to the extent such modification constitutes a novation; (ix) provisions for the payment of attorneys fees where
such payment is contrary to law or public policy; (x) proxies, powers and trusts; (xi) provisions prohibiting, restricting,
or requiring consent to assignment or transfer of any agreement, right or property; (xii) provisions for liquidated damages, default
interest, late charges, monetary penalties, prepayment or make-whole premiums or other economic remedies to the extent such provisions
are deemed to constitute a penalty; (xiii) provisions permitting, upon acceleration of any indebtedness (including the Notes), collection
of that portion of the stated principal amount thereof which might be determined to constitute unearned interest thereon; and (xiv) the
severability, if invalid, of provisions to the foregoing effect.

February 14, 2025

Page 3

We express no opinion or confirmation as to federal
or state securities laws, tax laws (except as set forth in our letter to you of even date with respect to certain tax matters), antitrust
or trade regulation laws, insolvency or fraudulent transfer laws, antifraud laws, compliance with fiduciary duty requirements, pension
or employee benefit laws, usury laws, environmental laws, margin regulations, laws and regulations relating to commodities trading, futures
and swaps, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. rules, National Futures Association rules, the rules of any stock
exchange, clearing organization, designated contract market or other regulated entity for trading, processing, clearing or reporting
transactions in securities, commodities, futures or swaps, or export control, anti-money laundering, and anti-terrorism laws (without
limiting other laws or rules excluded by customary practice).

With your consent, we have assumed (a) that
the Indenture, the Notes and the Guarantees (collectively, the Documents) have been duly authorized, executed
and delivered by the parties thereto, (b) that the Documents constitute legally valid and binding obligations of the parties thereto,
enforceable against each of them in accordance with their respective terms, and (c) that the status of the Documents as legally
valid and binding obligations of the parties is not affected by any (i) breaches of, or defaults under, agreements or instruments,
(ii) violations of statutes, rules, regulations or court or governmental orders or (iii) failures to obtain required consents,
approvals or authorizations from, or make required registrations, declarations or filings with, governmental authorities.

This opinion is for your benefit in connection
with the Registration Statement and may be relied upon by you and by persons entitled to rely upon it pursuant to the applicable provisions
of the Act. We consent to your filing this opinion as an exhibit to Healthpeaks Form 8-K dated February 14, 2025 and
to the reference to our firm contained in the Prospectus under the heading Legal Matters. In giving such consent, we do
not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Act or the rules and
regulations of the Commission thereunder.

Sincerely,

/s/ Latham & Watkins LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>hcp-20250214.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>hcp-20250214_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>hcp-20250214_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm255424d9_ex5-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tm255424d9_ex5-2img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>tm255424d9_ex5-2img003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 14, 2025

Entity File Number 001-08895

Entity Registrant Name Healthpeak
Properties, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000765880

Entity Tax Identification Number 33-0091377

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity Address, Address Line One 4600 South Syracuse Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 500

Entity Address, City or Town Denver

Entity Address, State or Province CO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 80237

City Area Code 720

Local Phone Number 428-5050

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $1.00 par value

Trading Symbol DOC

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://hcpi.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

hcp-20250214.xsd 
hcp-20250214_lab.xml 
hcp-20250214_pre.xml 
tm255424d9_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-014042-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>tm255424d9_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000765880 

2025-02-14 
2025-02-14 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000765880 
8-K 
2025-02-14 
Healthpeak Properties, Inc. 
MD 
001-08895 
33-0091377 
4600 South Syracuse Street 
Suite 500 
Denver 
CO 
80237 
720 
428-5050 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $1.00 par value 
DOC 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>