<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-000391.txt : 20250102
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-000391.hdr.sgml : 20250102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250102162023
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-000391
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250102
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STEEL PARTNERS HOLDINGS L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001452857
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS PRIMARY METAL PRODUCTS [3390]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35493
		FILM NUMBER:		25502299

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		590 MADISON AVENUE, 32ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-520-2300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		590 MADISON AVENUE, 32ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WEBFINANCIAL L.P.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081229
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0226365-8k_steel.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000145285700014528572025-01-022025-01-020001452857SPLP:CommonUnitsNoParValueMember2025-01-022025-01-020001452857SPLP:Sec6.0SeriesPreferredUnitsMember2025-01-022025-01-02iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section
13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of
earliest event reported): January 2, 2025

STEEL PARTNERS HOLDINGS L.P.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-35493 13-3727655

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

590 Madison Avenue, 32nd Floor, New York, New York 10022

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (212) 520-2300

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbols Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Units, no par value SPLP New York Stock Exchange

6.0% Series A Preferred Units SPLP-PRA New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01. Other Events.

The Short-Form Merger 

As previously disclosed on
a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) by Steel Partners Holdings L.P.,
a Delaware limited partnership (Steel Partners), the Audit Committee (the Audit Committee) of
the Board of Directors (Steel Connects Board) of Steel Connect, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Steel
Connect) approved a short-form merger transaction (the Short-Form Merger) between Steel Connect and an
indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Steel Partners, which at the effective time of the Short-Form Merger (the Effective Time),
together with its affiliates, owned greater than 90% of the outstanding common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common
Stock) of Steel Connect, on an as-converted basis, which approval was made in accordance with the terms of the stockholders
agreement, dated April 30, 2023 (as amended, the Stockholders Agreement) between Steel Partners, WebFinancial
Holding Corporation, WHX CS LLC, WF Asset Corp., Steel Partners, LTD., Warren G. Lichtenstein and Jack L. Howard (the SP Investors)
and Steel Connect.

On January 2, 2025 (the Closing
Date), in compliance with Section 267 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL), Steel Excel Sub I,
LLC (Acquisition Co.), an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Steel Partners merged with and into Steel Connect,
with Steel Connect surviving the Short-Form Merger and became an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Steel Partners. The funds required
to pay the aggregate cash consideration in the Short-Form Merger and related fees and expenses was approximately $31.2 million, which
was funded from amounts available under Steel Partners existing senior credit agreement.

Contingent Value Rights Agreement

On the Closing Date, Steel
Partners entered into a Contingent Value Rights Agreement (the CVR Agreement) with Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as
rights agent. Pursuant to the CVR Agreement, at the Effective Time, eligible holders of Common Stock received contingent value rights
to receive a portion of the Reith Net Litigation Proceeds (as defined in the CVR Agreement), if any, pursuant to the terms of the CVR
Agreement (such right, a Reith CVR).

Pursuant to the CVR Agreement, the SP Investors will not receive any
portion of the Reith Net Litigation Proceeds with respect to any shares of Common Stock held by them as of May 1, 2023 or issuable upon
conversion of the Convertible Instruments (as defined in the Stockholders Agreement). Acquisition Co. was not entitled to receive
any Reith CVRs in the Short-Form Merger. The SP Investors (other than Messrs. Lichtenstein and Howard) are entitled to receive their portion
of the Reith Net Litigation Proceeds with respect to the 1,552,838 shares of Common Stock acquired by them after May 1, 2023 (After-Acquired
Shares). As a result, the surviving corporation will retain any Reith Net Litigation Proceeds with respect to the After-Acquired
Shares and the remaining Reith Net Litigation Proceeds received will be distributed to the holders of Reith CVRs in accordance with the
terms of the CVR Agreement.

The Reith CVRs do not represent
any equity or ownership interest in Steel Partners, or any of its affiliates, including Steel Connect. The foregoing description of the
CVR Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the CVR Agreement, which
is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.1.

Delisting of Shares of Common Stock

In connection with the closing of the Short-Form
Merger, Steel Connect notified the NASDAQ Capital Market (Nasdaq) of its intent to remove the Common Stock from listing
on Nasdaq and requested that Nasdaq (i) suspend trading of the Common Stock on Nasdaq prior to the opening of trading on January 3, 2025
and (ii) file a Notification of Removal from Listing and/or Registration on Form 25 with the SEC to delist and deregister the Common Stock
under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act).

In addition, Steel Connect intends to file a certification
on Form 15 with the SEC suspending Steel Connects reporting obligations under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act with respect to
the Common Stock.

1

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Exhibit Description

99.1 Contingent Value Rights Agreement dated January 2, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

January 2, 2025 STEEL PARTNERS HOLDINGS L.P.

By: Steel Partners Holdings GP Inc.

Its General Partner

By: /s/ Ryan OHerrin

Ryan OHerrin

Chief Financial Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022636501ex99-1_steel.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CONTINGENT VALUE RIGHTS AGREEMENT DATED JANUARY 2, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

CONTINGENT VALUE RIGHTS AGREEMENT

BY AND AMONG

STEEL PARTNERS HOLDINGS L.P.

AND

EQUINITI TRUST COMPANY, LLC, AS RIGHTS AGENT

DATED AS OF JANUARY 2, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Article I DEFINITIONS 2

Section 1.1 Definitions 2

Article II CONTINGENT VALUE RIGHTS 6

Section 2.1 Appointment of the Rights Agent; Issuance of CVRs 6

Section 2.2 Nontransferable 7

Section 2.3 No Certificate; Registration; Registration of Transfer; Change of Address 7

Section 2.4 Payment Procedures; Payment Amount 8

Section 2.5 No Voting, Dividends or Interest; No Equity or Ownership Interest in Parent or the Company 10

Article III THE RIGHTS AGENT 10

Section 3.1 Certain Duties and Responsibilities 10

Section 3.2 Certain Rights of Rights Agent 10

Section 3.3 Indemnity and Expenses 12

Section 3.4 Resignation and Removal of Rights Agent; Appointment of Successor 13

Section 3.5 Acceptance of Appointment by Successor 13

Article IV AMENDMENTS 13

Section 4.1 Amendments Without Consent of Holders 13

Section 4.2 Amendments with Consent of the Holders 14

Section 4.3 Execution of Amendments 14

Section 4.4 Effect of Amendments 15

Article V OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION 15

Section 5.1 Notices to Parent, the Company and the Rights Agent 15

Section 5.2 Notice to Holders 16

Section 5.3 Counterparts; Headings 16

Section 5.4 Assignment; Successors 16

Section 5.5 Benefits of Agreement 16

Section 5.6 Governing Law 17

Section 5.7 Waiver of Jury Trial 17

Section 5.8 Remedies 17

Section 5.9 Severability Clause 18

Section 5.10 Termination 18

Section 5.11 Entire Agreement 18

Section 5.12 Suits for Enforcement 18

i

CONTINGENT VALUE RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS CONTINGENT VALUE RIGHTS
AGREEMENT, dated as of January 2, 2025
(this Agreement), is entered into by and among Steel Partners Holdings L.P., a Delaware limited partnership
(Parent) and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC (the Rights Agent and collectively with Parent the
Parties and each individually a Party).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, Steel Connect,
Inc. (the Company) is a nominal defendant in a class and derivative action
filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery (the Court for purposes of these Recitals) styled Reith v. Lichtenstein, et al.,
2018-0277-MTZ (Del. Ch.) (the Reith Litigation), in which plaintiff alleges breach of fiduciary duty, aiding and
abetting breach of fiduciary duty and unjust enrichment claims against then-current and former directors of the Company and Parent and
several of its affiliated companies (collectively, the Defendants);

WHEREAS,
on June 8, 2018, the Defendants filed motions to dismiss the complaint in the Reith Litigation (the Motions to Dismiss);

WHEREAS,
on June 28, 2019, the Court issued a memorandum opinion dismissing certain claims and Defendants;

WHEREAS,
on April 8, 2024, the remaining parties to the Reith Litigation, including the Company, entered into a memorandum of understanding contemplating
the settlement of the Reith Litigation subject to Court approval (the Proposed Settlement);

WHEREAS,
on October 18, 2024, the remaining parties to the Reith Litigation, including the Company, submitted a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement,
Compromise, and Release finalizing the terms of the Proposed Settlement to the Court;

WHEREAS,
on December 13, 2024 the Proposed Settlement was approved by the Court;

WHEREAS,
at such time as the Court-approved Proposed Settlement becomes effective and the Reith Litigation is otherwise finally resolved, among
other things, the remaining Defendants shall cause their insurers to make a cash payment of $6,000,000 to the Company and, after deducting
any Court-approved award of attorneys fees to plaintiffs counsel and certain expenses, the Company shall be required to
distribute the balance of the cash payment to certain holders of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the
Common Stock), pursuant to the allocation provisions set forth in that certain
Stockholders Agreement dated April 30, 2023 (as amended, the Stockholders Agreement) by and among the Company,
and Parent and the other stockholders signatory thereto (together with Parent, the SP Investors), as amended by the
Proposed Settlement, which Stockholders Agreement provides for the distribution of Reith Net Litigation Proceeds)
(as defined below) to certain stockholders of the Company upon any final resolution of the Reith Litigation and receipt by the Company
of any Reith Litigation Proceeds (as defined below);

1

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, (i) the SP Investors have waived any right to receive any portion of the Reith Net Litigation
Proceeds to the extent of any shares of Common Stock held by them as of May 1, 2023 (the May 2023 Shares) or any
shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Instruments (as defined in the Stockholders Agreement) (the
Conversion Shares) and (ii) the current directors and officers of the Company have agreed to waive any right to receive
any portion of the Reith Net Litigation Proceeds with respect to any shares of Common Stock they hold (the O&D Shares);

WHEREAS, Parent desires
to effect a short-form merger (the Merger) pursuant to which an affiliate of Parent (Acquisition Co.),
which prior to the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time) will own at least 90% of the outstanding Common
Stock, will merge with and into the Company with the Company surviving the Merger as an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent;

WHEREAS, on November
27, 2024, the Audit Committee of the Companys Board of Directors acknowledged its approval of the Merger pursuant to the Stockholders
Agreement; and

WHEREAS, Parent has
agreed to cause the Company to create and issue as consideration in the Merger in respect of the shares of Common Stock outstanding at
the Effective Time certain rights to any Reith Net Litigation Proceeds, if and when payable pursuant to this Agreement and the Stockholders
Agreement.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, for
and in consideration of the agreements contained herein, it is mutually covenanted and agreed as follows:

Article
I

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1 Definitions.

(a) For
all purposes of this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires:

(i) the
terms defined in this Article have the meanings assigned to them in this Article, and include the plural as well as the singular;

(ii) the
words herein, hereof and hereunder and other words of similar import refer to this Agreement
as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision;

(iii) unless
the context otherwise requires, words describing the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa, words denoting any gender
shall include all genders and words denoting natural Persons shall include corporations, partnerships and other Persons and vice versa;

(iv) the
word or shall be exclusive;

(v) the
words include, includes and including shall not be limiting and shall be deemed to be followed
by the phrase without limitation;

(vi) whenever
this Agreement refers to a number of days, such number shall refer to calendar days unless Business Days are specified; and

(vii) references
to any Person include such Persons successors and permitted assigns.

2

(b) Capitalized
terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Stockholders Agreement. The following
terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them as follows:

Affiliate
with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, such
first Person. For the purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meanings, the terms controlling,
controlled by and under common control with), as applied to any Person, means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of that Person, whether through the ownership
of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

Agreement
has the meaning given to such term in the Preamble.

Board Resolution
means a copy of a resolution certified by the secretary or an assistant secretary of Parent to have been duly adopted by the Board of
Directors of Parent and to be in full force and effect on the date of such certification, and delivered to the Rights Agent.

Business Day
means any day on which banks are not required or authorized to close in the City of New York.

Charter
means the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company dated as of September 29, 2008, as it may hereafter be amended from time
to time.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock
has the meaning given to such term in the Recitals.

Company
has the meaning given to such term in the Preamble.

Conversion Shares
has the meaning given to such term in the Recitals.

CVRs means
the contingent value rights issued by the Company under this Agreement.

CVR Payment Date
means any date that any Reith CVR Payment Amount is paid by the Company to the Holders pursuant to Section 2.4.

CVR Register
has the meaning given to such term in Section 2.3(b).

3

Dissenting Shares
means the shares of Common Stock as to which appraisal rights have been properly perfected in the Merger.

Effective Time
has the meaning given to such term in the Recitals.

Entire CVR Payment
Statement has the meaning given to such term in Section 2.4(f)(i).

Excluded Shares
means shares of Common Stock owned by Acquisition Co., the Company or any of its wholly-owned subsidiaries.

Holder
means a Person in whose name a CVR is registered in the CVR Register.

Independent Audit
Committee means an audit committee consisting of at least three (3) members, all of which members satisfy the Independence
Standards.

Independence Standards
means the standard of independence necessary for a director to qualify as an Independent Director under (i) the rules and
listing standards of the Stock Exchange, as may be amended from time to time, (ii) the rules and regulations of the Commission, as may
be amended from time to time, and (iii) in the Charter.

May 2023 Shares
has the meaning given to such term in the Recitals.

Merger
has the meaning given to such term in the Recitals.

Officers Certificate
means a certificate signed by the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, any vice president, the controller, the
treasurer or the secretary of Parent, in his or her capacity as such an officer.

O&D Shares
has the meaning given to such term in the Recitals.

Outstanding Share
Amount means 3,808,632.

Parent
has the meaning given to such term in the Preamble.

Permitted Transfer
means (i) the transfer of any or all of the CVRs on death by will or intestacy, (ii) transfer by instrument to an inter vivos or testamentary
trust in which the CVRs are to be passed to beneficiaries upon the death of the trustee, (iii) transfers made pursuant to a court order
(including in connection with divorce, bankruptcy or liquidation), (iv) if the Holder is a corporation, partnership or limited liability
company, a distribution by the transferring corporation, partnership or limited liability company to its stockholders, partners or members,
as applicable (provided that (A) such distribution does not subject the CVRs to a requirement of registration under the Securities Act
or the Exchange Act, or (B) in the case of a transferring corporation, Parent shall have reasonably determined after consultation with
counsel that such distribution does not subject the CVRs to a requirement of registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act) or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act),
and (v) a transfer made by operation of law (including a consolidation or merger) or without consideration in connection with the dissolution,
liquidation or termination of any corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity.

4

Person
means any individual, firm, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, trust or other entity, and shall include any successor
(by merger or otherwise) thereof or thereto.

Qualified Investment
means any (i) investment in a money market investment program registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, that invests
solely in direct obligations of the United States of America or obligations the principal of and the interest on which are unconditionally
guaranteed by the United States of America or (ii) certificate of deposit issued by any bank, bank and trust company or national banking
association with a combined capital and surplus in excess of $100,000,000 and insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or
a similar governmental agency.

Reith Claims
means any claims brought by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries arising out of, or in connection with, the Reith Litigation.

Reith CVR Payment
Amount means an amount (which shall not be less than zero) equal to the Reith Net Litigation Proceeds.

Reith CVR Per Share
Payment Amount means an amount (which shall not be less than zero) equal to (i) the Reith Net Litigation Proceeds divided by
(ii) the Outstanding Share Amount; provided, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, such amount in respect
of each Waived Share shall in all events be zero (0).

Reith Litigation
has the meaning given to such term in the Recitals.

Reith Litigation Expenses
means, without duplication, the sum of all documented out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses (including attorneys fees and expenses)
reasonably incurred by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company in pursuing, prosecuting and settling the Reith Claims; which shall
(i) include (x) the fees and expenses of advisors and witnesses (including expert witnesses), court costs and out-of-pocket expenses reasonably
incurred by current or former employees or advisors of the Company (excluding any compensation expenses of current employees of the Company)
and (y) any Tax accrued or incurred as a result of the Companys receipt of the Reith Litigation Proceeds to the extent that such
Tax is not capable of being offset by any net-operating loss carryforwards or any current losses or deductions in the current year in
which the Reith Litigation Proceeds are received, and (ii) exclude (x) any fees, costs and expenses incurred by any member of the SP Group
and their Affiliates (other than the Company and any Subsidiary of the Company) and (y) any fees, costs and expenses that were paid from
any settlement amount prior to distribution of the Reith Litigation Proceeds to the Company, in each case, as determined in good faith
by the Independent Audit Committee.

Reith Litigation Proceeds
means all cash compensation, payments, penalties, interest and other damages, if any, recovered or received by the Company or any of its
Affiliates as a result of the Reith Claims, whether such compensation, penalties, interest or other damages are recovered at trial, upon
appeal or in settlement.

5

Reith Net Litigation
Proceeds means (i) the Reith Litigation Proceeds minus (ii) the Reith Litigation Expenses.

Rights Agent
means the Rights Agent named in the Preamble, until a successor Rights Agent shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions
of this Agreement, and thereafter Rights Agent shall mean such successor Rights Agent.

SP Group
means Parent, WebFinancial Holding Corporation, WHX CS, LLC, WF Asset Corp., Steel Partners LTD., their Subsidiaries and Affiliates and
Warren G. Lichtenstein and Jack L. Howard.

SP Investors
has the meaning given to such term in the Recitals.

Stock Exchange
means the Nasdaq Capital Market or such other national stock exchange on which the Common Stock is listed for trading.

Stockholders
Agreement has the meaning given to such term in the Recitals.

Subsidiary
means, when used with respect to any Person, any other Person that such first Person, as applicable, directly or indirectly owns or has
the power to vote or control fifty percent (50%) or more of any other class or series of capital stock, limited liability company or membership
interest, partnership interest or other equity interest of such Person; provided, however, that, notwithstanding the foregoing to the
contrary, the Company shall not be a Subsidiary of any Person in the SP Group.

Tax means
any tax, levy, impost, duty or other charge or withholding of a similar nature imposed on or determined with reference to gross or net
income.

Waived Shares
means the May 2023 Shares, the Conversion Shares and the O&D Shares and shall include any shares of Common Stock held by Acquisition
Co. immediately prior to the Effective Time that were May 2023 Shares, Conversion Shares or O&D Shares immediately prior to their
acquisition by Acquisition Co. For the avoidance of doubt any shares of Common Stock held by Acquisition Co. immediately prior to the
Effective Time which had been acquired by the SP Investors after May 1, 2023 and subsequently transferred to Acquisition Co. shall not
be Waived Shares.

Article
II

CONTINGENT VALUE RIGHTS

Section 2.1 Appointment
of the Rights Agent; Issuance of CVRs.

Parent hereby appoints the
Rights Agent to act as agent for Parent in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof, and the Rights Agent hereby accepts such appointment.
Each holder of shares of Common stock as of the Effective Time, other than Excluded Shares and Dissenting Shares, shall receive a CVR
for each share of Common Stock held by them as of the Effective Time, and each such CVR shall represent the right of the Holder thereof
to receive, in respect of each CVR held by such Holder, the applicable Reith CVR Per Share Payment Amount (if any) if and when payable
pursuant to this Agreement. The administration of the CVRs shall be handled pursuant to this Agreement in the manner set forth in this
Agreement.

6

Section 2.2 Nontransferable.

The CVRs or any interest therein
shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, encumbered or in any other manner transferred or disposed of, in whole or in part,
other than through a Permitted Transfer.

Section 2.3 No Certificate;
Registration; Registration of Transfer; Change of Address.

(a) The
CVRs shall not be evidenced by a certificate or other instrument.

(b) In
connection with the payment of consideration in the Merger, the Rights Agent shall prepare and keep a register (the CVR Register)
for the registration of CVRs in a book-entry position for each Holder and transfers of CVRs as herein provided. The CVR Register shall
set forth the name and address of each Holder, the number of CVRs held by such Holder and the Tax Identification Number of each Holder,
which information, if not available to the Companys transfer agent or provided by the Holder, shall be provided in writing to the
Rights Agent by the Company. The CVR Register will be updated as necessary by the Rights Agent to reflect the addition or removal of Holders
(including pursuant to any Permitted Transfers), upon the written receipt of such information by the Rights Agent. Each of the Company
and Parent may receive and inspect a copy of the CVR Register, from time to time, upon written request made to the Rights Agent. Within
five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request, the Rights Agent shall mail a copy of the CVR Register, as then in effect, to the
Company at the address set forth in Section 5.1.

(c) Subject
to the restriction on transferability set forth in Section 2.2, every request made to transfer a CVR must be in writing and set
forth in reasonable detail the circumstances relating to the transfer, and must be accompanied by (i) a written instrument of transfer
duly executed by the registered Holder thereof, the Holders attorney duly authorized in writing, and the Holders personal
representative or survivor, (ii) the transfer certificate attached hereto as Exhibit A duly completed and properly executed by
both the registered Holder thereof, the Holders attorney duly authorized in writing, the Holders personal representative
or survivor and the proposed transferee, and (iii) any other requested documentation in form reasonably satisfactory to the Company and
the Rights Agent. Upon receipt of such written notice, the Rights Agent shall, subject to its reasonable determination that the transfer
instrument and the transfer certificate are in proper form and the transfer otherwise complies with the other terms and conditions herein
including Section 2.2, register the transfer of the CVRs in the CVR Register. The Rights Agent may rely on the information contained
in the transfer certificate and any of the documents required to be provided with the transfer certificate. All duly transferred CVRs
registered in the CVR Register shall be the valid obligations of the Company, evidencing the same right, and shall entitle the transferee
to the same benefits and rights under this Agreement, as those held immediately prior to the transfer by the transferor. No transfer of
a CVR shall be valid until registered in the CVR Register, and any transfer not duly registered in the CVR Register will be void ab initio
(unless the transfer was permissible hereunder and such failure to be duly registered is attributable to the fault of the Rights Agent).
Any transfer or assignment of the CVRs shall be without charge to the Holder; provided, that Parent and the Rights Agent may require
(i) payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp, transfer or other similar tax or charge that is imposed in connection with any such
transfer or (ii) that the transferor establish to the reasonable satisfaction of the Rights Agent that any such taxes have been paid.
The Rights Agent shall have no duty or obligation to take any action under this Section 2.3(c) unless and until the Rights Agent
is satisfied that all such taxes or charges have been paid in full.

(d) A
Holder may make a written request to the Rights Agent to change such Holders address of record in the CVR Register. The written
request must be duly executed by the Holder. Upon receipt of such written notice, the Rights Agent shall promptly record the change of
address in the CVR Register.

7

Section 2.4 Payment
Procedures; Payment Amount.

(a) Procedure.
Upon final resolution of the Reith Litigation and receipt of the Reith Litigation Proceeds, Parent shall cause to be delivered to the
Rights Agent as soon as reasonably practicable but in any event not more than twenty (20) Business Days after the day that the Reith Litigation
Proceeds is finally resolved a notice (the CVR Notice) that states (i) the amount of Reith Litigation Proceeds received,
(ii) a calculation of Reith Litigation Expenses used to calculate the amount of the Reith Net Litigation Proceeds, (iii) that the Holders
are entitled to receive their applicable Reith CVR Per Share Payment Amount, and (iv) the amount of the Reith CVR Per Share Payment Amount.
The Rights Agent shall promptly (and in no event later than five (5) Business Days after receipt thereof by the Rights Agent) send to
each Holder, other than Holders of Waived Shares, at its address set forth in the CVR Register a copy of the CVR Notice. Parent shall
then promptly establish the CVR Payment Date with respect to the payment of the Reith CVR Per Share Payment Amount due to the Holders
(the aggregate amount of such payments, the Aggregate Reith Payment Amount) other than the Holders of Waived Shares,
that is within 15 Business Days following the date of delivery of the CVR Notice and shall deliver the Aggregate Reith Payment Amount
to the Rights Agent on the Business Day immediately preceding the CVR Payment Date.

(b) Payments
to Holders. Each Holder shall be entitled to receive an aggregate amount in cash equal to (i) the number of CVRs held by them as reflected
in the CVR Register multiplied by (ii) the Reith CVR Per Share Payment Amount applicable to such Holder, which amount will be paid to
such Holder, without interest and net of any appliable withholding, by the Rights Agent by check mailed to the address of each Holder
as reflected on the CVR Register as of the close of business on the last Business Day prior to the CVR Payment Date. Upon payment by the
Company to the Rights Agent of the Reith Net Litigation Proceeds for further distribution by the Rights Agent to the Holders, Parent and
the Company shall thereafter have no further obligations with respect to such CVRs and the payment of the Reith CVR Per Share Payment
Amount.

(c) Parent
shall be entitled to deduct and withhold, or cause to be deducted or withheld, from the Reith CVR Payment Amount otherwise payable pursuant
to this Agreement, such amounts as it may be required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under applicable
federal, state, local or foreign tax law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld or paid over to or deposited with the relevant governmental
entity, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the Holder in respect of which
such deduction and withholding was made.

8

(d) Any
funds comprising the cash deposited with the Rights Agent under Section 2.4(a) that remain undistributed to the Holders twelve
(12) months after the CVR Payment Date shall be delivered to the Company by the Rights Agent and any Holders who have not theretofore
received payment in exchange for such CVRs shall thereafter look only to the Company for payment of their claim therefor. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, any portion of the consideration provided by the Company to the Rights Agent that remains unclaimed immediately
prior to such time as such amounts would otherwise escheat to, or become property of, any governmental entity shall, to the extent permitted
by Law, become the property of the Company free and clear of any claims or interest of any Person previously entitled thereto, subject
to any escheatment Laws.

(e) During
the period that the Rights Agent is in possession of the funds delivered to the Rights Agent for payment to Holders, the Rights Agent
shall identify, report and deliver all unclaimed portions of such amounts and related unclaimed property to all states and jurisdictions
for the Company in accordance with applicable abandoned property law. None of the Company or the Rights Agent shall be liable to any person
in respect of any funds delivered to a public official in compliance with any applicable state, federal or other abandoned property, escheat
or similar law. In consideration of receiving compensation from the agents of the states for processing and support services provided
by the Rights Agent relating to initial compliance with applicable abandoned property law, the Rights Agent shall not charge Parent for
such services. In connection with providing such services, the Rights Agent may use the services of a locating service provider selected
by the Rights Agent to locate and contact Holders, if any, who have not yet cashed their checks representing payment of the funds deposited
with the Rights Agent for payment to the Holders, which provider has agreed to compensate the Rights Agent for processing and other services
the Rights Agent provides in connection with such locating services. Such provider shall inform any such located Holders that they may
choose either (i) to contact the Rights Agent directly to receive a check for payment of such amounts at no charge other than any applicable
fees contemplated herein, or (ii) to utilize the services of such provider for a fee to be specified in writing to such Holder, which
may not exceed the lesser of 15% of the total value of such payment amount or the maximum statutory fee permitted by the applicable state
jurisdiction. If Parent requires the Rights Agent to work with a locating service provider other than one selected by the Rights Agent,
additional fees may apply.

(f) The
Rights Agent shall not be obligated to perform wage or Form W-2 tax reporting, and to the extent that any wage or W-2 reporting is required
with respect to the payment of any funds hereunder to Holders, Parent shall promptly notify the Rights Agent of the person or entity responsible
for such wage or W-2 reporting.

(g) All
funds received by the Rights Agent under this Agreement that are to be distributed or applied by the Rights Agent in the performance of
its duties, obligations and responsibilities hereunder (the Funds) shall be held by the Rights Agent as agent for
Parent and deposited in one or more bank accounts to be maintained by the Rights Agent in its name as agent for the Company. Until disbursed
pursuant to this Agreement, the Rights Agent may hold or invest the Funds through such accounts in obligations of, or guaranteed by, the
United States of America. The Rights Agent shall have no responsibility or liability for any diminution of the Funds that may result from
any deposit or investment made by the Rights Agent in accordance with this paragraph, including any losses resulting from a default by
any bank, financial institution or other third party. The Rights Agent may from time to time receive interest, dividends or other earnings
in connection with such deposits or investments. No interest shall accrue on any funds deposited with the Rights Agent pursuant to this
Agreement. The Rights Agent shall not be obligated to calculate or pay such interest, dividends or earnings to the Company, any Holder
or any other person or entity.

9

Section 2.5 No Voting,
Dividends or Interest; No Equity or Ownership Interest in Parent or the Company.

(a) The
CVRs shall not have any voting or dividend rights, and interest shall not accrue on any amounts payable on the CVRs to any Holder.

(b) The
CVRs shall not represent any equity or ownership interest in Parent, the Company or any of their Affiliates, or in any constituent company
to the Merger.

Article
III

THE RIGHTS AGENT

Section 3.1 Certain
Duties and Responsibilities.

(a) The
Rights Agent shall not have any liability or responsibility to any Person (A) of any kind whatsoever for or in respect of its performance
of any duties imposed hereunder or for any actions taken, suffered or omitted to be taken in connection with this Agreement (including
its acceptance and administration of this Agreement and the exercise and performance of its duties hereunder), (B) for any acts or omissions
of the other parties hereto or (C) for damages, losses or expenses arising out of this Agreement, except (in the case of each of the foregoing
clauses) to the extent of their gross negligence, bad faith or willful or intentional misconduct (each as determined by a final judgment
of a court of competent jurisdiction). No provision of this Agreement shall require the Rights Agent to expend or risk its own funds or
otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers.
For purposes of this Section 3.1 and Sections 3.2, 3.3 and 5.5 below, the term Rights Agent
shall include the Rights Agents managers, directors, officers, employees, agents or other representatives in their capacity as
such and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Rights Agent shall be liable for breaches of this Agreement by the Rights Agents managers,
directors, officers, employees, agents or other representatives.

Section 3.2 Certain
Rights of Rights Agent.

The Rights Agent undertakes
to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Agreement, and no implied duties, covenants or obligations
shall be read into this Agreement against the Rights Agent. In addition:

(a) the
Rights Agent may rely in good faith upon any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction,
consent, order or other paper or document reasonably believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party
or parties;

10

(b) whenever
the Rights Agent shall reasonably require that a matter be established or proved by Parent prior to taking, suffering or omitting to take
any action hereunder, the Rights Agent may request and rely upon a certificate signed by the chief executive officer, president, chief
financial officer, any vice president, the controller, the treasurer or the secretary of Parent on behalf of Parent, which certificate
shall be, if signed by the party or parties required to consent to such action, full authorization and protection to the Rights Agent,
and the Rights Agent shall, in the absence of gross negligence, bad faith or willful or intentional misconduct (each as determined by
a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction) on its part, incur no liability, and shall be protected and be held harmless by
Parent, for or in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted to be taken by it under the provisions of this Agreement in reliance
upon such certificate;

(c) the
Rights Agent may engage and consult with counsel of its selection (who may be legal counsel for the Rights Agent or an employee of the
Rights Agent) and the written advice of such counsel or any opinion of counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection
in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted to be taken by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance thereon;

(d) the
permissive rights of the Rights Agent to do things enumerated in this Agreement shall not be construed as a duty;

(e) the
Rights Agent shall not be required to give any note or surety in respect of the execution of such powers or otherwise in respect of the
premises;

(f) except
as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, the Rights Agent shall have no liability and shall be held harmless by Parent in respect of
the validity of this Agreement, the statements of fact or recitals contained herein (or be required to verify the same), or the execution
and delivery hereof (except the due execution and delivery hereof by the Rights Agent and the enforceability of this Agreement against
the Rights Agent assuming the due execution and delivery hereof by the other parties hereto); nor shall it be responsible for any breach
by Parent or any other party of any covenant or condition contained in this Agreement nor shall the Rights Agent be responsible for, nor
chargeable with, knowledge of, nor have any requirements to comply with, the terms and conditions of any other agreement, instrument or
document, including, without limitation, the the Stockholders Agreement, nor shall the Rights Agent be required to determine if
any person or entity has complied with any such agreements, instruments or documents, nor shall any additional obligations of the Rights
Agent be inferred from the terms of such agreements, instruments or documents even though reference thereto may be made in this Agreement;

(g) notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, (i) the Rights Agent shall in no event be liable for special, punitive or unforeseeable consequential
damages (unless such damages are to third parties with respect to third party claims that result in a judgment against the Rights Agent
for such damages), and (ii) any liability of the Rights Agent, including, but not limited to, foreseeable consequential damages, shall
be limited to the amount of fees paid by the Company to the Rights Agent (excluding amounts paid to the Rights Agent as reimbursement
for expenses and other charges);

11

(h) the
Rights Agent and any of its affiliates may buy, sell or deal in any securities of the Company or Parent or become peculiarly interested
in any transaction in which Parent or the Company may be interested, or contract with or lend money to Parent or the Company or otherwise
act as fully and freely as though it were not the Rights Agent under this Agreement. Nothing herein shall preclude the Rights Agent from
acting in any other capacity for Parent or the Company or for any other Person; and

(i) the
Rights Agent may execute and exercise any of the rights or powers hereby vested in it or perform any duty hereunder either itself (through
its directors, officers and employees) or by or through its attorneys or agents; provided that the Rights Agent shall be liable for breaches
of this Agreement by such directors, officers, employees, attorneys or agents.

Section 3.3 Indemnity
and Expenses.

(a) Parent
agrees to cause the Company to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Rights Agent for, and to hold the Rights Agent harmless against,
any loss, liability, judgment, fine, penalty, claim, demand, suit, cost, damage or expense, including reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
(including the reasonable costs and expenses of legal counsel) arising out of or in connection with the Rights Agents duties under
this Agreement, including the reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of defending the Rights Agent against any claims, charges, demands,
investigations, suits or loss or liability, or enforcement of its rights hereunder, unless it shall have been finally determined by a
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to be a direct result of the Rights Agents gross negligence, bad faith or willful
or intentional misconduct. The right to indemnification conferred in this Section 3.3(a) shall include the right to be paid or
reimbursed by the Company for the reasonable expenses incurred by such Person entitled to be indemnified under this Section 3.3(a)
who was, or is threatened to be made a named defendant or respondent in a claim, charge, demand, investigation or suit in advance of the
final disposition thereof and without any determination as to the Persons ultimate entitlement to indemnification. The rights granted
pursuant to this Section 3.3(a) shall be deemed contract rights, and no amendment, modification or repeal of this Section 3.3(a)
shall have the effect of limiting or denying any such rights with respect to claims, charges, demands, investigations and suits arising
prior to any such amendment, modification or repeal. Any such amounts incurred in connection with this Section 3.3(a) shall be
a Reith Litigation Expense.

(b) Parent
agrees to cause the Company, in all events (i) to pay the fees and expenses of the Rights Agent in connection with this Agreement and
(ii) to reimburse the Rights Agent for all taxes and governmental charges (other than taxes measured by the Rights Agents income)
and reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable and customary fees and expenses of the Rights Agents
counsel) paid or incurred by the Rights Agent in connection with the preparation, delivery, amendment, administration and execution of
this Agreement and the exercise and performance of its duties hereunder. Parent agrees that any invoice for any out-of-pocket expenses
and per item fees realized will be rendered and payable by the Company within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company, except for
postage and mailing expenses, which funds must be received one (1) Business Day prior to the scheduled mailing date. For the avoidance
of doubt, such fees, expenses and reimbursements contained in this Section 3.3 shall be Reith Litigation Expenses.

12

Section 3.4 Resignation
and Removal of Rights Agent; Appointment of Successor.

(a) The
Rights Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to Parent(with a copy to the Company) specifying a date when such
resignation shall take effect, which notice shall be sent at least thirty (30) days prior to the date so specified.

(b) If
at any time the Rights Agent shall resign, be removed or become incapable of acting, Parent , by a Board Resolution, shall promptly appoint
a qualified successor Rights Agent. The successor Rights Agent so appointed shall, upon its acceptance of such appointment in accordance
with this Section 3.4(b), become the successor Rights Agent.

(c) If
(i) a successor Rights Agent has not been appointed pursuant to Section 3.4(b) and has not accepted such appointment within
thirty (30) days after the initial Rights Agent delivers notice of its resignation pursuant to Section 3.4(a) or (ii) at any time
the Rights Agent shall become incapable of acting, the incumbent Rights Agent or the Company may petition any court of competent jurisdiction
for the removal of the Rights Agent, if applicable, and the appointment of a successor Rights Agent.

(d) Parent
shall shall give written notice of each resignation and each removal of a Rights Agent and each appointment of a successor Rights Agent
to the then Rights Agent, as applicable, within ten (10) days after acceptance of appointment by a successor Rights Agent. If requested,
the Rights Agent (or successor Rights Agent) shall mail notice of each resignation and each removal of a Rights Agent and each appointment
of a successor Rights Agent to the Holders within ten (10) days after receipt of notice thereof and all necessary information from Parent.
Each such notice provided to the Rights Agent, or Holders shall include the name and address of the successor Rights Agent.

Section 3.5 Acceptance
of Appointment by Successor.

Every successor Rights Agent
appointed hereunder shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to Parent and to the retiring Rights Agent, an instrument accepting such appointment
and a counterpart of this Agreement, and thereupon such successor Rights Agent, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become
vested with all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Rights Agent; but, on request of Parent, such retiring Rights Agent
shall execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor Rights Agent all the rights, powers and trusts of the retiring
Rights Agent.

Article
IV

AMENDMENTS

Section 4.1 Amendments
Without Consent of Holders.

(a) Without
the consent of any Holders or the Rights Agent, Parent (when authorized by a Board Resolution), at any time and from time to time, may
enter into one or more amendments hereto, subject to Section 4.1, to evidence the succession of another Person to Parent and the
assumption by any such successor of the covenants of Parent herein.

13

(b) Without
the consent of any Holders, Parent (when authorized by a Board Resolution) and the Rights Agent, at any time and from time to time, may
enter into one or more amendments hereto, for any of the following purposes:

(i) to
evidence the removal or replacement of the Rights Agent and the succession of another Person as a successor Rights Agent, and the assumption
by any successor of the obligations of the Rights Agent herein, in accordance with Sections 3.4 and 3.5;

(ii) to
add to the covenants of Parent such further covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions as Parent and the Rights Agent shall consider
to be for the protection of the Holders; provided, that, in each case, such provisions shall not adversely affect the interests
of the Holders as determined by Parent in its sole discretion;

(iii) to
cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision herein that may be defective or inconsistent with any other provision herein,
or to make any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Agreement; provided, that, in each case,
such provisions shall not adversely affect the interests of the Holders as determined by the Company in its sole discretion; or

(iv) as
may be necessary to ensure that the CVRs are not subject to registration under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

(c) Promptly
after the execution by Parent (and the Rights Agent, as applicable), of any amendment pursuant to the provisions of this Section 4.1,
Parent shall cause the Company to mail (or cause the Rights Agent to mail) a notice thereof by first class mail to the Holders at their
addresses as they appear on the CVR Register, setting forth such amendment.

Section 4.2 Amendments
with Consent of the Holders.

(a) With
the written consent of the Holders of not less than a majority of the outstanding CVRs, whether evidenced in writing or taken at a meeting
of the Holders, Parent and the Rights Agent may enter into one or more amendments hereto for the purpose of adding, eliminating or changing
any provisions of this Agreement, even if such addition, elimination or change is adverse to the interest of the Holders.

(b) Promptly
after the execution by Parent and the Rights Agent of any amendment pursuant to the provisions of this Section 4.2, Parent
shall cause the Company to mail (or cause the Rights Agent to mail) a notice thereof by first class mail to the Holders at their addresses
as they appear on the CVR Register, setting forth such amendment.

Section 4.3 Execution
of Amendments.

In executing any amendment
permitted by this ARTICLE IV, the Rights Agent will be entitled to receive, and will be fully protected in relying upon, an opinion of
counsel selected by Parent stating that the execution of such amendment is authorized or permitted by this Agreement. The Rights Agent
may, but is not obligated to, enter into any such amendment that affects the Rights Agents own rights, privileges, covenants or
duties under this Agreement or otherwise.

14

Section 4.4 Effect
of Amendments.

Upon the execution of any
amendment permitted under this ARTICLE IV, this Agreement shall be modified in accordance therewith, such amendment shall form a part
of this Agreement for all purposes and each Holder, Parent and the Rights Agent shall be bound thereby.

Article
V

OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION

Section 5.1 Notices
to Parent, the Company and the Rights Agent.

All communications, notices
and disclosures required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and will be deemed to have been given when delivered by first
class mail or one (1) Business Day after having been dispatched for next-day delivery by a nationally recognized overnight courier service
to the appropriate party at the address specified below:

If to the Company or Parent, to:

Steel Partners Holdings L.P.

590 Madison Avenue

32nd Floor

New York, NY 10022

Attention: Maria Reda, Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Email: mreda@steelpartners.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Greenberg Traurig, P.A.

401 East Las Olas Boulevard

Suite 2000

Attention: Alan Annex

Email: annexa@gtlaw.com

If to the Rights Agent, to:

Equiniti Trust Company, LLC

48 Wall Street, 22nd Floor

New York, NY 10005

Attention: Relationship Management/Steel Connect CVR

With a copy to:

Equiniti Trust Company, LLC

48 Wall Street, 22nd Floor

New York, NY 10005

Attention: Legal Department

Email: legalteamUS@equiniti.com

15

Section 5.2 Notice
to Holders.

Where this Agreement provides
for notice to Holders, such notice shall be sufficiently given (unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if in writing, sent by overnight
courier (providing proof of delivery) or mailed, first-class postage prepaid, to each Holder affected by such event, at his, her or its
address as it appears in the CVR Register, not later than the latest date, and not earlier than the earliest date, prescribed for the
giving of such notice. In any case where notice to Holders is given by mail, neither the failure to mail such notice, nor any defect in
any notice so mailed, to any particular Holder shall affect the sufficiency of such notice with respect to other Holders.

Section 5.3 Counterparts;
Headings.

This Agreement may be executed
in one or several counterparts (whether by facsimile, pdf or otherwise), each of which shall be deemed an original, but such counterparts
shall together constitute but one and the same Agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each of the
parties and delivered to the other parties (including by facsimile or other electronic image scan transmission). The Article and Section
headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part hereof.

Section 5.4 Assignment;
Successors.

(a) Subject
to Section 5.1, neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement may be assigned by
any of the parties (whether by operation of Law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other parties; provided,
that any entity into which the Rights Agent may be merged or consolidated, or any entity resulting from any merger or consolidation to
which the Rights Agent shall be a party, or any entity to which the Rights Agent shall sell or otherwise transfer all or substantially
all of its assets and business, shall be the successor Rights Agent under this Agreement upon the delivery of notice to the other parties
hereto. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by all of
the parties and their respective successors and assigns.

Section 5.5 Benefits
of Agreement.

Nothing in this Agreement,
is intended to or be deemed to confer upon any Person other than the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns
any rights or remedies hereunder. The Holders shall have no rights hereunder except as are expressly set forth herein.

16

Section 5.6 Governing
Law.

This Agreement, and all claims,
causes of action, actions, suits, and proceedings (whether in contract, tort or statute) that may be based upon, arise out of or relate
to this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution or performance of this Agreement (including any claim, cause of action, action, suit,
or proceeding based upon, arising out of, or related to any transaction contemplated by this Agreement, any representation or warranty
made in or in connection with this Agreement, or as an inducement to enter into this Agreement) (a Dispute), shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the Laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to Laws that may be applicable under
conflicts of laws principles (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the Laws
of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. Each party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property,
to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, in the event subject matter jurisdiction is unavailable
in the Court of Chancery, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Superior Court of the State of Delaware) as well as any appellate court
thereof, in any Dispute or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment relating thereto, and each of the parties hereby irrevocably
and unconditionally (i) agrees not to commence any Dispute except in such court, (ii) agrees that any claim in respect of any Dispute
may be heard and determined in such Delaware court, (iii) waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection
which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any Dispute in such Delaware court, and (iv) waives, to the fullest extent
permitted by Law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of a Dispute in such Delaware court. Each of the parties agrees
that a final judgment in any Dispute shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any
other manner provided by Law. Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices
in Section 5.1. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any Party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner
permitted by Law.

Section 5.7 Waiver
of Jury Trial.

EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND
AGREES THAT ANY DISPUTE (AS DEFINED IN THIS AGREEMENT) IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE
IT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY DISPUTE. EACH
PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (I) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE,
THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF A DISPUTE, SEEK TO ENFORCE EITHER OF SUCH WAIVERS, (II) IT UNDERSTANDS
AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF SUCH WAIVERS, (III) IT MAKES SUCH WAIVERS VOLUNTARILY, AND (IV) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO
THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 5.7.

Section 5.8 Remedies.

The parties hereto agree that
irreparable damage would occur in the event that the parties hereto do not perform their obligations under the provisions of this Agreement
(including failing to take such actions as are required of them hereunder) in accordance with its specified terms or otherwise breach
such provisions. The parties acknowledge and agree that prior to the termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 5.10,
(a) the Parties shall be entitled to an injunction, specific performance, or other equitable relief, to prevent breaches of this Agreement
and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof without proof of damages or the posting of any collateral, bond or other security,
this being in addition to any other remedy available at law, in equity, under this Agreement or otherwise and (b) the right of injunctive
relief, specific enforcement and other equitable relief is an integral part of this Agreement and transactions related hereto. The parties
also agree that the non-prevailing party (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final, non-appealable order) in any
litigation relating to the enforcement of this Agreement shall reimburse the prevailing party for all costs incurred by the prevailing
party (including reasonable legal fees in connection with any litigation).

17

Section 5.9 Severability
Clause.

If any term or other provision
of this Agreement is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule
of Law or public policy, all other terms, provisions and conditions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect.
Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall
negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable Law in an acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated by the Stockholders Agreement
and this Agreement are fulfilled to the extent possible.

Section 5.10 Termination.

This Agreement and each CVR
shall be terminated and of no further force or effect, and the parties hereto shall have no liability hereunder, upon the earliest to
occur of (i) the payment of all Reith CVR Payment Amounts required to be paid under the terms of this Agreement, (ii) the determination
that no Reith CVR Payment Amounts are required to be made under the terms of this Agreement and (iii) the third anniversary of the Effective
Time. Notice of any such termination will be promptly mailed by the Rights Agent, upon the written request of Parent and accompanied by
the form of such notice, to the Holders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Section 3.1, Section
3.2, Section 3.3, and this ARTICLE V shall survive the termination of this Agreement indefinitely and the resignation, replacement
or removal of the Rights Agent.

Section 5.11 Entire
Agreement.

This Agreement, the Stockholders
Agreement, all documents and instruments referenced herein and therein, and all exhibits and schedules attached to the foregoing, constitute
the entire agreement of the parties (other than the Rights Agent) and supersede all other prior agreements and understandings, both written
and oral, among the parties, or any of them, with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. If and to the extent that any provision
of this Agreement is inconsistent or conflicts with the Stockholders Agreement, this Agreement shall govern and be controlling.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, as between the Rights Agent, on the one hand, and any other person or entity, on the other hand, this Agreement
alone constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of such parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.

Section 5.12 Suits
for Enforcement.

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained in this Agreement, any liability of any of the parties hereunder for breach of its obligations under this Agreement
shall not (other than in connection with fraud or willful misconduct, or third-party claims from third parties arising out of such partys
breach of this Agreement) include any unforeseeable and remote indirect or consequential damages, or any special or punitive damages.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

18

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of
the parties has caused this Agreement to be executed on its behalf by its duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above
written.

STEEL PARTNERS HOLDINGS L.P.

By: Steel Partners Holdings GP Inc., its general partner

By: /s/ Ryan OHerrin

Name: Ryan OHerrin

Title: Chief Financial Officer

EQUINITI TRUST COMPANY, LLC

By: /s/ Michael Legregin

Name: Michael Legregin

Title: Senior Vice President, Corporate Actions Relationship Management & Operations

[Signature Page to CVR Agreement]

EXHIBIT A

Form of Transfer Certificate

See attached.

TRANSFER CERTIFICATE

Steel Partners Holdings L.P.

590 Madison Avenue

32nd Floor

New York, NY 10022

Attn: Maria Reda

Equiniti Trust Company, LLC

48 Wall Street, 22nd Floor

New York, NY 10005

Tel: 877-248-6417 (toll free) or 718-921-8317

Re: CVRs issued by Steel
Connect, Inc.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

As Holder intends to transfer the above captioned
CVR to (Permitted Transferee), for registration in the name of.

1. In
connection with such transfer and in accordance with Section 2.3(c) of the Contingent Value Rights Agreement, dated as of January
2, 2025, entered into by and among Steel Partners Holdings L.P., a Delaware limited partnership
and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as rights agent (the Agreement), the Holder hereby certifies that this transfer
is a Permitted Transfer and that the Permitted Transferee is permitted to hold the CVRs in accordance with the terms of the Agreement.

2. The
transfer is a Permitted Transfer for the following reason:

[Check the appropriate box and initial any
applicable substatement]

The CVRs are being transferred as a result of the death of a Holder by will or intestacy.

An official copy of the death certificate of the
Holder and such Holders last will and testament and a signed copy of Letters Testamentary, Letters of Administration or equivalent
document dated within 60 days are being provided herewith.

An official copy of the death certificate of the
Holder is being provided herewith; the Holder has no will and the CVRs are passing via the rules of intestacy.

The CVRs are being transferred by instrument to an inter vivos or testamentary trust in which the CVRs
are to be passed to beneficiaries upon the death of the trustee. The trustee is the Holder immediately prior to the transfer. Official
copies of the death certificates and applicable trust documents authorizing distribution to the named beneficiaries are being provided
herewith.

The CVRs are being transferred pursuant to a court order (including a court order issued in connection
with divorce, bankruptcy or liquidation). A copy of the court order and, if appointed, evidence of appointment as: Tutor, Guardian, Conservator,
Committee, Attorney or Agent dated within 60 days are being provided herewith.

A-1

The Holder is a corporation and the CVRs are being transferred pursuant to a distribution by the Holder
to its stockholders. Such distribution does not subject the CVRs to a requirement of registration under the Securities Act or the Exchange
Act and the company has reasonably determined after consultation with counsel that such distribution does not subject the CVRs to a requirement
of registration under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. A copy of the unanimous written consent of the board of the company or an
executed copy of the corporate resolution dated within 180 days authorizing and approving such distribution (and authorizing the signing
officer to effect the transaction) and a certificate by or on behalf of the company stating that that such distribution does not subject
the CVRs to a requirement of registration under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act are being provided herewith. Evidence of such Permitted
Transferee being a shareholder of the Holder is also being provided herewith. The corporate resolution, if provided, is not executed solely
by the signing officer.

The Holder is a partnership and the CVRs are being transferred pursuant to a distribution by the Holder
to its partners. Such distribution does not subject the CVRs to a requirement of registration under the Securities Act or the Exchange
Act. A copy of the current partnership agreement is being provided herewith, together with evidence of the authority of any signatory
on behalf of the partnership.

The Holder is a limited liability company and the CVRs are being transferred pursuant to a distribution
by the Holder to its members. Such distribution does not subject the CVRs to a requirement of registration under the Securities Act or
the Exchange Act. A copy of the operating agreement is being provided herewith, together with an executed copy of the resolution dated
within 180 days authorizing the signing managing member/manager to effect the transaction. If the limited liability company has more than
one managing member/manager, this resolution is not executed solely by the signing managing member/manager.

The CVRs are being transferred by a transfer made by operation of law (including a consolidation, dissolution
or merger) or without consideration in connection with the dissolution, liquidation or termination of any corporation, limited liability
company, partnership or other entity. Documents sufficiently evidencing such activities are being provided herewith, together with, if
such transfer by operation of law requires shareholder or board of director or similar approval, an executed copy of the resolution dated
within 180 days authorizing the signing officer, managing member/manager or other signatory to effect the event. If such entity has more
than one signing officer, managing member/manager or other signatory, this resolution is not executed solely by the signing officer, managing
member/manager or other signatory.

3. If
not previously provided to the Rights Agent and if requested by the Rights Agent, a fully completed and executed Form W-9 or Form W-8,
as applicable, of the Permitted Transferee is being provided herewith.

4. All
capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have such meanings as are ascribed to such terms in the Agreement.

5. By
execution hereof the Permitted Transferee agrees to be bound, as Holder, by all of the terms, covenants and conditions of the Agreement.

6. This
document may be executed in one or more counterparts and by the different parties hereof on separate counterparts, each of which, when
so executed, shall be deemed to be an original; such counterparts, together, shall constitute one and the same document. The Holder and
the Permitted Transferee both understand that the Rights Agent may require a Medallion Guarantee of Signature at a level acceptable to
the Rights Agent.

A-2

IN WITNESS WHEREFORE, each
of the parties have caused this document to be executed individually or by their duly authorized officers or representatives as of the
date set forth below.

Holder Permitted Transferee

By: By: 

Name: Name: 

Title: Title: 

Taxpayer Identification Taxpayer Identification

No. No. 

Date: Date:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>splp-20250102.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>splp-20250102_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>splp-20250102_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Units, no par value 

6.0% Series A Preferred Units 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>splp-20250102_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 02, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 02, 2025

Entity File Number 001-35493

Entity Registrant Name STEEL PARTNERS HOLDINGS L.P.

Entity Central Index Key 0001452857

Entity Tax Identification Number 13-3727655

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 590 Madison Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two 32nd Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10022

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 520-2300

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Units, no par value 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Units, no par value

Trading Symbol SPLP

Security Exchange Name NYSE

6.0% Series A Preferred Units 

Title of 12(b) Security 6.0% Series A Preferred Units

Trading Symbol SPLP-PRA

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=SPLP_CommonUnitsNoParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=SPLP_Sec6.0SeriesPreferredUnitsMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://steelpartners.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0226365-8k_steel.htm 
splp-20250102.xsd 
splp-20250102_def.xml 
splp-20250102_lab.xml 
splp-20250102_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-000391-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0226365-8k_steel_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001452857 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

0001452857 

SPLP:CommonUnitsNoParValueMember 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

0001452857 

SPLP:Sec6.0SeriesPreferredUnitsMember 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001452857 
8-K 
2025-01-02 
STEEL PARTNERS HOLDINGS L.P. 
DE 
001-35493 
13-3727655 
590 Madison Avenue 
32nd Floor 
New York 
NY 
10022 
212 
520-2300 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Units, no par value 
SPLP 
NYSE 
6.0% Series A Preferred Units 
SPLP-PRA 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>