<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-015836.txt : 20250129
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-015836.hdr.sgml : 20250129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250129170142
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-015836
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250129
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Blackstone Private Credit Fund
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001803498
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01358
		FILM NUMBER:		25570194

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		31ST FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10154
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-503-2100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		31ST FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10154
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d804183d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

0001803498false00018034982025-01-292025-01-29iso4217:USD

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15 (d) 

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 29, 2025

Blackstone Private Credit Fund

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 

814-01358 

84-7071531

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

345 Park Avenue, 31st Floor

New York, New York10154

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

(212) 

503-2100

(Registrants phone number, including area code) 

None 

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 

8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 

14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 

14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 

13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

None None None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 

12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 

240.12b-2):

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01. 

Other Events. 

On January 29, 2025, Blackstone Private Credit Fund (the 

Fund) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (the 

Trustee) entered into an eighteenth supplemental indenture (the 

Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture (defined herein), the 

Indenture) related to the $1,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of its 6.000% notes due 2032 (the 

Notes), which supplements that certain Base Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2021 (as may be further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the 

Base Indenture). 

The Notes will mature on January 29, 2032 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Funds option at any time and from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the Indenture. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 6.000% per year payable semi-annually on January 29 and July 29 of each year, commencing on July 29, 2025. The Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Fund that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Funds existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, rank

pari passu with all existing and future unsecured indebtedness issued by the Fund that are not so subordinated, rank effectively junior to any of the Funds secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Fund later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Funds subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 

The Indenture contains certain covenants, including covenants requiring the Fund to comply with the asset coverage requirements of Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, whether or not it is subject to those requirements, and to provide financial information to the holders of the Notes and the Trustee if the Fund is no longer subject to the reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are described in the Indenture.

In addition, on the occurrence of a change of control repurchase event, as defined in the Indenture, the Fund will generally be required to make an offer to purchase the outstanding Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of such Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest to the repurchase date. 

The Notes were offered and sold pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form 

N-2 (File 

No. 333-264426), the preliminary prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 14, 2025, and the pricing term sheet filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 22, 2025. The transaction closed on January 29, 2025. 

The foregoing descriptions of the Base Indenture, the Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture and the Notes do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Base Indenture, the Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture and the Notes, respectively, each filed as an exhibit hereto and incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

4.1 Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2021, by and between the Fund and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Funds Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 15, 2021). 

4.2 Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 29, 2025, relating to the 6.000% Notes due 2032, by and between the Fund and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. 

4.3 Form of 6.000% Notes due 2032 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 hereto). 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Date: January 29, 2025 BLACKSTONE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND

By: 

/s/ Oran Ebel

Name: Oran Ebel

Title: Chief Legal Officer and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d804183dex42.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.2
<TEXT>
EX-4.2

Exhibit 4.2 

EIGHTEENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

between 

BLACKSTONE
PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 

and 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Trustee 

DATED AS OF
JANUARY 29, 2025 

EIGHTEENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

THIS EIGHTEENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture), dated as of January 29, 2025 (the
Issue Date), is between Blackstone Private Credit Fund, a Delaware statutory trust (the Company), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association,
the Trustee). All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Base Indenture (as defined below) unless otherwise defined herein. 

RECITALS OF THE COMPANY 

The Company and the Trustee executed and delivered an Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2021 (the BaseIndenture), as amended and supplemented by this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture (together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), to provide for the issuance by the Company from time to time of the Companys
unsecured debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness (the Securities), to be issued in one or more series as provided in the Base Indenture. 

The Company has duly authorized the creation, issue and sale of $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 6.000% Notes
due 2032 (the Initial Notes and, together with any Additional Notes (as defined herein), the Notes). 

Sections 9.01(4) and 9.01(6) of the Base Indenture provide that without the consent of Holders of the Securities of any series issued under
the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), the Company, when authorized by or pursuant to a Board Resolution, and the Trustee, at any time and from time to time, may enter into
one or more indentures supplemental to the Base Indenture to (i) change or eliminate any of the provisions of the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto) when there is no
Security Outstanding of any series created prior to the execution of a supplemental indenture that is entitled to the benefit of such provision and (ii) establish the form or terms of Securities of any series as permitted by Section 2.01
and Section 3.01 of the Base Indenture. 

The Company desires to establish the form and terms of the Notes and to modify, alter,
supplement and change certain provisions of the Base Indenture for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes (subject to amendment as may be provided in a future supplemental indenture to the Indenture (Future Supplemental
Indenture). The Company has duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture to provide for the issuance of the Notes and all acts and things necessary to make this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture a
valid, binding, and legal obligation of the Company and to constitute a valid agreement of the Company, in accordance with its terms, have been done and performed. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises and the purchase of the Notes by
the Holders thereof, it is mutually agreed, for the equal and proportionate benefit of all Holders of the Notes, as follows: 

ARTICLE I

TERMS OF THE NOTES 

Section 1.01. The following terms relating to the Notes are hereby established: 

(a) The Notes shall constitute a series of Senior Securities having the title 6.000% Notes due 2032. The Notes shall bear a
CUSIP number of 09261H BX4 and an ISIN number of US09261HBX44. 

(b) The aggregate principal amount of the Initial Notes that may be
initially authenticated and delivered under the Indenture (except for Initial Notes authenticated and delivered upon registration of, transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other Notes pursuant to Sections 3.04, 3.05, 3.06, 9.06, 11.07 or
13.05 of the Base Indenture, and except for any Securities that, pursuant to Section 3.03 of the Base Indenture, are deemed never to have been authenticated and delivered under the Indenture) shall be $1,000,000,000. Under a Board Resolution,
Officers Certificate pursuant to Board Resolutions or an indenture supplement, the Company may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders of Notes, issue additional Notes (in any such case, Additional Notes)
having the same ranking and the same interest rate, maturity and other terms as the Notes (except for the issue date, public offering price, and, if applicable, the initial Interest Payment Date); provided that, if such Additional Notes are
not fungible with the Initial Notes (or any other tranche of Additional Notes) for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then such Additional Notes will have different CUSIP numbers from the Initial Notes (and any such other tranche of Additional
Notes). Any Additional Notes and the existing Notes will constitute a single series under the Indenture and all references to the relevant Notes herein shall include the Additional Notes unless the context otherwise requires. 

(c) The entire outstanding principal of the Notes shall be payable on January 29, 2032, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased in
accordance with the provisions of this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture. 

(d) The rate at which the Notes shall bear interest shall
be 6.000% per annum (the Applicable Interest Rate). The date from which interest shall accrue on the Notes shall be January 29, 2025 or the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or provided for;
the Interest Payment Dates for the Notes shall be January 29 and July 29 of each year, commencing July 29, 2025 (if an Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, then the applicable interest payment will be made
on the next succeeding Business Day and no additional interest will accrue as a result of such delayed payment); the initial interest period will be the period from and including January 29, 2025 (or the most recent Interest Payment Date to
which interest has been paid or provided for), to, but excluding, the initial Interest Payment Date, and the subsequent interest periods will be the periods from and including an Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next Interest Payment
Date or the Stated Maturity, as the case may be; the interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date, will be paid to the Person in whose name the Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered
at 5:00 p.m. New York City time, or the close of business, on the Regular Record Date for such interest, which shall be January 15 and July 15 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding such Interest Payment Date.
Payment of principal of (and premium, if any, on) and any such interest on the Notes will be made at the office of the Trustee located at 111 Fillmore Ave., St. Paul, MN 55107 and at such other address as designated by the Trustee, in such coin or
currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that at the option of the Company, payment of interest may be made by check mailed to the
address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register. Interest on the Notes will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve
30-day months. 

(e) The Notes shall be initially issuable in global form (each such Note, a
Global Note). The Global Notes and the Trustees certificate of authentication thereon shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A to this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture. Each Global Note shall represent the
outstanding Notes as shall be specified therein and each shall provide that it shall represent the aggregate amount of outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby may
from time to time be reduced or increased, as appropriate, to reflect exchanges and redemptions. Any endorsement of a Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby shall be made
by the Trustee or the Security Registrar, in accordance with Sections 2.03 and 3.05 of the Base Indenture. 

(f) The depositary for such Global Notes (the Depositary) shall be
The Depository Trust Company, New York, New York, until a successor shall have been appointed and becomes such person, and thereafter, Depositary shall mean or include such successor. The Security Registrar with respect to the Global Notes shall be
the Trustee. 

(g) The Notes shall be defeasible pursuant to Section 14.02 or Section 14.03 of the Base Indenture. Covenant
defeasance contained in Section 14.03 of the Base Indenture shall apply to the covenants contained in Sections 10.07 and 10.08 of the Indenture. 

(h) The Notes shall be redeemable pursuant to Section 11.01 of the Base Indenture and as follows: 

(i) Prior to November 29, 2031 (two months prior to the maturity of the Notes) (the Par Call Date), the Notes
will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at any time, or from time to time, at the option of the Company, at a Redemption Price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal points) equal to the greater of: 

(A) 

(1) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon
discounted to the Redemption Date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months)
at the Treasury Rate plus 30 basis points less (2) interest accrued to the Redemption Date, and 

(B) 

100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date. 

(ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time on or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem some or all of the Notes, at a
Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed plus, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any Redemption Date of the Notes, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the
following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as
yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the Redemption Date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such
time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication)
(H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as
applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15
exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the
Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity
on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall
be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the Redemption Date. 

If on the third business day preceding the Redemption Date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate
based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such Redemption Date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity
that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States 

Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the
Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities
meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked
prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Notes Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury
security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

Actions and determinations made by the Company with respect to determining the Redemption Price shall be conclusive and binding for all
purposes, absent manifest error. 

(i) Notice of redemption shall be given in writing and mailed, first-class postage prepaid or by
overnight courier guaranteeing next-day delivery, to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed, not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days prior to the Redemption Date, at the Holders
address appearing in the Security Register. All notices of redemption shall contain the information set forth in Section 11.04 of the Base Indenture. 

(ii) Any exercise of the Companys option to redeem the Notes will be done in compliance with the Investment Company Act, to the
extent applicable. 

(iii) If the Company elects to redeem only a portion of the Notes, the particular Notes to be redeemed will be
selected in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Trustee and, so long as the Notes are registered to the Depositary or its nominee, the Depositary; provided, however, that no such partial redemption shall reduce the portion of the
principal amount of a Note not redeemed to less than $2,000. 

(i) Unless the Company defaults in payment of the Redemption Price, on
and after the Redemption Date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes called for redemption hereunder. 

(j) The Notes shall not
be subject to any sinking fund pursuant to Section 12.01 of the Base Indenture. 

(k) The Notes shall be issuable in
denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

(l) Holders of the Notes will not have the option to
have the Notes repaid prior to the Stated Maturity other than in accordance with Article XIII of the Indenture. 

Section 1.02. For purposes of this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, the following terms have the meanings set
forth below: 

Applicable Procedures means, with respect to any transfer, redemption, tender or exchange of or for
beneficial interests in any Global Note, the rules and procedures of the Depositary, Euroclear and/or Clearstream that apply to such transfer or exchange. 

Clearstream means Clearstream Banking, Socit Anonyme, and any successor thereto. 

Euroclear means Euroclear S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear system, and any successor thereto. 

Global Notes means, individually and collectively, each of the Global Notes, substantially in the form of Exhibit A
hereto. 

interest means, with respect to the Notes, interest on the Notes (regardless of whether so stated). 

Indirect Participant means a Person who holds a beneficial interest in a
Global Note through a Participant. 

Participant means, with respect to the Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, a
Person who has an account with the Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, respectively (and with respect to DTC, shall include Euroclear and Clearstream). 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

ARTICLE II 

DEFINITIONS
AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION 

Section 2.01. Except as may be provided in a Future
Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter
issued and Outstanding, Article I of the Base Indenture shall be amended by adding the following defined terms to Section 1.01 in appropriate alphabetical sequence, as follows: 

Below Investment Grade Rating Event means the Notes are downgraded below Investment Grade by both of the Rating Agencies on
any date from the date of the public notice of an arrangement that results in a Change of Control until the end of the 60-day period following public notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control (which
period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by either of the Rating Agencies); provided that a Below Investment Grade Rating Event otherwise arising by virtue of
a particular reduction in rating shall not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control (and thus shall not be deemed a Below Investment Grade Rating Event for purposes of the definition of Change of Control Repurchase
Event hereunder) if the Rating Agencies making the reduction in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply do not announce or publicly confirm or inform the Trustee in writing at its request that the reduction was the result, in whole or
in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control (whether or not the applicable Change of Control shall have occurred at the time of the Below Investment Grade Rating
Event). 

Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following: 

(1) the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation) in one
or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Controlled Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any person or group (as those terms are used in Section 13(d)(3) of the
Exchange Act), other than to any Permitted Holders; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, a pledge of assets pursuant to any secured debt instrument of the Company or its Controlled Subsidiaries shall not be deemed to be any such sale,
lease, transfer, conveyance or disposition; 

(2) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or
consolidation) the result of which is that any person or group (as those terms are used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) (other than any Permitted Holders) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in
Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 promulgated under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the outstanding Voting Stock of the Company, measured by voting
power rather than number of shares; or 

(3) the approval by the Companys stockholders of any plan or proposal relating to the
liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 

Change of Control Repurchase Event means the occurrence of a Change of
Control and a Below Investment Grade Rating Event. 

Controlled Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Company, 50% or
more of the outstanding equity interests of which are owned by the Company and its direct or indirect Subsidiaries and of which the Company possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies,
whether through the ownership of voting equity interests, by agreement or otherwise. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the opinions and pronouncements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the statements and
pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such other entity as have been approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, which are in effect from time to time. 

Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules, regulations and interpretations
promulgated thereunder, to the extent applicable, and any statute successor thereto. 

Investment Grade means a rating
of Baa3 or better by Moodys (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of Moodys) and BBB or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of S&P) (or, in each case, if such Rating
Agency ceases to make a rating of the Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Companys control, the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any Rating Agency selected by the Company as a replacement Rating Agency). 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service or any successor thereto. 

Permitted Holders means (i) the Company, (ii) one or more of the Companys Controlled Subsidiaries and
(iii) Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC, any Affiliate of Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC or any entity that is managed by Blackstone Credit BDC Advisors LLC that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction located in the United States of
America and in the business of managing or advising clients. 

Rating Agency means: 

(1) 

one or both of Moodys and S&P; and 

(2) 

if both Moodys and S&P cease to rate the Notes or fail to make a rating of the Notes publicly
available for reasons outside of the Companys control, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization as defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act selected by the Company as a replacement agency for either of
Moodys or S&P, as the case may be. 

S&P means S&Ps Global Ratings Services,
or any successor thereto. 

Significant Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that would be a significant
subsidiary as defined in Article 1, Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X under the Exchange Act, as such regulation is in effect on the date of this Indenture (but
excluding any Subsidiary which is (a) a non-recourse or limited recourse Subsidiary, (b) a bankruptcy remote special purpose vehicle or (c) is not consolidated with the Company for purposes of
GAAP). 

Voting Stock as applied to stock of any Person, means shares, interests, participations or other equivalents in
the equity interest (however designated) in such Person having ordinary voting power for the election of a majority of the trustees (or the equivalent) of such Person, other than shares, interests, participations or other equivalents having such
power only by reason of the occurrence of a contingency. 

Section 2.02. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental
Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and
Outstanding, Article I of the Base Indenture shall be amended by amending and restating the definitions of Business Day and Subsidiary in Section 1.01 as follows: 

Business Day means, with respect to any Note, any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which banking institutions
in New York are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 

Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee
shall mean the principal office of the Trustee at which at any particular time its corporate trust business shall be administered which office as of the date hereof is located at 111 Fillmore Avenue, St. Paul, MN 55017, Attention: Global Corporate
Trust Services Blackstone Private Credit, or such other address as to which the Trustee may give notice to the Holders and the Issuer from time to time. 

Subsidiary means (1) any corporation a majority of the outstanding
voting stock of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company or by one or more other Subsidiaries of the Company, (2) any other Person (other than a corporation) in which such Person, one or more Subsidiaries of such Person, or such
Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person, directly or indirectly, at the date of determination thereof has a majority ownership interest, or (3) a partnership in which such Person or Subsidiary of such Person is, at the time, a
general partner and in which such Person, directly or indirectly, at the date of determination thereof has a majority ownership interest. For the purposes of this definition, voting stock mean stock having voting power for the election
of trustees, whether at all times or only so long as no senior class of stock has such voting power by reason of any contingency. In addition, for purposes of this definition, Subsidiary shall exclude any investments held by the Company
in the ordinary course of business which are not, under GAAP, consolidated on the financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries. 

ARTICLE III 

SECURITIES
FORMS 

Section 3.01. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the
Notes but no other series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Article II of the Base Indenture shall
be amended by adding the following new Section 2.04 and Section 2.05 thereto, as set forth below: 

Section 2.04.Certificated Notes. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Indenture, Notes in physical, certificated form will be issued and delivered to
each person that the Depositary identifies as a beneficial owner of the related Notes only if: 

(a) the Depositary
notifies the Company at any time that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for the Notes in global form and a successor depositary is not appointed within 90 days; 

(b) the Depositary ceases to be registered as a clearing agency under the Exchange Act and a successor depositary is not
appointed within 90 days; or 

(c) an Event of Default with respect to the Notes has occurred and is continuing and
such beneficial owner requests that its Notes be issued in physical, certificated form. 

ARTICLE IV 

REMEDIES 

Section 4.01. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes but no other
series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Article V of the Base Indenture shall be amended by
replacing clauses (1) and (2) of Section 5.01 thereof with the following: 

(1) default in the payment of any interest
upon any Note when such interest becomes due and payable, and such default continues for a period of 30 days; 

(2) default in the
payment of the principal of (or premium, if any, on) any Note when it becomes due and payable at its Maturity including upon any Redemption Date or required repurchase date; 

Section 4.02. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for
the benefit of the Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding,
Section 5.01 of the Base Indenture shall be amended by replacing clause (4) thereof with the following: 

(4) 

default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant or agreement of the Company in this Indenture or the
Notes (other than a covenant or agreement a default in whose performance or whose breach is elsewhere in this Section specifically dealt with or which has expressly been included in this Indenture solely for the benefit of a series of securities
other than the Notes), and continuance of such default or breach for a period of 60 consecutive days after there has been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by the Holders of at
least 25% in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes a written notice specifying such default or breach and requiring it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default hereunder; or 

Section 4.03. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes but no other
series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Article V of the Base Indenture shall be amended by adding
as clause (9) of Section 5.01 thereof the following: 

(9) 

default by the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, with respect to any mortgage, agreement or other
instrument under which there may be outstanding, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for money borrowed in excess of $100 million in the aggregate of the Company and/or any such Significant Subsidiary, whether such
indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created (i) resulting in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable or (ii) constituting a failure to pay the principal or interest of any such debt when due and payable at
its stated maturity, upon required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise, unless, in either case, such indebtedness is discharged, or such acceleration is rescinded, stayed or annulled, within a period of 30 calendar days after
written notice of such failure is given to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then Outstanding. 

Section 4.04. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of Holders of the Notes but no other
series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Section 5.01 of the Base Indenture shall be amended by
replacing clause (7) thereof with the following: 

(7) 

if, pursuant to Section 18(a)(1)(C)(ii) and Section 61 of the Investment Company Act, on the last
business day of each of 24 consecutive calendar months, any class of securities shall have an asset coverage (as such term is used in the Investment Company Act) of less than 100% giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to the Company by the
Commission; 

Section 4.05. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit
of Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Article V of the Base
Indenture shall be amended by amending clause (6) of Section 5.01 thereof as follows: the words 90 consecutive days in the final clause thereof shall be replaced with the words 60 consecutive days. 

Section 4.06. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes but no other
series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Article V of the Base Indenture shall be amended by
replacing the first paragraph of Section 5.02 thereof with the following: 

If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes
occurs and is continuing, then and in every such case (other than an Event of Default specified in Section 5.01(5) or 5.01(6)), the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes may (and the Trustee
shall at the request of such Holders) declare the principal of all the Outstanding Notes to be due and payable immediately, by a notice in writing to the Company (and to the Trustee if given by the Holders), and upon any such

declaration such principal or specified portion thereof shall become immediately due and payable; provided that 100% of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes will
automatically become due and payable in the case of an Event of Default specified in Section 5.01(5) or 5.01(6) hereof. 

Section 4.07. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of Holders of the Notes but no other
series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Article V of the Base Indenture shall be amended by
replacing clause (3) of Section 5.12 thereof with the following: 

(3) 

the Trustee need not take any action that it determines in good faith may involve it in personal liability or
be unjustly prejudicial to the Holders of the Notes not consenting; and 

ARTICLE V 

THE TRUSTEE 

Section 5.01. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of Holders of the Notes but no other
series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now of hereafter issued and Outstanding, Article VI of the Base Indenture shall be amended by
replacing the final proviso of Section 6.01 thereof with the following: 

and provided further that in the case of any
Default or breach of the character specified in Section 5.01(4) with respect to the Securities of such series, no such notice to Holders shall be given until at least 60 days after the occurrence thereof 

ARTICLE VI 

COVENANTS

Section 6.01. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of Holders of the Notes but no
other series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Article X of the Base Indenture shall be amended by
replacing clause (1) of Section 10.05 thereof with the following: 

(1) 

The Company will deliver to the Trustee within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year ending after the date
hereof (which fiscal year ends on December 31), so long as any Notes are Outstanding hereunder, a brief Officers Certificate as to the knowledge of the signers of the Companys compliance with all of the terms, provisions or conditions of
this Indenture. For purposes of this Section 10.05, such compliance shall be determined without regard to any period of grace or requirement of notice under this Indenture. 

Section 6.02. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes but no other
series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Article X of the Base Indenture shall be amended by adding
the following new Sections 10.07 and 10.08 thereto, each as set forth below: 

Section 10.07. Section 18(a)(1)(A) of
the Investment Company Act.

The Company hereby agrees that for the period of time during which the Notes are Outstanding, the Company
will not violate, whether or not it is subject to, Section 18(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act as modified by Section 61(a) of the Investment Company Act or any successor provisions, as such obligations may be amended or superseded,
giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to us by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Section 10.08. Commission Reports and Reports to Holders. 

If, at any time, the Company is not subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act to file any periodic
reports with the Commission, the Company agrees to furnish to the Holders of the Notes and the Trustee for the period of time during which the Notes are Outstanding: (i) within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, audited
annual consolidated financial statements of the Company and (ii) within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Company (other than the Companys fourth fiscal quarter), unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of
the Company. All such financial statements shall be prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with GAAP, as applicable. 

ARTICLE VII 

CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, CONVEYANCE OR TRANSFER 

Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities
under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Article VIII of the Base Indenture shall be amended by replacing
Section 8.01 with the following: 

Section 8.01. Merger, Consolidation or Sale of Assets. 

The Company shall not merge or consolidate with or into any other Person (other than a merger of a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company into
the Company), or sell, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its property (provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, a pledge of assets pursuant to any secured debt instrument of the Company or its Controlled
Subsidiaries shall not be deemed to be any such sale, transfer, lease, conveyance or disposition) in any one transaction or series of related transactions unless: 

(1) the Company shall be the surviving Person (the Surviving Person) or the Surviving Person (if other than the Company)
formed by such merger or consolidation or to which such sale, transfer, lease, conveyance or disposition is made shall be a statutory trust, corporation or limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of the United States of
America or any state or territory thereof; 

(2) the Surviving Person (if other than the Company) expressly assumes, by supplemental
indenture in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee, executed and delivered to the Trustee by such Surviving Person, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on, all the Notes Outstanding, and the due
and punctual performance and observance of all the covenants and conditions of this Indenture to be performed by the Company; 

(3) immediately before and immediately after giving effect to such transaction or series of related transactions, no Default or Event of
Default shall have occurred and be continuing; and 

(4) the Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Trustee, an
Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such transaction and the supplemental indenture, if any, in respect thereto, comply with this Section 8.01 and that all conditions precedent in this Indenture relating to
such transaction have been complied with. 

For the purposes of this Section 8.01, the sale, transfer, lease, conveyance or other
disposition of all the property of one or more Subsidiaries of the Company, which property, if held by the Company instead of such Subsidiaries, would constitute all or substantially all the property of the Company on a consolidated basis, shall be
deemed to be the transfer of all or substantially all the property of the Company. 

ARTICLE VIII 

OFFER TO REPURCHASE UPON A CHANGE OF CONTROL REPURCHASE EVENT 

Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities
under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Article XIII of the Base Indenture shall be amended by replacing Sections 13.01
to 13.05 with the following: 

Section 13.01. Change of Control. 

If a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurs, unless the Company shall have exercised its right to redeem the Notes in full, the Company
shall make an offer to each Holder of the Notes to repurchase all or any part (in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 principal amount in excess thereof) of that Holders Notes at a repurchase price in cash equal to
100% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes repurchased to, but not including, the date of purchase. Within 30 days following any Change of Control Repurchase Event or, at
the Companys option, prior to any Change of Control, but after the public announcement of the Change of Control, the Company shall mail a notice to each Holder describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute the
Change of Control Repurchase Event and offering to repurchase Notes on the payment date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed. The notice shall, if mailed
prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the offer to purchase is conditioned on the Change of Control Repurchase Event occurring on or prior to the payment date specified in the notice. The Company shall comply with
the requirements of Rule 14e-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the
repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Repurchase Event. 

To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or
regulations conflict with this Section 13.01, the Company shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Section 13.01 by virtue of such conflict. 

On the Change of Control Repurchase Event payment date, subject to extension if necessary to comply with the provisions of the Investment
Company Act, the Company shall, to the extent lawful: 

(1) accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered
pursuant to its offer; 

(2) deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the aggregate purchase price in respect of all Notes or
portions of Notes properly tendered; and 

(3) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted, together
with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes being purchased by the Company. 

The Paying Agent will
promptly remit to each Holder of Notes properly tendered the purchase price for the Notes, and the Trustee will promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any
unpurchased portion of any Notes surrendered; provided that each new Note will be in a minimum principal amount of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

If any Repayment Date upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event falls on a day that is not a Business Day, then the required payment will be
made on the next succeeding Business Day and no additional interest will accrue as a result of such delayed payment. 

The Company will not
be required to make an offer to repurchase the Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event if a third party makes an offer in respect of the Notes in the manner, at the time and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by
the Company and such third party purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer. 

ARTICLE IX 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 9.01. This Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture and the Notes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws that would cause the application of laws of another jurisdiction. This Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture is subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act that are
required to be part of the Indenture and shall, to the extent applicable, be governed by such provisions. All of the provisions contained in the Indenture in respect to the rights, privileges, immunities, indemnities, protections, powers and duties
of the Trustee shall be applicable in respect of this Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture as fully and with like effect as if set forth herein in full. 

Section 9.02. In case any provision in this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture or
in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

Section 9.03. This Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be an original, but such
counterparts will together constitute but one and the same Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture. The exchange of copies of this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile, .pdf transmission, email or other electronic means
shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile, .pdf transmission, email or other electronic means shall be deemed to be their
original signatures for all purposes. For the avoidance of doubt, all notices, approvals, consents, requests and any communications hereunder or with respect to this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture must be in writing (provided that any
communication sent to Trustee hereunder must be in the form of a document that is signed manually or by way of a digital signature provided by DocuSign or Adobe (or such other digital signature provider as specified in writing to Trustee by the
authorized representative), in English. The Company agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of using digital signatures and electronic methods to submit communications to Trustee, including without limitation the risk of Trustee acting on
unauthorized instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties. 

Section 9.04. The Base Indenture, as
supplemented and amended by this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and the Base Indenture and this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture shall be read, taken and construed as one and the same instrument with
respect to the Notes. All provisions included in this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture supersede any conflicting provisions included in the Base Indenture with respect to the Notes, unless not permitted by law. The Trustee accepts the trusts
created by the Base Indenture, as supplemented by this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, and agrees to perform the same upon the terms and conditions of the Base Indenture, as supplemented by this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture. 

Section 9.05. The provisions of this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture shall become effective as of the date hereof. 

Section 9.06. Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary herein, the terms and provisions of this Eighteenth Supplemental
Indenture shall apply only to the Notes and shall not apply to any other series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto) and this Eighteenth Supplemental
Indenture shall not and does not otherwise affect, modify, alter, supplement or change the terms and provisions of any other series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures
supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding. 

Section 9.07. The recitals contained herein and in the
Notes shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for their correctness. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, the Notes or
any Additional Notes, except that the Trustee represents that it is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, authenticate the Notes and any Additional Notes and perform its obligations hereunder. The Trustee
shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Company of the Notes or any Additional Notes or the proceeds thereof. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture to
be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

BLACKSTONE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND

By: 

/s/ Brad Marshall

Name: Brad Marshall

Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

/s/ Glen A. Fougere

Name: Glen A. Fougere

Title: Vice President

[Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture Signature Page] 

Exhibit A Form of Global Note 

This Security is a Global Note within the meaning of the Indenture hereinafter referred to and is registered in the name of The Depository Trust Company or
a nominee thereof. This Security may not be exchanged in whole or in part for a Security registered, and no transfer of this Security in whole or in part may be registered, in the name of any Person other than The Depository Trust Company or a
nominee thereof, except in the limited circumstances described in the Indenture. 

Unless this certificate is presented by an authorized
representative of The Depository Trust Company to the issuer or its agent for registration of transfer, exchange or payment and such certificate issued in exchange for this certificate is registered in the name of Cede & Co., or such other
name as requested by an authorized representative of The Depository Trust Company, any transfer, pledge or other use hereof for value or otherwise by or to any person is wrongful, as the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest
herein. 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund 

No. $

CUSIP No. 

ISIN No. 

6.000% Notes due 2032 

Blackstone Private Credit Fund, a Delaware statutory trust duly organized and existing under the laws of Delaware (herein called the
Company, which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of
(U.S. $ ) on January 29, 2032 and to pay interest thereon from July 29, 2025 or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for,
semi-annually on January 29 and July 29 of each year, commencing July 29, 2025, at the rate of 6.000% per annum, until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment. The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly
provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Security is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest, which shall be January 15 and
July 15 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding such Interest Payment Date. Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date
and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Security is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice whereof shall be given to Holders of
Securities of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Securities of this series may be
listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in said Indenture. This Security may be issued as part of a series. 

Payment of the principal of (and premium, if any, on) and any such interest on this Security will be made at the office of the Trustee located
at 111 Fillmore Ave., St. Paul, MN 55107 and at such other address as designated by the Trustee, in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts;
provided, however, that at the option of the Company payment of interest may be made by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register; provided, further,
however, that so long as this Security is registered to Cede & Co., such payment will be made by wire transfer in accordance with the procedures established by The Depository Trust Company and the Trustee. 

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all
purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the
Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual signature, this Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this
instrument to be duly executed. 

Dated: January 29, 2025 

BLACKSTONE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND

By: 

Name: Brad Marshall

Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer

Attest 

By: 

Name: Oran Ebel

Title: Chief Legal Officer and Secretary

This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the
within-mentioned Indenture. 

Dated: January 29, 2025 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Blackstone Private Credit Fund 

6.000% Notes due 2032 

This
Security is one of a duly authorized issue of Senior Securities of the Company (herein called the Securities), issued and to be issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2021 (herein called
the Base Indenture, which term shall have the meaning assigned to it in such instrument), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee (herein called the Trustee, which term
includes any successor trustee under the Base Indenture), and reference is hereby made to the Base Indenture for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee, and
the Holders of the Securities and of the terms upon which the Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered, as amended and supplemented by the Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 29, 2025, by and between the
Company and the Trustee (herein called the Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, and the Base Indenture together with the Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture are herein called the Indenture). In the event of any
conflict between the Base Indenture and the Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, the Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture shall govern and control. 

This Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially limited in aggregate principal amount to $1,000,000,000. Under a
Board Resolution, Officers Certificate pursuant to Board Resolutions or an indenture supplement, the Company may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders of Securities, issue additional Securities of this series (in any such case
Additional Securities) having the same ranking and the same interest rate, maturity and other terms as the Securities (except for the issue date, public offering price, and, if applicable, the initial Interest Payment Date),
provided that, if such Additional Securities are not fungible with the initial Securities (or any other tranche of Additional Securities) for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then such Additional Securities will have different CUSIP numbers from
the initial Securities (and any such other tranche of Additional Securities). Any Additional Securities and the existing Securities will constitute a single series under the Indenture and all references to the relevant Securities herein shall
include the Additional Securities unless the context otherwise requires. The aggregate amount of outstanding Securities represented hereby may from time to time be reduced or increased, as appropriate, to reflect exchanges and redemptions. 

The Securities of this series are subject to redemption prior to November 29, 2031 (two months prior to the maturity of the Notes) (the
Par Call Date) in whole or in part at any time or from time to time, at the option of the Company, at a Redemption Price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal points) equal to the greater of:

(A) (1) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the
Redemption Date (assuming the Securities matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the
Treasury Rate plus 30 basis points less (2) interest accrued to the Redemption Date, and 

(B) 100% of the principal amount of
the Securities to be redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time on or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem some or all of the Securities, at any time
and from time to time, at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Securities to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any Redemption Date of the Notes, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the
following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or
after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the Redemption Date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that
appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or
publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall
select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant
maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately
longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or
maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the Redemption Date. 

If on the third business day preceding the Redemption Date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate
based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such Redemption Date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity
that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call
Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or
more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury
securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Notes Treasury Rate in
accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00
a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

Actions and determinations made
by the Company with respect to determining the Redemption Price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 

Notice of redemption shall be given in writing and mailed, first-class postage prepaid or by overnight courier guaranteeing next-day delivery, to each Holder of the Securities to be redeemed, not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days prior to the Redemption Date, at the Holders address appearing in the Security
Register. All notices of redemption shall contain the information set forth in Section 11.04 of the Base Indenture. 

Any exercise of
the Companys option to redeem the Securities will be done in compliance with the Investment Company Act, to the extent applicable. 

If the Company elects to redeem only a portion of the Securities, the particular Securities to be redeemed will be selected in accordance with
the applicable procedures of the Trustee and, so long as the Securities are registered to the Depositary or its nominee, the Depositary. In the event of redemption of this Security in part only, a new Security or Securities of this series and of
like tenor for the unredeemed portion hereof will be issued in the name of the Holder hereof upon the cancellation hereof; provided, however, that no such partial redemption shall reduce the portion of the principal amount of a
Security not redeemed to less than $2,000. 

Unless the Company defaults in payment of the Redemption Price, on and after the Redemption
Date, interest will cease to accrue on the Securities called for redemption. 

Holders will have the right to require the Company to repurchase their Securities upon the
occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event as set forth in the Indenture. 

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any
time of the entire indebtedness of this Security or certain restrictive covenants and Events of Default with respect to this Security, in each case upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture. 

If an Event of Default with respect to Securities of this series shall occur and be continuing (other than Events of Default related to
certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization as set forth in the Indenture), the principal of the Securities of this series may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. In the case of
certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization described in the Indenture, 100% of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Securities will automatically become due and payable. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the
Securities at the time Outstanding of each series to be affected. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in principal amount of the Securities of each series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the
Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Security
shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any Security issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or
waiver is made upon this Security. 

As provided in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder of this Security shall not
have the right to institute any proceeding with respect to the Indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or for any other remedy thereunder, unless such Holder shall have previously given the Trustee written notice of a continuing
Event of Default with respect to the Securities of this series, the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Securities of this series at the time Outstanding shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in
respect of such Event of Default as Trustee and offered the Trustee indemnity, security, or both, satisfactory to the Trustee, against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred in compliance with such request, and the Trustee shall not have
received from the Holders of a majority in principal amount of Securities of this series at the time Outstanding a direction inconsistent with such request, and shall have failed to institute any such proceeding, for sixty (60) days after
receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity and/or security. The foregoing shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Holder of this Security for the enforcement of any payment of principal hereof or any premium or interest hereon on
or after the respective due dates expressed herein. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Security or of the
Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and any premium and interest on this Security at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Security is registrable in the
Security Register, upon surrender of this Security for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company in any place where the principal of and any premium and interest on this Security are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by
a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Securities of this series and of like
tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. 

The Securities of this series are issuable only in registered form without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiples of
$1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Securities of this series are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Securities of this series and of like tenor of a
different authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the
Company or Trustee may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

Prior to due presentment of this Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee
may treat the Person in whose name this Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

All terms used in this Security which are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

To the extent any provision of this Security conflicts with the express provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall
govern and be controlling. 

The Indenture and this Security shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
New York, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. 

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES AND DECREASES OF THE GLOBAL NOTE 

The initial outstanding principal amount of this Global Note is $. The following increases and decreases to
this Global Note, have been made: 

Date of Increase

or Decrease 

Amount of

Decrease in

Principal Amount

at Maturity of this

Global
Note 

Amount of

Increase in

Principal Amount

at Maturity of this

Global
Note 

Principal Amount at

Maturity of this

Global Note

following such

Decrease (or

Increase) 

Signature of

authorized

officer of Trustee

or
Note

Custodian

C-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>bcred-20250129.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
1001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:calculationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.CAL
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>bcred-20250129_cal.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>bcred-20250129_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>bcred-20250129_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Entity File Number 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>bcred-20250129_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 29, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 29, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Blackstone Private Credit Fund

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10154

Entity Address, Address Line One 345 Park Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two 31st Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 503-2100

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 814-01358

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-7071531

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0001803498

Amendment Flag false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

N-2

Jan. 29, 2025 

USD ($)

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Central Index Key 0001803498

Amendment Flag false

Securities Act File Number 814-01358

Document Type 8-K

Entity Registrant Name Blackstone Private Credit Fund

Entity Address, Address Line One 345 Park Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two 31st Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10154

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 503-2100

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Capital Stock, Long-Term Debt, and Other Securities [Abstract] 

Long Term Debt [Table Text Block] 

On January 29, 2025, Blackstone Private Credit Fund (the 

Fund) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (the 

Trustee) entered into an eighteenth supplemental indenture (the 

Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture (defined herein), the 

Indenture) related to the $1,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of its 6.000% notes due 2032 (the 

Notes), which supplements that certain Base Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2021 (as may be further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the 

Base Indenture). 

The Notes will mature on January 29, 2032 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Funds option at any time and from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the Indenture. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 6.000% per year payable semi-annually on January 29 and July 29 of each year, commencing on July 29, 2025. The Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Fund that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Funds existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, rank

pari passu with all existing and future unsecured indebtedness issued by the Fund that are not so subordinated, rank effectively junior to any of the Funds secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Fund later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Funds subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 

The Indenture contains certain covenants, including covenants requiring the Fund to comply with the asset coverage requirements of Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, whether or not it is subject to those requirements, and to provide financial information to the holders of the Notes and the Trustee if the Fund is no longer subject to the reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are described in the Indenture. 

In addition, on the occurrence of a change of control repurchase event, as defined in the Indenture, the Fund will generally be required to make an offer to purchase the outstanding Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of such Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest to the repurchase date. 

Long Term Debt, Title [Text Block] Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture

Long Term Debt, Principal $ 1,000,000,000

Long Term Debt, Structuring [Text Block] 

On January 29, 2025, Blackstone Private Credit Fund (the 

Fund) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (the 

Trustee) entered into an eighteenth supplemental indenture (the 

Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture (defined herein), the 

Indenture) related to the $1,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of its 6.000% notes due 2032 (the 

Notes), which supplements that certain Base Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2021 (as may be further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the 

Base Indenture). 

The Notes will mature on January 29, 2032 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Funds option at any time and from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the Indenture. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 6.000% per year payable semi-annually on January 29 and July 29 of each year, commencing on July 29, 2025. The Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Fund that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Funds existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, rank

pari passu with all existing and future unsecured indebtedness issued by the Fund that are not so subordinated, rank effectively junior to any of the Funds secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Fund later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Funds subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 

Long Term Debt, Dividends and Covenants [Text Block] The Indenture contains certain covenants, including covenants requiring the Fund to comply with the asset coverage requirements of Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, whether or not it is subject to those requirements, and to provide financial information to the holders of the Notes and the Trustee if the Fund is no longer subject to the reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are described in the Indenture.

X

- References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Form N-2

-Section Item 10

+ Details

Name: cef_CapitalStockLongTermDebtAndOtherSecuritiesAbstract

Namespace Prefix: cef_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Form N-2

-Section Item 10

-Subsection 2

-Paragraph b

+ Details

Name: cef_LongTermDebtDividendsAndCovenantsTextBlock

Namespace Prefix: cef_

Data Type: dtr-types:textBlockItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Form N-2

-Section Item 10

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: cef_LongTermDebtPrincipal

Namespace Prefix: cef_

Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Form N-2

-Section Item 10

-Subsection 2

-Paragraph a

+ Details

Name: cef_LongTermDebtStructuringTextBlock

Namespace Prefix: cef_

Data Type: dtr-types:textBlockItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Form N-2

-Section Item 10

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: cef_LongTermDebtTableTextBlock

Namespace Prefix: cef_

Data Type: dtr-types:textBlockItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Form N-2

-Section Item 10

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: cef_LongTermDebtTitleTextBlock

Namespace Prefix: cef_

Data Type: dtr-types:textBlockItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
25 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
1 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
1001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://www.test.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
R2.htm 
995470 - Disclosure - N-2 
Sheet 
http://xbrl.sec.gov/cef/role/N2 
N-2 
Notes 
2 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bcred-20250129.xsd 
bcred-20250129_cal.xml 
bcred-20250129_def.xml 
bcred-20250129_lab.xml 
bcred-20250129_pre.xml 
d804183d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/cef/2024 
http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-015836-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>d804183d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001803498 

2025-01-29 
2025-01-29 

iso4217:USD 

0001803498 
false 
8-K 
2025-01-29 
Blackstone Private Credit Fund 
DE 
814-01358 
84-7071531 
345 Park Avenue 
31st Floor 
New York 
NY 
10154 
212 
503-2100 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
On January 29, 2025, Blackstone Private Credit Fund (the Fund ) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (the Trustee ) entered into an eighteenth supplemental indenture (the Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture (defined herein), the Indenture ) related to the $1,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of its 6.000% notes due 2032 (the Notes ), which supplements that certain Base Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2021 (as may be further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Base Indenture ). The Notes will mature on January 29, 2032 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Funds option at any time and from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the Indenture. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 6.000% per year payable semi-annually on January 29 and July 29 of each year, commencing on July 29, 2025. The Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Fund that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Funds existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, rank pari passu with all existing and future unsecured indebtedness issued by the Fund that are not so subordinated, rank effectively junior to any of the Funds secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Fund later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Funds subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. The Indenture contains certain covenants, including covenants requiring the Fund to comply with the asset coverage requirements of Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, whether or not it is subject to those requirements, and to provide financial information to the holders of the Notes and the Trustee if the Fund is no longer subject to the reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are described in the Indenture. In addition, on the occurrence of a change of control repurchase event, as defined in the Indenture, the Fund will generally be required to make an offer to purchase the outstanding Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of such Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest to the repurchase date. 
On January 29, 2025, Blackstone Private Credit Fund (the Fund ) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (the Trustee ) entered into an eighteenth supplemental indenture (the Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture (defined herein), the Indenture ) related to the $1,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of its 6.000% notes due 2032 (the Notes ), which supplements that certain Base Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2021 (as may be further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Base Indenture ). The Notes will mature on January 29, 2032 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Funds option at any time and from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the Indenture. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 6.000% per year payable semi-annually on January 29 and July 29 of each year, commencing on July 29, 2025. The Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Fund that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Funds existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, rank pari passu with all existing and future unsecured indebtedness issued by the Fund that are not so subordinated, rank effectively junior to any of the Funds secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Fund later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Funds subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture 
1000000000 
The Indenture contains certain covenants, including covenants requiring the Fund to comply with the asset coverage requirements of Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, whether or not it is subject to those requirements, and to provide financial information to the holders of the Notes and the Trustee if the Fund is no longer subject to the reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are described in the Indenture.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>