<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-001944.txt : 20250127
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-001944.hdr.sgml : 20250127
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250127080410
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-001944
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250123
<DEPOSITOR-CIK>0001463814
<SPONSOR-CIK>0001540252
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250127
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250127
ABS ASSET CLASS:             	Auto loans

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Mercedes-Benz Auto Receivables Trust 2025-1
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002044492
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	Office of Structured Finance
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-266303-05
		FILM NUMBER:		25555806

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		35555 W. TWELVE MILE RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			FARMINGTON HILLS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48331
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(248) 991-6700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		35555 W. TWELVE MILE RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			FARMINGTON HILLS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48331
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ef20042316_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) January 23, 2025

Mercedes-Benz Auto Receivables Trust 2025-1

(Exact name of Issuing Entity as specified in its charter)

Central Index Key Number of Issuing Entity: 0002044492

Mercedes-Benz Retail Receivables LLC

(Exact name of Depositor as specified in its charter)

Central Index Key Number of Depositor: 0001463814

Mercedes-Benz Financial Services USA LLC

(Exact name of Sponsor as specified in its charter)

Central Index Key Number of Sponsor: 0001540252

State of Delaware 

333-266303-05 

33-6416826

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

35555 W. Twelve Mile Road, Suite 100

Farmington Hills, Michigan 

48331

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (248) 991-6700

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Not applicable 

Not applicable 

Not applicable

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange
Act. 

Section 1 Registrants Business and Operations

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

In connection with the Asset Backed Notes (the Notes) issued by Mercedes-Benz Auto Receivables Trust 2025-1 (the Issuer) on January 23, 2025, the Issuer and/or Mercedes-Benz Retail Receivables LLC (Mercedes-Benz
Retail Receivables) entered into at closing the agreements listed below in Item 9.01 which are exhibits to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Section 9 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(a) 

Not applicable.

(b) 

Not applicable.

(c) 

Not applicable.

(d) 

Exhibits:

4.1 

Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2025, between the Issuer and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as indenture trustee (the Indenture Trustee).

4.2 

Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025, between Mercedes-Benz Retail Receivables and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as owner trustee.

10.1 

Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025, among the Issuer, Mercedes-Benz Retail Receivables and Mercedes-Benz Financial Services USA LLC (MBFS USA), as seller (in such capacity, the Seller) and as servicer (in such
capacity, the Servicer).

10.2 

Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025, between the Seller and Mercedes-Benz Retail Receivables, as purchaser.

10.3 

Asset Representations Review Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025, among the Issuer, MBFS USA, as administrator (the Administrator), the Servicer and Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC, as asset representations reviewer.

10.4 

Administration Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025, among the Issuer, the Administrator, Mercedes-Benz Retail Receivables and the Indenture Trustee.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

MERCEDES-BENZ RETAIL RECEIVABLES LLC, as Depositor

By: 

/s/ Steven C. Poling

Steven C. Poling

Assistant Secretary

Date: January 24, 2025 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ef20042316_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

$1,310,070,000

Asset Backed Notes

MERCEDES-BENZ AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1,

as Issuer,

and

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Indenture Trustee

INDENTURE

Dated as of January 1, 2025

CROSS REFERENCE TABLE*

TIA

Section 

Indenture

Section

310 

(a)(1) 

6.11

(a)(2) 

6.11

(a)(3) 

6.10; 6.11

(a)(4) 

N.A.**

(a)(5) 

6.11

(b) 

6.08; 6.11

311 

(a) 

6.12

(b) 

6.12

312 

(a) 

7.01

(b) 

7.01

(c) 

7.01

313 

(a) 

7.04

(b)(1) 

7.04

(b)(2) 

7.04

(c) 

7.04; 11.05

(d) 

7.04

314 

(a) 

3.09; 7.03

(b) 

3.06; 11.16

(c)(1) 

11.01

(c)(2) 

11.01

(c)(3) 

11.01

(d) 

11.01

(e) 

11.01

(f) 

11.01

315 

(a) 

6.01

(b) 

6.05; 11.01

(c) 

6.01

(d) 

6.01

(e) 

5.13

316 

(a) 

1.01

(a)(1)(A) 

5.11

(a)(1)(B) 

5.12

(a)(2) 

N.A.

(b) 

5.07

(c) 

N.A.

317 

(a)(1) 

5.03

(a)(2) 

5.03

(b) 

3.03

318 

(a) 

11.07

* 

This Cross Reference Table shall not, for any purpose, be deemed to be part of this Indenture.

** 

N.A. means Not Applicable.

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page

ARTICLE ONE 

DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 

Section 1.01. 

Capitalized Terms; Rules of Usage 

2

Section 1.02. 

Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act 

2

ARTICLE TWO 

THE NOTES 

Section 2.01. 

Form 

3

Section 2.02. 

Execution, Authentication and Delivery 

3

Section 2.03. 

Temporary Notes 

4

Section 2.04. 

Tax Treatment 

4

Section 2.05. 

Registration; Registration of Transfer and Exchange 

4

Section 2.06. 

Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes 7

Section 2.07. 

Persons Deemed Owner 

7

Section 2.08. 

Payment of Principal and Interest 8

Section 2.09. 

Cancellation 

11

Section 2.10. 

Book-Entry Notes 

12

Section 2.11. 

Notices to Clearing Agency 

12

Section 2.12. 

Definitive Notes 

12

Section 2.13. 

Release of Collateral 

13

Section 2.14. 

FATCA 

13

Section 2.15. 

Authenticating Agents 

13

Section 2.16. 

Benchmark Determination 

14

ARTICLE THREE 

COVENANTS 

Section 3.01. 

Payment of Principal and Interest 

16

Section 3.02. 

Maintenance of Office or Agency 

16

Section 3.03. 

Money for Payments to be Held in Trust 

16

Section 3.04. 

Existence 

17

Section 3.05. 

Protection of Trust Estate 

18

Section 3.06. 

Opinions as to Trust Estate 

18

Section 3.07. 

Performance of Obligations; Servicing of Receivables 

19

Section 3.08. 

Negative Covenants 

20

Section 3.09. 

Annual Statement as to Compliance 

21

Section 3.10. 

Issuer May Consolidate Etc., Only on Certain Terms 

21

Section 3.11. 

Successor or Transferee 

23

i

Page

Section 3.12. 

Servicers Obligations 

23

Section 3.13. 

Guarantees, Loans, Advances and Other Liabilities 

23

Section 3.14. 

Capital Expenditures 

24

Section 3.15. 

Removal of Administrator 

24

Section 3.16. 

Restricted Payments 

24

Section 3.17. 

Notice of Events of Default 

24

Section 3.18. 

Further Instruments and Acts 

24

Section 3.19. 

Compliance with Laws 

24

Section 3.20. 

Amendments of Sale and Servicing Agreement and Trust Agreement 

24

ARTICLE FOUR 

SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE 

Section 4.01. 

Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture 

25

Section 4.02. 

Satisfaction, Discharge and Defeasance of the Notes 

26

Section 4.03. 

Application of Trust Money 

27

Section 4.04. 

Repayment of Monies Held by Paying Agent 

27

ARTICLE FIVE 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT; REMEDIES 

Section 5.01. 

Events of Default 

28

Section 5.02. 

Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment 

29

Section 5.03. 

Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Indenture Trustee 30

Section 5.04. 

Remedies 

31

Section 5.05. 

Optional Preservation of the Trust Estate 

32

Section 5.06. 

Limitation of Suits 

33

Section 5.07. 

Unconditional Rights of Noteholders to Receive Principal and Interest 

33

Section 5.08. 

Restoration of Rights and Remedies 

33

Section 5.09. 

Rights and Remedies Cumulative 

34

Section 5.10. 

Delay or Omission Not a Waiver 

34

Section 5.11. 

Control by Noteholders 

34

Section 5.12. 

Waiver of Past Defaults 

34

Section 5.13. 

Undertaking for Costs 

35

Section 5.14. 

Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws 

35

Section 5.15. 

Action on Notes 

35

Section 5.16. 

Performance and Enforcement of Certain Obligations 

35

Section 5.17. 

Sale of Trust Estate 

36

ii

Page

ARTICLE SIX 

THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE 

Section 6.01. 

Duties of Indenture Trustee 

37

Section 6.02. 

Rights of Indenture Trustee 

38

Section 6.03. 

Individual Rights of Indenture Trustee 

40

Section 6.04. 

Indenture Trustees Disclaimer 

40

Section 6.05. 

Notice of Defaults; Notice of Repurchase Requests 

40

Section 6.06. 

Reports and Documents by Indenture Trustee to Noteholders 

41

Section 6.07. 

Compensation and Indemnity 42

Section 6.08. 

Replacement of Indenture Trustee 

42

Section 6.09. 

Successor Indenture Trustee by Merger 

43

Section 6.10. 

Appointment of Co-Trustee or Separate Trustee 

44

Section 6.11. 

Eligibility; Disqualification 

45

Section 6.12. 

Preferential Collection of Claims Against Issuer 

45

Section 6.13. 

Representations and Warranties of Indenture Trustee 

45

Section 6.14. 

Furnishing of Monthly Investor Reports and Other Documents 

46

Section 6.15. 

Encryption 

46

ARTICLE SEVEN 

NOTEHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS AND REPORTS 

Section 7.01. 

Noteholder List and Noteholder Communications 

47

Section 7.02. 

Noteholder Demand for Asset Representations Review 

48

Section 7.03. 

Reports by Issuer 

49

Section 7.04. 

Reports by Indenture Trustee 

49

ARTICLE EIGHT 

ACCOUNTS, DISBURSEMENTS AND RELEASES 

Section 8.01. 

Collection of Money 

50

Section 8.02. 

Accounts 

50

Section 8.03. 

General Provisions Regarding Accounts 

51

Section 8.04. 

Release of Trust Estate 

52

Section 8.05. 

Opinion of Counsel 

52

ARTICLE NINE 

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES 

Section 9.01. 

Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Noteholders 

53

Section 9.02. 

Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Noteholders 

54

Section 9.03. 

Execution of Supplemental Indentures 

56

iii

Page

Section 9.04. 

Effect of Supplemental Indenture 

56

Section 9.05. 

Conformity with Trust Indenture Act 

56

Section 9.06. 

Reference in Notes to Supplemental Indentures 56

ARTICLE TEN 

REDEMPTION OF NOTES 

Section 10.01. 

Redemption 57

Section 10.02. 

Form of Redemption Notice 5

Section 10.03. 

Notes Payable on Redemption Date 58

ARTICLE ELEVEN 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 11.01. 

Compliance Certificates and Opinions, Etc 59

Section 11.02. 

Form of Documents Delivered to Indenture Trustee 60

Section 11.03. 

Acts of Noteholders 61

Section 11.04. 

Notices, etc., to Indenture Trustee, Issuer, Depositor and Rating Agencies 62

Section 11.05. 

Notices to Noteholders; Waiver 62

Section 11.06. 

Alternate Payment and Notice Provisions 63

Section 11.07. 

Conflict with Trust Indenture Act 63

Section 11.08. 

Effect of Headings and Table of Contents 663

Section 11.09. 

Successors and Assigns 63

Section 11.10. 

Severability 63

Section 11.11. 

Benefits of Indenture; Third Party Beneficiaries 63

Section 11.12. 

Legal Holidays 63

Section 11.13. 

GOVERNING LAW 64

Section 11.14. 

WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 64

Section 11.15. 

Counterparts 64

Section 11.16. 

Recording of Indenture 64

Section 11.17. 

Trust Obligation 64

Section 11.18. 

No Petition 65

Section 11.19. 

No Recourse 65

Section 11.20. 

Inspection 66

Section 11.21. 

Subordination Agreement 66

Section 11.22. 

Security Interest Matters 66

Section 11.23. 

Electronic Signatures 67

EXHIBITS

Exhibit A Form of Notes 

A-1

Exhibit B Form of Repurchase Request Notice 

B-1

iv

This INDENTURE, dated as of January 1, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this Indenture), is between MERCEDES-BENZ AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1, a Delaware statutory
trust (the Issuer), and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, not in its individual capacity but solely as trustee (the Indenture Trustee).

Each party agrees as follows for the benefit of the other party and for the equal and ratable benefit of the holders of the Issuers 0.000% Class A1 Asset Backed Notes (the Class A1 Notes), 4.50% Class A2A Asset
Backed Notes (the Class A2A Notes), SOFR Rate + 0.32 % Class A2B Asset Backed Notes (the Class A2B Notes), 4.78% Class A3 Asset Backed Notes (the Class A3 Notes) and 4.92% Class A4 Asset Backed Notes (the Class A4 Notes and, together
with the Class A1 Notes, the Class A2A Notes, the Class A2B Notes and the Class A3 Notes, the Notes):

GRANTING CLAUSE

The Issuer hereby Grants to the Indenture Trustee on the Closing Date, on behalf of and for the benefit of the Noteholders, without recourse, all of its right, title and interest in, to and under the following assets,
in each case, whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising, (i) the Receivables, (ii) all amounts due and collected on or in respect of the Receivables after the Cutoff Date, (iii) the security interests in the Financed Vehicles
granted by the Obligors pursuant to the Receivables, (iv) all proceeds from claims on any physical damage or theft insurance policies and extended warranties covering the Financed Vehicles and any proceeds of any credit life or credit disability
insurance policies relating to the Receivables, the Financed Vehicles or the Obligors, (v) the Receivable Files, (vi) the Collection Account, the Note Payment Account, the Reserve Fund and all amounts, securities, Financial Assets, investments and
other property deposited in or credited to any of the foregoing and all proceeds thereof, (vii) all rights of the Depositor under the Receivables Purchase Agreement, including the right to require the Seller to repurchase certain Receivables from
the Depositor, (viii) any proceeds of Dealer Recourse, (ix) all rights of the Issuer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, including the right to require the Seller to repurchase or the Servicer to purchase certain Receivables from the Issuer,
(x) the right to realize upon any property (including the right to receive future Net Liquidation Proceeds and Recoveries) that shall have secured a Receivable and have been repossessed by or on behalf of the Issuer, (xi) all of the Issuers rights
and benefits under the First-Tier Assignment (but none of its obligations or burdens) and (xii) all present and future claims, demands, causes of action and choses in action in respect of any or all of the foregoing, and all payments on or under
and all proceeds of every kind and nature whatsoever in respect of any or all of the foregoing, including all proceeds of the conversion thereof, voluntary or involuntary, into cash or other liquid property, all accounts, accounts receivable,
general intangibles, chattel paper, documents, money, investment property, deposit accounts, notes, drafts, acceptances, letters of credit, letter of credit rights, Insurance Proceeds, condemnation awards, rights to payment of any and every kind
and other forms of obligations and receivables, instruments and other property which at any time constitute all or part of or are included in the proceeds of any of the foregoing (collectively, the Collateral).

The foregoing Grant is made in trust to secure the payment of principal of and interest on, and any other amounts owing in respect of, the Notes, equally and ratably without prejudice, priority or distinction, except
as otherwise provided in this Indenture and the other Basic Documents and to secure compliance with the provisions of this Indenture for the benefit of the Noteholders, all as provided in this Indenture.

The Indenture Trustee, as trustee on behalf of the Noteholders, acknowledges such Grant, accepts the trusts under this Indenture in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture and agrees to perform its duties as
required in this Indenture in accordance with the terms hereof. The Issuer hereby authorizes the filing of a financing statement against the Issuer describing the Collateral as constituting all assets of the Issuer as debtor, including its present
and future right, title and interest in, to and under (but not, except to the extent required by law, any obligations with respect to) such assets whether now owned or existing or hereafter arising or acquired and wheresoever located.

ARTICLE ONE

DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE

Section 1.01. Capitalized Terms; Rules of Usage. Capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated
as of January 1, 2025, among the Issuer, Mercedes-Benz Retail Receivables LLC, as depositor, and Mercedes-Benz Financial Services USA LLC, as seller and servicer, which Appendix is hereby incorporated into
and made a part of this Indenture. Appendix A also contains rules as to usage applicable to this Indenture.

Section 1.02. Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act. Whenever this Indenture refers to a provision of the TIA, that provision is incorporated by reference
in and made a part of this Indenture. The following TIA terms used in this Indenture have the following meanings:

indenture securities means the Notes.

indenture security holder means a Noteholder.

indenture to be qualified means this Indenture.

indenture trustee or institutional trustee means the Indenture Trustee.

obligor on the indenture securities means the Issuer and any other obligor on the indenture securities.

All other TIA terms used in this Indenture that are defined in the TIA, defined by TIA reference to another statute or defined by Commission rule have the meaning assigned to them by such definitions.

2

ARTICLE TWO

THE NOTES

Section 2.01. Form.

(a)The Class A1 Notes, the Class A2A Notes, the Class A2B Notes, the Class A3 Notes and the Class A4 Notes, in each case
together with the Indenture Trustees certificate of authentication, shall be issued in definitive form in substantially the form set forth in Exhibit A, with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as are
required or permitted by this Indenture, and may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such legends or endorsements placed thereon as may, consistently herewith, be determined by the Authorized Officer of the Issuer
executing such Notes, as evidenced by his or her execution of the Notes. Any portion of the text of any Note may be set forth on the reverse thereof, with an appropriate reference thereto on the face of the Note. The terms of the Notes as set
forth in Exhibit A are part of the terms of this Indenture. Except as provided in Section 2.12, owners of beneficial interests in Book-Entry Notes will not be entitled to receive physical delivery of Definitive Notes.

(b)The Notes shall be typewritten, printed, lithographed or engraved or produced by any combination of these methods (with or
without steel engraved borders), all as determined by the Authorized Officers executing such Notes, as evidenced by their execution of such Notes.

Section 2.02. Execution, Authentication and Delivery.

(a)The Notes shall be executed on behalf of the Issuer by any of its Authorized Officers. The signature of any such Authorized
Officer on the Notes may be manual or facsimile. Notes bearing the manual or facsimile signature of individuals who were at any time Authorized Officers of the Issuer shall bind the Issuer, notwithstanding that such individuals or any of them
have ceased to hold such offices prior to the authentication and delivery of such Notes or did not hold such offices on the date of such Notes.

(b) The Indenture Trustee shall, upon Issuer Order, authenticate and deliver for original issue the following aggregate principal amounts of Notes: (i) $228,300,000
of Class A1 Notes, (ii) $155,680,000 of Class A2A Notes, (iii) $355,000,000 of Class A2B Notes, (iv) $480,680,000 of Class A3 Notes and (v) $90,410,000 of Class A4 Notes. The aggregate principal amount of Class A1 Notes, Class A2A Notes,
Class A-2B Notes, Class A3 Notes and Class A4 Notes Outstanding at any time may not exceed such respective amounts except as provided in Section 2.06.

(c)Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication. The Notes shall be issuable as registered Notes in minimum
denominations of $1,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.

(d)No Note shall be entitled to any benefit under this Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose, unless there appears
on such Note a certificate of authentication substantially in the form provided for herein executed by the Indenture Trustee by the manual signature of one of its authorized signatories, and such certificate upon any Note shall be conclusive
evidence, and the only evidence, that such Note has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder.

3

Section 2.03. Temporary Notes.

(a)Pending the preparation of Definitive Notes pursuant to Section 2.12, the Issuer may execute, and upon receipt of an Issuer
Order the Indenture Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, temporary Notes that are printed, lithographed, typewritten, mimeographed or otherwise produced, of the tenor of the Definitive Notes in lieu of which they are issued and with such
variations not inconsistent with the terms of this Indenture as the officers executing such Notes may determine, as evidenced by their execution of such Notes.

(b)If temporary Notes are issued, the Issuer shall cause Definitive Notes to be prepared without unreasonable delay. After the
preparation of Definitive Notes, the temporary Notes shall be exchangeable for Definitive Notes upon surrender of the temporary Notes at the office or agency of the Issuer to be maintained as provided in Section 3.02, without charge to the
related Noteholder. Upon surrender for cancellation of any one or more temporary Notes, the Issuer shall execute, and the Indenture Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in exchange therefor, a like tenor and principal amount of Definitive
Notes of the same Class in authorized denominations. Until so exchanged, the temporary Notes shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture as Definitive Notes.

Section 2.04. Tax Treatment. The Issuer has entered into this Indenture, and the Notes will be issued, with the intention that, for all purposes including United
States federal, State and local income, single business and franchise tax purposes, the Notes will qualify as indebtedness of the Issuer secured by the Trust Estate. The Issuer, by entering into this Indenture, and each Noteholder, by its
acceptance of a Note (and each Note Owner by its acceptance of an interest in the applicable Book-Entry Note), agree (i) to treat the Notes as indebtedness for all purposes, including United States federal, State and local income, single business
and franchise tax purposes if held by Persons other than the beneficial owner of the equity in the Issuer or an affiliate of such beneficial owner for such purposes and (ii) not to take any action inconsistent with the agreement in clause (i)
above.

Section 2.05. Registration; Registration of Transfer and Exchange.

(a)The Issuer shall cause to be kept a register (the Note Register) in which the Issuer shall provide for the registration of
Notes and the registration of transfers of Notes. U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association initially shall be the registrar (the Note Registrar) for the purpose of registering Notes and
transfers of Notes as herein provided. Upon any resignation of any Note Registrar, the Issuer shall promptly appoint a successor or, if it elects not to make such an appointment, assume the duties of Note Registrar.

(b)If a Person other than the Indenture Trustee is appointed by the Issuer as Note Registrar, the Issuer will give the Indenture
Trustee prompt written notice of the appointment of such Note Registrar and of the location, and any change in the location, of the Note Register, and the Indenture Trustee shall have the right to inspect the Note Register at all reasonable
times and to obtain copies thereof, and the Indenture Trustee shall have the right to rely upon a certificate executed on behalf of the Note Registrar by an Executive Officer thereof as to the names and addresses of the Holders of the Notes and
the principal amounts and number of such Notes.

4

(c) Upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Note at the office or agency of the Issuer to be maintained as provided in Section 3.02, if the requirements of Section 8401 of the UCC are met, the
Owner Trustee shall execute, on behalf of the Issuer, and the Indenture Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Noteholder making such surrender and the Noteholder shall obtain from the Indenture Trustee, in the name of the designated
transferee or transferees, one or more new Notes of the same Class in any authorized denomination and a like aggregate principal amount.

(d) At the option of the related Noteholder, Notes may be exchanged for other Notes of the same Class in any authorized denominations, of a like aggregate principal amount, upon surrender of such Notes at
such office or agency. Whenever any Notes are so surrendered for exchange, if the requirements of Section 8-401 of the UCC are met, the Owner Trustee shall execute, on behalf of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee shall authenticate and the
Noteholder shall obtain from the Indenture Trustee the Notes that the Noteholder making such exchange is entitled to receive.

Every Note presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange shall (if so required by the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee) be duly endorsed, or be accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in
form and substance satisfactory to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, duly executed by the Noteholder thereof or its attorney-in-fact duly authorized in writing.

All Notes issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes shall be the valid obligations of the Issuer, evidencing the same debt and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture as the Notes
surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange.

No service charge shall be made to a Noteholder for any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes, but the Issuer may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be
imposed in connection therewith, other than exchanges pursuant to Sections 2.03 or 9.06 not involving any transfer.

(e) The preceding provisions of this Section notwithstanding, the Issuer shall not be required to make, and the Note Registrar need not register, transfers or exchanges of any Note selected for redemption.

(f) Each Person (and if such Person is a Benefit Plan or other employee benefit plan or arrangement, its fiduciary) to whom a Note is transferred will be required to represent, in the case of a Definitive
Note, or deemed to represent, in the case of a Book-Entry Note, that either (i) it is not acquiring the Note with the assets of a Benefit Plan or other employee benefit plan or arrangement that is subject to Similar Law or (ii) (a) its
acquisition, holding and disposition of the Note or any interest therein will not give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a similar violation of Similar Law, and (b) the Note is
rated investment grade and has not been characterized as other than indebtedness for applicable local law purposes.

5

(g) The Indenture Trustee shall not be responsible for ascertaining whether any transfer complies with, or for otherwise monitoring or determining compliance with, the requirements or terms of the Securities
Act, applicable State securities laws, ERISA or the Code; except that if a certificate is specifically required by the terms of this Section to be provided to the Indenture Trustee by a prospective transferor or transferee, the Indenture Trustee
shall be under a duty to receive and examine the same to determine whether it conforms substantially on its face to the applicable requirements of this Section.

(h) Any purported transfer of a Note not in accordance with this Section shall be null and void and shall not be given effect for any purpose whatsoever.

(i) Upon any sale or transfer of any Note (or interest therein) that was retained by the Issuer or a Person that is considered the same Person as the Issuer for United States federal income tax purposes as
of the Closing Date, if for tax or other reasons it may be necessary to track any such Note (for example, if the Notes have original issue discount), tracking conditions such as requiring separate CUSIPs may be required by the Issuer as a
condition to such transfer and the Issuer shall provide prior written notice of such sale or transfer and tracking condition to the Indenture Trustee.

(j) The Class A-1 Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any jurisdiction. Consequently, the Class A-1 Notes are not transferable other than pursuant to an
effective registration statement under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and satisfaction of certain other provisions of this Indenture.

(k) Except in the case of a sale, pledge or other transfer of the Class A-1 Notes to the Depositor or an Affiliate of the Depositor or pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act, no further sale, pledge or other transfer of any Class A-1 Note (or interest therein) may be made by any Person unless either (A) such sale, pledge or other transfer is made to a QIB that is acting for its own account or the accounts of
other QIBs and is aware that the transferor of such Notes intends to rely on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A under the Securities Act or (B) such sale, pledge or other transfer is
otherwise made in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, in which case the Indenture Trustee will require (1) that both the prospective transferor and the prospective transferee certify to the Indenture
Trustee and the Depositor in writing the facts surrounding such transfer, which certification will be in form and substance satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee and the Depositor, and (2) an Opinion of Counsel (which will not be at the expense
of the Depositor, the Administrator, the Servicer, the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee) satisfactory to the Depositor and the Indenture Trustee to the effect that such transfer will not require registration under the Securities Act. The Class A-1
Notes will bear a legend in substantially the form set forth in Exhibit A to this Indenture.

6

Section 2.06. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes.

(a) If (i) any mutilated Note is surrendered to the Indenture Trustee, or the Indenture Trustee receives evidence to its satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Note, (ii) there is delivered to
the Indenture Trustee such security or indemnity as may be required by it to hold the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee harmless and (iii) the requirements of Section 8405 of the UCC are met, then, in the absence of notice to the Issuer, the Note
Registrar or the Indenture Trustee that such Note has been acquired by a Protected Purchaser, the Issuer shall execute, and upon receipt of an Issuer Request the Indenture Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in exchange for or in lieu of any
such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note, a replacement Note of like tenor and principal amount; provided, however, that if any such destroyed, lost or stolen Note, but not a mutilated Note, shall have become or within seven days shall be
due and payable, or shall have been called for redemption, instead of issuing a replacement Note, the Issuer may pay such destroyed, lost or stolen Note when so due or payable or upon the Redemption Date without surrender thereof. If, after the
delivery of such replacement Note or payment of a destroyed, lost or stolen Note pursuant to the proviso to the preceding sentence, a Protected Purchaser of the original Note in lieu of which such replacement Note was issued presents for payment
such original Note, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to recover such replacement Note (or such payment) from the Person to whom such replacement Note was delivered or any Person taking such replacement Note from such Person
to whom such replacement Note was delivered or any assignee of such Person, except a Protected Purchaser, and shall be entitled to recover upon the security or indemnity provided therefor to the extent of any loss, damage, cost or expense
incurred by the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee in connection therewith.

(b) Upon the issuance of any replacement Note under this Section, the Issuer may require the payment by the Holder of such Note of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be
imposed in relation thereto and any other reasonable expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Indenture Trustee) connected therewith.

(c) Every replacement Note issued pursuant to this Section in replacement of any mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall constitute an original additional contractual obligation of the Issuer,
whether or not the mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall be at any time enforceable by anyone, and shall be entitled to all the benefits of this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Notes duly issued hereunder.

(d) The provisions of this Section are exclusive and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen
Notes.

Section 2.07. Persons Deemed Owner. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of any Note, the Issuer and any agent of the Issuer or the Indenture
Trustee will treat the Person in whose name any Note is registered (as of the day of determination) as the owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payments of principal of and interest, if any, on such Note and for all other purposes
whatsoever, whether or not such Note be overdue, and none of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee or any agent of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

7

Section 2.08. Payment of Principal and Interest.

(a)On each Payment Date prior to the acceleration of the maturity of the Notes following the occurrence of an Event of Default,
upon receipt of written instructions from the Servicer pursuant to Section 4.08(b) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Indenture Trustee shall apply Available Funds on deposit in the Collection Account to make the following payments and
deposits in the following order of priority:

(i) to the Servicer, the Total Servicing Fee and any Nonrecoverable Advances for the related Collection Period;

(ii) pro rata to (A) the Trustees, to the extent not previously paid pursuant to Section 1.02(b)(i) of the Administration Agreement, Sections 8.01 and 8.02 of the Trust Agreement, Section
6.02 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or Section 6.07, the Total Trustee Fees for the related Collection Period, plus any overdue Total Trustee Fees for one or more prior Collection Periods and (B) the Asset Representations Reviewer, the Asset
Representations Reviewer Fees; provided, however, that the aggregate amount payable pursuant to this clause (ii) may not exceed $250,000 in any calendar year;

(iii) to the Note Payment Account, for payment to the interest-bearing Notes, the Interest Distributable Amount, ratably, for each interest-bearing
Class of Notes;

(iv) to the Note Payment Account, for payment of principal on the Notes in the priority set forth in Section 2.08(b), the Priority Principal
Distributable Amount, if any;

(v) to the Reserve Fund, the Reserve Fund Deficiency for such Payment Date, if any;

(vi)to the Note Payment Account, for payment of principal on the Notes in the priority set forth in Section
2.08(b), the Regular Principal Distributable Amount, if any;

(vii)if a Successor Servicer has been appointed pursuant to Section 7.02 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, to
such Successor Servicer, any Transition Costs due in connection with such transfer of servicing and not paid pursuant to Section 7.01 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, plus the Additional Servicing Fee, if any, for the related Collection
Period;

(viii)to the Trustees and the Asset Representations Reviewer, pro rata, the Total Trustee Fees and any amounts due
under the Asset Representations Review Agreement, respectively, to the extent that they have not previously been paid as described under clause (ii) above; and

(ix)to the Certificateholders, any Excess Collections.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, following the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default which has resulted in an acceleration of the Notes, all Available Funds shall be deposited into the Note
Payment Account and applied in accordance with Section 2.08(f). Any distributions to be made by the Indenture Trustee under the Basic Documents may be made by the Paying Agent.

The Reserve Fund Draw Amount shall be used to make the payments described in Section 4.02 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

8

If the amount on deposit in the Note Payment Account (including any portion of the Reserve Fund Draw Amount) on any Payment Date is less than the amount described in clause (iii) above for such Payment Date, the
Indenture Trustee, either directly or through the Paying Agent, shall pay the available amount to the Noteholders of each interest-bearing Class of Notes pro rata based on the Interest Distributable Amount payable to such Class on such Payment
Date.

For purposes of distributions from the Reserve Fund pursuant to Section 4.02(d) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, any portion of the Priority Principal Distributable Amount and the Regular Principal Distributable
Amount shall be deemed to be due and payable on any Payment Date on which funds sufficient to pay such portion would be available to make such payment from funds withdrawn from the Reserve Fund and distributed with the priorities set forth in
accordance with this Section 2.08(a). For the avoidance of doubt, other than on the applicable Final Scheduled Payment Date for a Class of Notes, the Priority Principal Distributable Amount and the Regular Principal Distributable Amount, or any
portion thereof, shall not be due (other than in accordance with Section 2.08(c) or Section 2.08(f)) unless amounts are actually available to make such payments in accordance with Section 2.08(a). Additionally, any portion of the Priority
Principal Distributable Amount and the Regular Principal Distributable Amount shall be deemed to be due and payable on any date where the Servicer elects to exercise its Optional Purchase and the Issuer redeems the outstanding Notes pursuant to
Section 10.01.

If on any Payment Date, the aggregate amount on deposit in the Collection Account and the Reserve Fund equals or exceeds the Note Balance of all Notes Outstanding as of the last day of the related Collection Period,
the accrued and unpaid interest thereon and all amounts due to the Servicer, the Trustees and the Asset Representations Reviewer, the Servicer shall provide written notification thereof to the Indenture Trustee and shall direct the Indenture
Trustee to apply all such amounts to retire the Notes and to pay all such amounts due to the Servicerand the Trustees in accordance with the provisions of this Section.

(b)The principal of each Note shall be payable in installments on each Payment Date in an aggregate amount (unless the Notes have
been declared immediately due and payable following an Event of Default) for all Classes of Notes equal to the Aggregate Principal Distributable Amount. On each Payment Date, upon receipt of instructions from the Servicer pursuant to Section
4.08(b) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement and subject to Section 2.08(f), the Indenture Trustee shall either directly or through a Paying Agent apply or cause to be applied the amount on deposit in the Note Payment Account on such Payment
Date in respect of the Aggregate Principal Distributable Amount, to make the following payments in the following order of priority:

(i) to the Class A1 Notes, until the principal amount of the Class A1 Notes has been paid in full;

(ii) to the Class A2A Notes and the Class A-2B Notes, pro rata, until the principal amount of the Class A2A Notes and the Class A-2B Notes have been paid in full;

9

(iii) to the Class A3 Notes, until the principal amounts of the Class A3 Notes have been paid in full; and

(iv) to the Class A4 Notes, until the principal amounts of the Class A4 Notes have been paid in full.

(c) The unpaid principal amount, to the extent not previously paid, of the (i) Class A1 Notes shall be due and payable on the Class A1 Final Scheduled Payment Date, (ii) Class A2A Notes and Class A-2B
Notes shall be due and payable on the Class A2 Final Scheduled Payment Date, (iii) Class A3 Notes shall be due and payable on the Class A3 Final Scheduled Payment Date and (iv) Class A4 Notes shall be due and payable on the Class A4 Final
Scheduled Payment Date.

(d) Each Class of Notes (other than the Class A-1 Notes) shall accrue interest during each Interest Period at the related Interest Rate, and such interest shall be
due and payable on each Payment Date. Interest on the Class A-2A Notes, the Class A3 Notes and the Class A-4 Notes shall be calculated on the basis of a 360day year of twelve 30day months. Interest on the Class A-2B Notes shall be calculated
on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed and a 360day year. Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, no Interest Rate may exceed the maximum rate permitted by Applicable Law.

Subject to Section 3.01, any installment of interest or principal, if any, payable on any Note that is punctually paid or duly provided for on the applicable Payment Date shall be paid to the Person in whose name
such Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) is registered on the related Record Date by check mailed first-class postage prepaid to such Persons address as it appears on the Note Register on such Record Date; provided, however, that, unless
Definitive Notes have been issued pursuant to Section 2.12, with respect to Notes registered on the Record Date in the name of the nominee of the Clearing Agency (initially, such nominee to be Cede & Co.), payment shall be made by wire
transfer in immediately available funds to the account designated by such nominee, and except for the final installment of principal payable with respect to such Note on a Payment Date or on the related Final Scheduled Payment Date (and except
for the Redemption Price for any Note called for redemption in whole pursuant to Section 10.01), which shall be payable as provided herein. The funds represented by any such checks returned undelivered shall be held in accordance with Section
3.03.

(e)All principal and interest payments on a Class of Notes shall be made pro rata to the Noteholders of such Class entitled
thereto. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Indenture Trustee shall, before the Payment Date on which the Issuer expects to pay the final installment of principal of and interest on any Note, notify the Holder of such Note as of the
related Record Date of such final installment. Such notice shall be mailed or transmitted by facsimile prior to such final Payment Date and shall specify that such final installment shall be payable only upon presentation and surrender of such
Note and shall specify the place where such Note may be presented and surrendered for payment of such installment. Notices in connection with redemptions of Notes shall be mailed to Noteholders as provided in Section 10.02.

10

(f)Notwithstanding the foregoing, the unpaid principal amount of the Notes shall be due and payable, to the extent not previously
paid, on the date on which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, if the Indenture Trustee or the Majority Noteholders have declared the Notes to be immediately due and payable in the manner provided in Section 5.02(a). On
each Payment Date following acceleration of the Notes, upon receipt of instructions from the Servicer pursuant to Section 4.08(b) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Indenture Trustee or the Paying Agent shall deposit all Available Funds
into the Note Payment Account and shall apply or cause to be applied all such amounts to make the following payments and deposits in the following order of priority:

(i)to the Servicer, the Total Servicing Fee and any Nonrecoverable Advances for the related Collection Period;

(ii)to the Trustees and the Asset Representations Reviewer, pro
rata, the Total Trustee Fees, and the Asset Representations Reviewer Fees, respectively, without limitation;

(iii) to the Holders of the interest-bearing Notes, the Interest Distributable Amount for each interest-bearing Class of Notes;

(iv) to the Class A-1 Noteholders, payments of principal until the principal amount of the Class A-1 Notes has been paid in full;

(v) to the Holders of the Class A-2A Notes, the Class A-2B Notes, the Class A-3 Notes and the Class A-4 Notes, pro rata based on the outstanding principal amount of each such Class of Notes
as of such Payment Date, payments of principal until the principal amount of each such Class of Notes has been paid in full;

(vi)if a Successor Servicer has been appointed pursuant to Section 7.02 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, to
such Successor Servicer, any Transition Costs due in connection with such transfer of servicing and not paid pursuant to Section 7.01 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement plus the Additional Servicing Fee, if any, for the related Collection
Period; and

(vii)to the Certificateholders, any Excess Collections.

Section 2.09. Cancellation. All Notes surrendered for payment, registration of transfer, exchange or redemption shall, if surrendered to any Person other than the
Indenture Trustee, be delivered to the Indenture Trustee and shall be promptly cancelled by the Indenture Trustee. The Issuer may at any time deliver to the Indenture Trustee for cancellation any Notes previously authenticated and delivered
hereunder which the Issuer may have acquired in any manner whatsoever, and all Notes so delivered shall be promptly cancelled by the Indenture Trustee. No Notes shall be authenticated in lieu of or in exchange for any Notes cancelled as provided
in this Section, except as expressly permitted by this Indenture. All cancelled Notes may be held or disposed of by the Indenture Trustee in accordance with its standard retention or disposal policy as in effect at the time unless the Issuer
shall direct by an Issuer Order that they be destroyed or returned to it; provided, that such Issuer Order is timely and the Notes have not been previously disposed of by the Indenture Trustee.

11

Section 2.10. Book-Entry Notes. Except as provided in Section 2.12, the Notes, upon original issuance, will be issued in the form of a typewritten Note or Notes
representing the Book-Entry Notes, to be delivered to Indenture Trustee, as custodian for the initial Clearing Agency, by, or on behalf of, the Issuer. The Book-Entry Notes shall be registered initially on the Note Register in the name of Cede
& Co., the nominee of the initial Clearing Agency, and no Note Owner will receive a definitive Note representing such Note Owners interest in such Book Entry Note, except as provided in Section 2.12. Unless and until Definitive Notes have
been issued to Note Owners pursuant to Section 2.12:

(i)the provisions of this Section shall be in full force and effect;

(ii)the Note Registrar shall be entitled to deal with the Clearing Agency for all purposes of this Indenture
(including the payment of principal of and interest on the Notes and the giving of instructions or directions hereunder) as the sole Holder of such Notes, and shall have no obligation to the Note Owners;

(iii)to the extent that the provisions of this Section conflict with any other provisions of this Indenture, the
provisions of this Section shall control;

(iv)the rights of Note Owners shall be exercised only through the Clearing Agency and shall be limited to those
established by Applicable Law and agreements between such Note Owners and the Clearing Agency or the Clearing Agency Participants, and pursuant to the Note Depository Agreement, unless and until Definitive Notes are issued pursuant to Section
2.12, the Clearing Agency will make book-entry transfers among the Clearing Agency Participants and receive and transmit payments of principal of and interest on the Notes to such Clearing Agency Participants; and

(v)whenever this Indenture requires or permits actions to be taken based upon instructions or directions of the
Holders of Notes (or Holders of Notes of any Class) evidencing a specified percentage of the Note Balance, the Clearing Agency shall be deemed to represent such percentage only to the extent that it has received instructions to such effect from
Note Owners and/or Clearing Agency Participants owning or representing, respectively, such required percentage of the beneficial interest in the Notes or such Class of Notes and has delivered such instructions to the Indenture Trustee.

Section 2.11. Notices to Clearing Agency. Whenever a notice or other communication to the Noteholders is required under this Indenture, unless and until Definitive
Notes shall have been issued to Note Owners pursuant to Section 2.12, the Indenture Trustee shall give all such notices and communications specified herein to be given to the Noteholders to the Clearing Agency, and shall have no obligation to
such Note Owners.

Section 2.12. Definitive Notes. Definitive Notes will be issued only if:

(i) (A) the Clearing Agency is no longer willing or able to properly discharge its respon-sibilities with respect to the Book-Entry Notes and (B) the Indenture Trustee is not able to locate
a qualified successor; or

12

(ii) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, owners of Book-Entry Notes representing beneficial interests aggregating not less than 51% of the Note Balance of a Class of Notes advise
the Indenture Trustee and the Clearing Agency Participant through the Clearing Agency, in writing that the continuation of a book-entry system through the Clearing Agency is no longer in the best interests of such Note Owners.

In each case, the Indenture Trustee shall then notify Note Owners of the related Class of Notes through the Clearing Agency of the occurrence of any such event and of the availability of Definitive Notes of the
related Class of Notes to Note Owners requesting the same.

Upon surrender to the Indenture Trustee of the Note or Notes representing the Book-Entry Notes by the Clearing Agency, accompanied by registration instructions, the Issuer at its own expense shall execute and deliver
the Definitive Notes to the Indenture Trustee and the Indenture Trustee shall authenticate the Definitive Notes in accordance with the instructions of the Clearing Agency. None of the Issuer, the Note Registrar or the Indenture Trustee shall be
liable for any delay in delivery of such instructions and may conclusively rely on, and shall be protected in relying on, such instructions. Upon the issuance of Definitive Notes of a Class, the Indenture Trustee shall recognize the Noteholders
of the Definitive Notes as Noteholders hereunder.

Section 2.13. Release of Collateral. Subject to Section 11.01 and the terms of the other Basic Documents, the Indenture Trustee shall release property from the Lien
of this Indenture only upon receipt of an Issuer Request accompanied by an Officers Certificate, an Opinion of Counsel and, if required by Section 11.01, Independent Certificates in accordance with Sections 314(c) and 314(d)(1) of the TIA or an
Opinion of Counsel in lieu of such Independent Certificates to the effect that the TIA does not require any such Independent Certificates. If the Commission shall issue an exemptive order under TIA Section 304(d) modifying the Indenture
Trustees obligations under TIA Sections 314(c) and 314(d)(1), the Indenture Trustee shall release property from the Lien of this Indenture in accordance with the conditions and procedures set forth in such exemptive order.

Section 2.14. FATCA. Each Noteholder and Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or a beneficial interest therein, agrees to provide to the Indenture Trustee, any
Paying Agent or the Issuer, upon its request, the Noteholder Tax Identification Information and, to the extent FATCA Withholding Tax is applicable, the Noteholder FATCA Information. In addition, each Noteholder and Note Owner, by acceptance of a
Note or a beneficial interest therein, agrees that the Indenture Trustee or any Paying Agent has the right to withhold any amounts of interest (properly withholdable under law and without any corresponding gross-up) payable to a Noteholder that
fails to comply with the requirements of the preceding sentence.

Section 2.15. Authenticating Agents. Upon the request of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee may appoint one or more Authenticating Agents with power to act on its
behalf and subject to its written direction in the authentication of Notes in connection with issuance, transfers and exchanges under Sections 2.02, 2.03, 2.05 and 2.06, as fully to all intents and purposes as though each such Authenticating
Agent had been expressly authorized by such Sections to authenticate such Notes. For all purposes of this Indenture, the authentication of Notes by an Authenticating Agent pursuant to this Section shall be deemed to be the authentication of
Notes by the Indenture Trustee.

13

Any entity into which any Authenticating Agent may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any entity resulting from any merger, consolidation or conversion to which any Authenticating Agent
shall be a party, or any entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of any Authenticating Agent, shall be the successor of such Authenticating Agent hereunder, without the execution or filing of any document or
any further act on the part of the parties hereto or such Authenticating Agent or such successor entity.

Section 2.16. Benchmark Determination.

(a) On each SOFR Adjustment Date, the Paying Agent shall obtain the SOFR Rate in accordance with the definition thereof and shall send to the Servicer by email transmission notification of the SOFR Rate for
the Interest Period. All determinations of the SOFR Rate, in the absence of manifest error, shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders.

(b) If the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) determines prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the
determination of the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement determined by the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Class A-2B Notes in respect of such
determination on such date and all such determinations on all subsequent dates. The Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) shall deliver written notice (including by email) to each Rating Agency, the Indenture Trustee, the Paying Agent and the
Servicer on any SOFR Adjustment Date if, as of the applicable Reference Time, the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) has determined with respect to the related Interest Period that there will be a change in the SOFR Rate or the terms related
thereto since the immediately preceding SOFR Adjustment Date due to a determination by the Administrator that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred. The Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) shall
have the right to make SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes and, in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, from time to time. Notwithstanding anything in this Indenture or the other
Basic Documents to the contrary, upon the receipt of such notice by the Rating Agencies, the Indenture Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Servicer, and the inclusion of such information in the Investor Report, this Indenture and/or any other
relevant Basic Document will be deemed to have been amended to reflect such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes without further compliance with the provisions of
Article Ten of this Indenture, or the amendment provisions of any other relevant Basic Document.

(c) All percentages resulting from any calculation on the Class A-2B Notes shall be rounded to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with five-millionths of a percentage point rounded
upwards (e.g., 9.8765445% (or 0.098765445) would be rounded to 9.87655% (or 0.0987655)), and all dollar amounts used in or resulting from that calculation on the Class A-2B Notes will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one-half cent being
rounded upwards).

14

(d) Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) pursuant to this Section 2.16 (or pursuant to any capitalized term used in this Section 2.16 or in
any such capitalized term), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any
selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, may be made in the Administrators sole discretion, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Basic Documents, will become effective without consent from any other
party. None of the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the Paying Agent, the Administrator, the Sponsor, the Depositor or the Servicer, or their respective Affiliates, will have any liability for any determination made by or on
behalf of the Issuer pursuant to this Section 2.16 (or pursuant to any capitalized term used in this Section 2.16 or in any such capitalized term), and each Noteholder and Note Owner, by its acceptance of a Note or a beneficial interest in a
Note, will be deemed to waive and release any and all claims against the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the Paying Agent the Administrator, the Sponsor, the Depositor and the Servicer, and their respective Affiliates relating
to any such determinations.

(e) The Indenture Trustee and the Paying Agent shall each be under no obligation to (i) monitor, determine or verify the unavailability or cessation of the SOFR Rate (or the then-current Benchmark), or
whether or when there has occurred, or to give notice to any other transaction party of the occurrence of, any Benchmark Transition Event or Benchmark Replacement Date, (ii) select, determine or designate any Benchmark Replacement, or other
successor or replacement benchmark index, or whether any conditions to the designation of such a rate have been satisfied, (iii) select, determine or designate any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, or other modifier to any replacement or
successor index, or (iv) determine whether or what Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are necessary or advisable, if any, in connection with any of the foregoing.

(f) The Indenture Trustee and the Paying Agent shall each not be liable for any inability, failure or delay on its part to perform any of its duties set forth in this Agreement as a result of the
unavailability of the SOFR Rate (or the then-current Benchmark) and the absence of a designated replacement Benchmark, including as a result of any inability, delay, error or inaccuracy on the part of any other transaction party, including
without limitation the Issuer, in providing any direction, instruction, notice or information required or contemplated by the terms of this Agreement and reasonably required for the performance of such duties. The Indenture Trustee and the Paying
Agent shall be entitled to rely conclusively upon any determination made, and any instruction, notice, Officers Certificate or other instrument or information provided by the Administrator, Servicer or Depositor without independent verification,
investigation or inquiry of any kind by the Indenture Trustee and the Paying Agent.

(g) The Indenture Trustee and the Paying Agent shall each not be liable for any interest rate published by any publication that is the source of determining the interest rates of the Notes, including but not
limited to the FRBNYs Website (or any successor source), for any rates compiled by the FRBNY or any successor thereto, or for any rates published on any publicly available source, or in any of the foregoing cases for any delay, error or
inaccuracy in the publication of any such rates, or for any subsequent correction or adjustment thereto and in no event will (x) the Indenture Trustee or the Paying Agent be responsible for obtaining the SOFR Rate or any substitute for SOFR if
such rate does not appear on the FRBNYs Website or on a comparable system as is customarily used to quote SOFR or such substitute for SOFR.

15

ARTICLE THREE

COVENANTS

Section 3.01. Payment of Principal and Interest. The Issuer will duly and punctually pay the principal of and interest, if any, on the Notes in accordance with the
terms of the Notes and this Indenture. Amounts properly withheld under the Code by any Person from a payment to any Noteholder of interest and/or principal shall be considered as having been paid by the Issuer to such Noteholder for all purposes
of this Indenture.

Section 3.02. Maintenance of Office or Agency. The Issuer will maintain an office or agency where Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange,
and where notices and demands to or upon the Issuer in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served. The Issuer hereby initially appoints the Indenture Trustee to serve as its agent for the foregoing purposes. The Issuer will give
prompt written notice to the Indenture Trustee of the location, and of any change in the location, of any such office or agency. If at any time the Issuer shall fail to maintain any such office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Indenture
Trustee with the address thereof, such surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office and the Issuer hereby appoints the Indenture Trustee as its agent to receive all such surrenders, notices and demands.

Section 3.03. Money for Payments to be Held in Trust. As provided in Section 8.02, all payments of amounts due and payable with respect to any Notes that are to be made from amounts withdrawn from the
Accounts shall be made on behalf of the Issuer by the Indenture Trustee or by a Paying Agent, and no amounts so withdrawn from the Accounts for payments of Notes shall be paid over to the Issuer except as provided in this Section.

The Issuer will cause each Paying Agent other than the Indenture Trustee to execute and deliver to the Indenture Trustee an instrument in which such Paying Agent shall agree with the Indenture Trustee (and if the
Indenture Trustee acts as Paying Agent, it hereby so agrees), subject to the provisions of this Section, that such Paying Agent will:

(i)hold all sums held by it for the payment of amounts due with respect to the Notes in trust for the benefit
of the Persons entitled thereto until such sums shall be paid to such Persons or otherwise disposed of as herein provided and pay such sums to such Persons as herein provided;

(ii)give the Indenture Trustee notice of any default by the Issuer (or any other obligor upon the Notes) of
which it has actual knowledge in the making of any payment required to be made with respect to the Notes;

(iii)at any time during the continuance of any such default, upon the written request of the Indenture Trustee,
forthwith pay to the Indenture Trustee all sums so held in trust by such Paying Agent;

(iv)immediately resign as a Paying Agent and forthwith pay to the Indenture Trustee all sums held by it in trust
for the payment of the Notes if at any time it ceases to meet the standards required to be met by a Paying Agent at the time of its appointment; and

16

(v)comply with all requirements of the Code with respect to the withholding from any payments made by it on any
Notes of any applicable withholding taxes imposed thereon and with respect to any applicable reporting requirements in connection therewith.

The Issuer may at any time, for the purpose of obtaining the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture or for any other purpose, by Issuer Order direct any Paying Agent to pay to the Indenture Trustee all sums
held in trust by such Paying Agent, such sums to be held by the Indenture Trustee upon the same trusts as those upon which sums were held by such Paying Agent; and upon such payment by any Paying Agent to the Indenture Trustee, such Paying Agent
shall be released from all further liability with respect to such money.

Subject to Applicable Laws with respect to escheat of funds, any money held by the Indenture Trustee or any Paying Agent in trust for the payment of any amount due with respect to any Note and remaining unclaimed for
two years after such amount has become due and payable shall be discharged from such trust and be paid to the Issuer on Issuer Request; and the Holder of such Note shall thereafter, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Issuer for
payment thereof (but only to the extent of the amounts so paid to the Issuer), and all liability of the Indenture Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money shall thereupon cease; provided, however, that the Indenture Trustee
or such Paying Agent, before being required to make any such repayment, shall at the expense and written direction of the Issuer cause to be published once, in an Authorized Newspaper, notice that such money remains unclaimed and that, after a
date specified therein, which shall not be less than 30 days from the date of such publication, any unclaimed balance of such money then remaining will be repaid to the Issuer. The Indenture Trustee shall also adopt and employ, at the expense
and written direction of the Issuer, any other reasonable means of notification of such repayment (including mailing notice of such repayment to Holders whose Notes have been called but have not been surrendered for redemption or whose right to
or interest in monies due and payable but not claimed is determinable from the records of the Indenture Trustee or of any Paying Agent, at the last address of record for each such Holder).

Section 3.04. Existence. The Issuer will keep in full effect its existence, rights and franchises as a statutory trust under the laws of the State of Delaware
(unless it becomes, or any successor Issuer hereunder is or becomes, organized under the laws of any other State or of the United States, in which case the Issuer will keep in full effect its existence, rights and franchises under the laws of
such other jurisdiction) and will obtain and preserve its qualification to do business in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is or shall be necessary to protect the validity and enforceability of this Indenture, the Notes, the
Collateral and each other instrument or agreement included in the Trust Estate, including all licenses required under (i) the Maryland Vehicle Sales Finance Act or (ii) the Pennsylvania Motor Vehicle Sales Finance Act in connection with this
Indenture and the other Basic Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby until such time as the Issuer shall terminate in accordance with the terms hereof.

17

Section 3.05. Protection of Trust Estate. The Issuer intends the security interest Granted pursuant to this Indenture in favor of the Indenture Trustee on behalf of
the Noteholders to be prior to all other Liens in respect of the Trust Estate, and the Issuer shall take all actions necessary to obtain and maintain, for the benefit of the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders, a first Lien on and a
first priority, perfected security interest in the Trust Estate.

The Issuer will from time to time authorize, execute and deliver such supplements and amendments hereto and such financing statements, continuation statements, instruments of further assurance and other instruments
and will take such other action necessary or advisable to:

(i)Grant more effectively any portion of the Trust Estate;

(ii)maintain or preserve the Lien and security interest (and the priority thereof) of this Indenture or carry
out more effectively the purposes hereof;

(iii)perfect, publish notice of or protect the validity of any Grant made or to be made by this Indenture;

(iv)enforce any of the Trust Estate;

(v)preserve and defend title to the Trust Estate and the rights of the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders in
such Trust Estate against the claims of all Persons; or

(vi) pay all taxes or assessments levied or assessed upon the Trust Estate when due.

The Issuer hereby designates the Indenture Trustee its agent and attorney-in-fact to execute or authorize any financing statement, continuation statement or other instrument required to be executed pursuant to this
Section.

Section 3.06. Opinions as to Trust Estate.

(a)On the Closing Date, the Issuer shall furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that, in the
opinion of such counsel, either (i) all financing statements and continuation statements have been executed and filed that are necessary to create and continue the first priority perfected security interest of the Indenture Trustee in the
Collateral for the benefit of the Noteholders, and reciting the details of such filings or referring to prior Opinions of Counsel in which such details are given or (ii) no such action shall be necessary to perfect such security interest.

(b)Within 90 days after the beginning of each fiscal year of the Issuer beginning with the first fiscal year beginning more than
three months after the Cutoff Date, the Issuer shall furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Opinion of Counsel either stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, such action has been taken with respect to the recording, filing, re-recording and
refiling of this Indenture, any indentures supplemental hereto and any other requisite documents and with respect to the authorization and filing of any financing statements and continuation statements as is necessary to maintain the Lien and
security interest created by this Indenture and reciting the details of such action or stating that in the opinion of such counsel no such action is necessary to maintain such Lien and security interest. Such Opinion of Counsel shall also
describe the recording, filing, re-recording and refiling of this Indenture, any indentures supplemental hereto and any other requisite documents and the authorization and filing of any financing statements and continuation statements that
shall, in the opinion of such counsel, be required to maintain the Lien and security interest of this Indenture until March 31 in the following calendar year.

18

Section 3.07. Performance of Obligations; Servicing of Receivables.

(a)The Issuer will not take any action and will use its best efforts not to permit any action to be taken by others that would
release any Person from any of its material covenants or obligations under any instrument or agreement included in the Trust Estate or that would result in the amendment, hypothecation, subordination, termination or discharge of, or impair the
validity or effectiveness of, any such instrument or agreement, except as expressly provided in this Indenture and the other Basic Documents or such other instrument or agreement.

(b)The Issuer may contract with other Persons to assist it in performing its duties under this Indenture, and any performance of
such duties by a Person identified to the Indenture Trustee in an Officers Certificate of the Issuer shall be deemed to be action taken by the Issuer. Initially, the Issuer has contracted with the Servicer and the Administrator to assist the
Issuer in performing its duties under this Indenture.

(c)The Issuer will punctually perform and observe all of its obligations and agreements contained in this Indenture, the other
Basic Documents and in the instruments and agreements included in the Trust Estate, including filing or causing to be filed all UCC financing statements and continuation statements required to be filed by the terms of this Indenture and the
other Basic Documents in accordance with and within the time periods provided for herein and therein.

(d)If the Issuer shall have knowledge of the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event, it shall promptly notify, in writing,
the Depositor, the Indenture Trustee and each Rating Agency, and shall specify in such notice the action, if any, it is taking with respect to such default. If a Servicer Termination Event shall arise from the failure of the Servicer to
perform any of its duties or obligations under the Sale and Servicing Agreement with respect to the Receivables, the Issuer shall take all reasonable steps available to it to remedy such failure.

(e)On or after the receipt by the Servicer of notice of a Servicer Termination Event and the termination of the Servicers rights
and powers pursuant to Section 7.01 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, all authority and power of the Servicer shall, without further action, pass to and be vested in the Indenture Trustee in all respects in accordance with Section 7.02 of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement. The Indenture Trustee may resign as Successor Servicer by giving written notice of such resignation to the Depositor and the Owner Trustee and in such event will be released from such duties and obligations,
such release not to be effective until the date a new Servicer assumes the obligations under the Sale and Servicing Agreement as provided below. Upon delivery of any such notice, the Indenture Trustee shall appoint, or petition a court of
competent jurisdiction to appoint, a new Servicer as the Successor Servicer. In the case of either the appointment of the Indenture Trustee (or any Affiliate as provided below) as Successor Servicer, or resignation of the Indenture Trustee as
Servicer, the Indenture Trustee shall provide to the Depositor, in writing, such information as reasonably requested by the Depositor to comply with its reporting obligation under the Exchange Act with respect to a Successor Servicer or the
resignation of the Servicer.

19

Any Successor Servicer other than the Indenture Trustee shall be an Eligible Servicer. In connection with any appointment by the Indenture Trustee of a Successor Servicer, the Indenture Trustee may make such
arrangements for the compensation of such successor as it and such successor shall agree with, subject to the limitations set forth below and in the Sale and Servicing Agreement and, in accordance with Section 7.02 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement, the Successor Servicer shall assume the obligations and duties of the terminated Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement. If the Indenture Trustee shall succeed to the duties of the Servicer as provided herein, it shall do so
in its individual capacity and not in its capacity as Indenture Trustee and, accordingly, the provisions of Article Six shall be inapplicable to the Indenture Trustee in its duties as the successor to the Servicer and the servicing of the
Receivables. In case the Indenture Trustee shall become successor to the Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to appoint as Servicer any one of its Affiliates or agents; provided, that the
Indenture Trustee, in its capacity as Servicer, shall be fully liable for the actions and omissions of such Affiliate or agent in such capacity as Successor Servicer. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture to the contrary, in no
event shall the Indenture Trustee be liable for any servicing fee or for any differential in the amount of the servicing fee paid under the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the amount necessary to induce any Successor Servicer to act as Successor
Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

(f)The Issuer shall promptly notify the Depositor and the Trustees in writing of (i) any termination of the Servicer pursuant to
the Sale and Servicing Agreement and (ii) the appointment of each Successor Servicer, including its name and address.

(g)The Issuer shall not waive timely performance or observance by the Depositor, the Servicer or the Seller of their respective
duties or obligations under the Basic Documents if such waiver would reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect the Noteholders.

Section 3.08. Negative Covenants. So long as any Notes are Outstanding, the Issuer shall not:

(i)engage in any business or activities other than those permitted by Section 2.03 of the Trust Agreement and
financing, purchasing, acquiring, owning, pledging and managing the Receivables as contemplated by the Basic Documents and activities incidental to such activities;

(ii)except as expressly permitted by this Indenture or the other Basic Documents, sell, transfer, exchange or
otherwise dispose of any of the properties or assets of the Issuer, including those included in the Trust Estate, unless directed to do so in writing by the Indenture Trustee;

20

(iii)claim any credit on, or make any deduction from the principal or interest payable in respect of, the Notes
(other than amounts properly withheld from such payments under the Code) or assert any claim against any present or former Noteholder by reason of the payment of the taxes levied or assessed upon any part of the Trust Estate;

(iv)dissolve or liquidate in whole or in part;

(v)permit (A) the validity or effectiveness of this Indenture to be impaired, or permit the Lien of this
Indenture to be amended, hypothecated, subordinated, terminated or discharged, or permit any Person to be released from any covenants or obligations with respect to the Notes under this Indenture except as may be expressly permitted hereby, (B)
any Lien (other than the Permitted Liens and the Lien of this Indenture) to be created on or extend to or otherwise arise upon or burden the Trust Estate or any part thereof or any interest therein or the proceeds thereof or (C) the Lien of
this Indenture not to constitute a valid first priority (other than with respect to any Permitted Lien) and perfected security interest in the Trust Estate; or

(vi)incur, assume or guarantee any indebtedness other than the indebtedness evidenced by the Notes or
indebtedness otherwise permitted by the Basic Documents.

Section 3.09. Annual Statement as to Compliance. The Issuer will deliver to the Depositor and the Indenture Trustee, on or before June 30 of each year (commencing
with the June 30 that is at least six months after the Closing Date), an Officers Certificate stating, as to the Authorized Officer signing such Officers Certificate, that:

(a)a review of the activities of the Issuer during the preceding year (or such shorter period in the case of
the first such Officers Certificate) and of its performance under this Indenture has been made under such Authorized Officers supervision; and

(b)to the best of such Authorized Officers knowledge, based on such review, the Issuer has complied with all
conditions and covenants under this Indenture throughout the preceding year (or such shorter period in the case of the first such Officers Certificate) or, if there has been a default in its compliance with any such condition or covenant,
specifying each such default known to such Authorized Officer and the nature and status thereof.

Section 3.10. Issuer May Consolidate Etc., Only on Certain Terms.

(a)The Issuer shall not consolidate or merge with or into any other Person, unless:

(i)the Person (if other than the Issuer) formed by or surviving such consolidation or merger shall be a Person
organized and existing under the laws of the United States or any State and shall expressly assume, by an indenture supplemental hereto, executed and delivered to the Indenture Trustee, in form satisfactory to the Depositor and the Indenture
Trustee, the due and punctual payment of the principal of and interest on all Notes and the performance or observance of every agreement and covenant of this Indenture on the part of the Issuer to be performed or observed;

21

(ii)immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and
be continuing;

(iii)the Issuer has delivered prior written notice of such consolidation or merger to each Rating Agency and
each Rating Agency, within ten days, either (1) confirms in writing that such consolidation or merger shall not cause the then-current rating of any class of Notes to be qualified, reduced or withdrawn, or (2) has not confirmed in writing that
such consolidation or merger shall cause the then-current rating of any class of Notes to be qualified, reduced or withdrawn;

(iv)the Issuer shall have received an Opinion of Counsel (and shall have delivered copies thereof to the
Indenture Trustee) to the effect that (A) following such consolidation or merger, for United States federal income tax purposes, the Issuer (or the surviving entity or transferee) will not be classified as an association or a publicly traded
partnership taxable as a corporation, (B) such consolidation or merger will not cause the Notes to be characterized other than as indebtedness for United States federal income tax purposes and (C) such consolidation or merger will not cause the
Notes to be deemed to have been exchanged for purposes of Section 1001 of the Code;

(v)any action that is necessary to maintain the Lien of this Indenture shall have been taken; and

(vi)the Issuer shall have delivered to the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel
each stating that such consolidation or merger and such supplemental indenture comply with this Article and that all conditions precedent herein relating to such transaction have been complied with.

(b)Other than as specifically contemplated by the Basic Documents, the Issuer shall not convey or transfer all or substantially
all of its properties or assets, including those included in the Trust Estate, to any other Person, unless:

(i)the Person that acquires by conveyance or transfer the properties or assets of the Issuer shall (A) be a
United States citizen or a Person organized and existing under the laws of the United States or any State, (B) expressly assume, by an indenture supplemental hereto, executed and delivered to the Indenture Trustee, in form satisfactory to the
Indenture Trustee, the due and punctual payment of the principal of and interest on all Notes and the performance or observance of every agreement and covenant of this Indenture on the part of the Issuer to be performed or observed, all as
provided herein, (C) expressly agree by means of such supplemental indenture that all right, title and interest so conveyed or transferred shall be subject and subordinate to the rights of Noteholders and (D) unless otherwise provided in such
supplemental indenture, expressly agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Issuer against and from any loss, liability or expense arising under or related to this Indenture and the Notes;

(ii)immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and
be continuing;

22

(iii)the Issuer has delivered prior written notice of such consolidation or merger to each Rating Agency and
each Rating Agency, within ten days, either (A) confirms in writing that such consolidation or merger shall not cause the then-current rating of any class of Notes to be qualified, reduced or withdrawn or (B) has not confirmed in writing that
such consolidation or merger shall cause the then-current rating of any class of Notes to be qualified, reduced or withdrawn;

(iv)the Issuer shall have received an Opinion of Counsel (and shall have delivered copies thereof to the
Indenture Trustee) to the effect that (A) following such conveyance or transfer, for United States federal income tax purposes, the Issuer (or the surviving entity or transferee) will not be classified as an association or a publicly
traded partnership taxable as a corporation, (B) such conveyance or transfer will not cause the Notes to be characterized other than as indebtedness for United States federal income tax purposes and (C) such conveyance or transfer will not cause
the Notes to be deemed to have been exchanged for purposes of Section 1001 of the Code;

(v)any action that is necessary to maintain the Lien created by this Indenture shall have been taken; and

(vi)the Issuer shall have delivered to the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel
each stating that such conveyance or transfer and such supplemental indenture comply with this Article and that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to such transaction have been complied with (including any filing required by
the Exchange Act).

Section 3.11. Successor or Transferee.

(a)Upon any consolidation or merger of the Issuer in accordance with Section 3.10(a), the Person formed by or surviving such
consolidation or merger (if other than the Issuer) shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Issuer under this Indenture with the same effect as if such Person had been named as the Issuer herein.

(b) Upon a conveyance or transfer of all the assets and properties of the Issuer pursuant to Section 3.10(b), the Issuer will be released from every covenant and agreement of this Indenture to be observed or
performed on the part of the Issuer with respect to the Notes immediately upon the delivery of written notice to the Indenture Trustee stating that the Issuer is to be so released.

Section 3.12. Servicers Obligations. The Issuer shall cause the Servicer to comply with the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Section 3.13. Guarantees, Loans, Advances and Other Liabilities. Except as otherwise contemplated by the Basic Documents, the Issuer shall not make any loan or advance or credit to, or guarantee (directly
or indirectly or by an instrument having the effect of assuring anothers payment or performance on any obligation or capability of so doing or otherwise), endorse or otherwise become contingently liable, directly or indirectly, in connection
with the obligations, stocks or dividends of, or own, purchase, repurchase or acquire (or agree contingently to do so) any stock, obligations, assets or securities of, or any other interest in, or make any capital contribution to, any other
Person.

23

Section 3.14. Capital Expenditures. The Issuer shall not make any expenditure (by long-term or operating lease or otherwise) for capital assets (either realty or personalty).

Section 3.15. Removal of Administrator. So long as any Notes are Outstanding, the Issuer shall not remove the Administrator without cause without providing prior written notice to the Rating Agencies.

Section 3.16. Restricted Payments. Except as otherwise permitted by the Issuer Basic Documents, the Issuer shall not, directly or indirectly, (i) pay any dividend or make any distribution (by reduction of
capital or otherwise), whether in cash, property, securities or a combination thereof, to the Owner Trustee or any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer or otherwise with respect to any ownership or equity interest or security in or of the
Issuer or to the Servicer, (ii) redeem, purchase, retire or otherwise acquire for value any such ownership or equity interest or security or (iii) set aside or otherwise segregate any amounts for any such purpose; provided, however, that the
Issuer may make, or cause to be made, (a) distributions as contemplated by, and to the extent funds are available for such purpose under, the Sale and Servicing Agreement or the Trust Agreement and (b) payments to the Indenture Trustee pursuant
to Section 1.02(b)(ii) of the Administration Agreement. The Issuer will not, directly or indirectly, make payments to or distributions from the Collection Account, the Note Payment Account or the Reserve Fund, except in accordance with this
Indenture and the other Issuer Basic Documents.

Section 3.17. Notice of Events of Default. The Issuer shall give each Rating Agency and the Indenture Trustee prompt written notice of the occurrence of each Event of Default, each default on the part of
the Seller, the Servicer or the Depositor of their respective obligations under the Sale and Servicing Agreement and each default on the part of the Seller or the Purchaser of their respective obligations under the Receivables Purchase Agreement.

Section 3.18. Further Instruments and Acts. Upon request of the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer will execute and deliver such further instruments and do such further acts as may be reasonably necessary or
proper to carry out more effectively the purpose of this Indenture.

Section 3.19. Compliance with Laws. The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of all Applicable Laws, the noncompliance with which would, individually or in the aggregate, materially and adversely
affect the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Notes, this Indenture or any other Issuer Basic Document.

Section 3.20. Amendments of Sale and Servicing Agreement and Trust Agreement. The Issuer shall not agree to any amendment to Section 9.01 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or Section 11.01 of the Trust
Agreement to eliminate the requirements thereunder that the Indenture Trustee or the Noteholders consent to amendments thereto as provided therein.

24

ARTICLE FOUR

SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE

Section 4.01. Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture. This Indenture shall cease to be of further effect with respect to the Notes except as to (i) rights of
registration of transfer and exchange, (ii) substitution of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes, (iii) rights of Noteholders to receive payments of principal thereof and interest thereon, (iv) Sections 3.03, 3.04, 3.05, 3.08, 3.11, 3.13,
3.14, 3.15, 3.16 and 3.17, (v) the rights, obligations and immunities of the Indenture Trustee hereunder (including the rights of the Indenture Trustee under Section 6.07 and the obligations of the Indenture Trustee under Section 4.02) and (vi)
the rights of Noteholders as beneficiaries hereof with respect to the property so deposited with the Indenture Trustee payable to all or any of them, and the Indenture Trustee, on demand of and at the expense of the Issuer, shall execute proper
instruments acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture with respect to the Notes, when:

(i) either: (A) all Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than Notes (1) that have been destroyed, lost or stolen and that have been
replaced or paid as provided in Section 2.06 and (2) for whose payment money has theretofore been deposited in trust or segregated and held in trust by the Issuer and thereafter repaid to the Issuer or discharged from such trust, as provided in
Section 3.03) have been delivered to the Indenture Trustee for cancellation; or (B) all Notes not theretofore delivered to the Indenture Trustee for cancellation: (1) have become due and payable, (2) will
become due and payable at the Class A4 Final Scheduled Payment Date within one year or (3) are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by the
Indenture Trustee in the name, and at the expense, of the Issuer, and the Issuer, in the case of clauses (1), (2) or (3) above, has irrevocably deposited or caused to be irrevocably deposited with the Indenture Trustee, cash or direct
obligations of or obligations guaranteed by the United States (which will mature prior to the date such amounts are payable), in trust for such purpose, in an amount sufficient to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on such Notes not
theretofore delivered to the Indenture Trustee for cancellation when due to the related Final Scheduled Payment Date or Redemption Date (if Notes shall have been called for redemption pursuant to Section 10.01), as the case may be;

(ii)the Issuer has paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable by the Issuer hereunder and under
any other Issuer Basic Document; and

(iii)the Issuer has delivered to the Depositor and the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate, an Opinion of
Counsel and (if required by the TIA or Section 11.01) an Independent Certificate, each meeting the applicable requirements of Section 11.01(a) and, subject to Section 11.02, each stating that all conditions precedent provided for in this
Indenture relating to the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture have been complied with in all material respects.

25

Section 4.02. Satisfaction, Discharge and Defeasance of the Notes.

(a)Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02(b), the Issuer shall be deemed to have paid and discharged the
entire indebtedness on all the Notes Outstanding, and the provisions of this Indenture, as it relates to such Notes, shall no longer be in effect (and the Indenture Trustee, at the expense of the Issuer, shall execute proper instruments
acknowledging the same), except as to:

(i)the rights of the Noteholders to receive, from the trust funds described in Section 4.02(b)(i), payment of
the principal of and interest on the Notes Outstanding at maturity of such principal or interest;

(ii)the obligations of the Issuer with respect to the Notes under Sections 2.05, 2.06, 3.02 and 3.03;

(iii)the obligations of the Administrator to the Indenture Trustee under Section 6.07; and

(iv)the rights, powers, trusts and immunities of the Indenture Trustee hereunder and the duties of the Indenture
Trustee hereunder.

(b)The satisfaction, discharge and defeasance of the Notes pursuant to Section 4.02(a) is subject to the satisfaction of all of
the following conditions:

(i)the Issuer has deposited or caused to be deposited irrevocably (except as provided in Section 4.04) with
the Indenture Trustee as trust funds in trust, specifically pledged as security for, and dedicated solely to, the benefit of the Noteholders, which, through the payment of interest and principal in respect thereof in accordance with their terms
will provide, not later than one day prior to the due date of any payment referred to below, money in an amount sufficient, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of Independent Accountants expressed in a written certification thereof
delivered to the Indenture Trustee, to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on the Notes Outstanding, for principal thereof and interest thereon to the date of such deposit (in the case of Notes that have become due and payable) or to the
maturity of such principal and interest, as the case may be;

(ii)such deposit will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute an event of default under, any
Issuer Basic Document or other agreement or instrument to which the Issuer is bound;

(iii)no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on the date of such deposit or on the 91st day after
such date; and

(iv)the Issuer has delivered to the Depositor and the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion
of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent provided for in this Indenture relating to the defeasance contemplated by this Section have been complied with in all material respects.

26

Section 4.03. Application of Trust Money. All monies deposited with the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Article shall be held in trust and applied by the
Indenture Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of the Notes and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent, to the Holders of the Notes for the payment or redemption of which such monies have been deposited
with the Indenture Trustee, of all sums due and to become due thereon for principal and interest, but such monies need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required herein or in the Sale and Servicing Agreement or required by
Applicable Law.

Section 4.04. Repayment of Monies Held by Paying Agent. In connection with the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture with respect to the Notes, all monies
then held by any Paying Agent other than the Indenture Trustee under the provisions of this Indenture with respect to such Notes shall, upon demand of the Issuer, be paid to the Indenture Trustee to be held and applied according to Section 3.03
and thereupon such Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability with respect to such monies.

27

ARTICLE FIVE

EVENTS OF DEFAULT; REMEDIES

Section 5.01. Events of Default. Event of Default, whenever used herein, means any one of the following events (whatever the reason for such Event of Default and
whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any Governmental Authority):

(i)default in the payment of any interest on any Note when the same becomes due and payable, and such default
shall continue for a period of five days;

(ii)default in the payment of the principal of any Note on its Final Scheduled Payment Date;

(iii)default in the observance or performance of any material covenant or agreement of the Issuer made in this
Indenture (other than a covenant or agreement, a default in the observance or performance of which is specifically dealt with elsewhere in this Section) and such default shall continue or not be cured for a period of 60 days after there shall
have been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Issuer by the Depositor or the Indenture Trustee or to the Issuer, the Depositor and the Indenture Trustee, by the Holders of Notes evidencing not less than 25% of the Note Balance of the
Notes, a written notice specifying such default and requiring it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default hereunder;

(iv)any representation or warranty of the Issuer made in this Indenture or in any certificate or other writing
delivered pursuant hereto or in connection herewith proving to have been incorrect in any material respect as of the time when the same shall have been made, and the circumstance or condition in respect of which such representation or warranty
was incorrect shall not have been eliminated or otherwise cured for a period of 30 days after there shall have been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Issuer by the Depositor or the Indenture Trustee or to the Issuer, the Depositor
and the Indenture Trustee by the Holders of Notes evidencing not less than 25% of the Note Balance of the Notes, a written notice specifying such incorrect representation or warranty and requiring it to be remedied and stating that such notice
is a Notice of Default hereunder;

(v)the filing of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of the
Issuer or any substantial part of the Trust Estate in an involuntary case under any applicable Insolvency Law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official of
the Issuer or for any substantial part of the Trust Estate, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuers affairs, and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days; or

28

(vi)the commencement by the Issuer of a voluntary case under any applicable Insolvency Law now or hereafter in
effect, or the consent by the Issuer to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such Insolvency Law, or the consent by the Issuer to the appointment or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian,
trustee, sequestrator or similar official of the Issuer or for any substantial part of the Trust Estate, or the making by the Issuer of any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure by the Issuer generally to pay its debts
as such debts become due, or the taking of any action by the Issuer in furtherance of any of the foregoing.

The Issuer shall deliver to the Depositor and the Indenture Trustee, within five days after the occurrence thereof, written notice in the form of an Officers Certificate of any event which with the giving of
notice, the lapse of time or both would become an Event of Default under clause (iii) or (iv) above, its status and what action the Issuer is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto.

Section 5.02. Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment.

(a)If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Indenture Trustee or the Majority Noteholders may declare
the Notes to be immediately due and payable, by a notice in writing to the Issuer (and to the Indenture Trustee if given by Noteholders), the Depositor and the Servicer, and upon any such declaration
the unpaid principal amount of the Notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon through the date of acceleration, shall become immediately due and payable.

(b)If the Notes have been declared immediately due and payable following an Event of Default, before a judgment or decree for
payment of the amount due has been obtained by the Indenture Trustee as hereinafter provided in this Article, the Majority Noteholders, by written notice to the Issuer, the Depositor and the Indenture Trustee, may rescind and annul such
declaration of acceleration and its consequences if:

(i)the Issuer has paid or deposited with the Indenture Trustee a sum sufficient to pay (A) all payments of
principal of and interest on the Notes, (B) all sums paid or advanced by the Indenture Trustee hereunder and the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Indenture Trustee and its agents and counsel and (C) all other
amounts that would then be due hereunder or upon the Notes if the Event of Default giving rise to such acceleration had not occurred; and

(ii)all Events of Default, other than the nonpayment of the principal of the Notes that has become due solely
by such acceleration, have been cured or waived as provided in Section 5.12.

No such rescission shall affect any subsequent default or impair any right consequent thereto.

29

Section 5.03. Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Indenture Trustee.

(a)The Issuer covenants that if there is a default relating to the payment of (i) any interest on any Note when the same becomes
due and payable, and such default continues for a period of five days, or (ii) the principal of any Note on the related Final Scheduled Payment Date, the Issuer will, upon demand of the Indenture Trustee, pay to it, for the benefit of the
Noteholders, the whole amount then due and payable on such Notes for principal and interest, with interest upon the overdue principal at the applicable Interest Rate and, to the extent payment at such rate of interest shall be legally
enforceable, upon overdue installments of interest at the applicable Interest Rate and, in addition thereto, such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including the reasonable compensation,
expenses, disbursements and advances of the Indenture Trustee and its agents and counsel.

(b)In case the Issuer shall fail forthwith to pay amounts described in Section 5.03(a) upon demand, the Indenture Trustee, in
its own name and as trustee of an express trust, may institute a Proceeding for the collection of the sums so due and unpaid, and may prosecute such Proceeding to judgment or final decree, and may enforce the same against the Issuer or other
obligor upon such Notes and collect in the manner provided by Applicable Law out of the property of the Issuer or other obligor upon such Notes, wherever situated, the monies adjudged or decreed to be payable.

(c)If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Indenture Trustee may, as more particularly provided in Section 5.04, in
its discretion, proceed to protect and enforce its rights and the rights of the Noteholders by such appropriate Proceedings as the Indenture Trustee shall deem most effective to protect and enforce such rights, whether for the specific
enforcement of any covenant or agreement in this Indenture or in aid of the exercise of any power granted herein, or to enforce any other proper remedy or legal or equitable right vested in the Indenture Trustee by this Indenture or by
Applicable Law.

(d)In case there shall be pending, relative to the Issuer or any other obligor upon the Notes or any Person having or claiming an
ownership interest in the Trust Estate, Proceedings under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable Insolvency Law, or if a receiver, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, sequestrator or similar official shall have
been appointed for or taken possession of the Issuer or its property or such other obligor or Person, or in case of any other comparable judicial Proceedings relative to the Issuer or other obligor upon the Notes, or to the creditors or
property of the Issuer or such other obligor, the Indenture Trustee, irrespective of whether the principal of any Notes shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Indenture
Trustee shall have made any demand pursuant to the provisions of this Section, shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such Proceedings or otherwise:

(i)to file and prove a claim or claims for the whole amount of principal and interest owing and unpaid in
respect of the Notes and to file such other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Indenture Trustee (including any claim for reasonable compensation to the Indenture Trustee and each predecessor
Indenture Trustee), and their respective agents and counsel and for all expenses and other amounts due and owing to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 6.07 and of the Noteholders allowed in such Proceedings;

(ii)unless prohibited by Applicable Law, to vote on behalf of the Noteholders in any election of a trustee, a
standby trustee or Person performing similar functions in any such Proceedings;

30

(iii)to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to
distribute all amounts received with respect to the claims of the Noteholders and of the Indenture Trustee on their behalf; and

(iv)to file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have
the claims of the Indenture Trustee or the Noteholders allowed in any Proceedings relative to the Issuer, its creditors and its property;

and any trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official in any such Proceeding is hereby authorized by each of such Noteholders to make payments to the Indenture Trustee and, in the event that the Indenture Trustee shall
consent to the making of payments directly to such Noteholders, to pay to the Indenture Trustee such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover reasonable compensation to the Indenture Trustee, each predecessor Indenture Trustee and their respective
agents and counsel, and all other expenses and amounts due and owing to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 6.07.

(e)Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Indenture Trustee to authorize or consent to or vote for or accept
or adopt on behalf of any Noteholder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Notes or the rights of any Holder thereof or to authorize the Indenture Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any
Noteholder in any such Proceeding except, as aforesaid, to vote for the election of a trustee in bankruptcy or similar Person.

(f)All rights of action and of asserting claims under this Indenture, or under any of the Notes, may be enforced by the Indenture
Trustee without the possession of any of the Notes or the production thereof in any trial or other Proceedings relative thereto, and any such action or Proceedings instituted by the Indenture Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee
of an express trust, and any recovery of judgment, subject to the payment of the expenses, disbursements and compensation of the Indenture Trustee, each predecessor Indenture Trustee and their respective agents and attorneys, shall be for the
ratable benefit of the Noteholders.

(g)In any Proceedings brought by the Indenture Trustee (and also any Proceedings involving the interpretation of any provision of
this Indenture to which the Indenture Trustee shall be a party), the Indenture Trustee shall be held to represent all the Noteholders, and it shall not be necessary to make any Noteholder a party to any such Proceedings.

Section 5.04. Remedies.

(a)If the Notes have been declared to be immediately due and payable following an Event of Default, the Indenture Trustee may, or
at the written direction of the Majority Noteholders shall, take one or more of the following actions (subject to Sections 5.02 and 5.05):

(i)institute Proceedings in its own name and as trustee of an express trust for the collection of all amounts
then payable on the Notes or under this Indenture with respect thereto, whether by declaration or otherwise, enforce any judgment obtained and collect from the Issuer and any other obligor upon the Notes monies adjudged due;

31

(ii)institute Proceedings from time to time for the complete or partial foreclosure of this Indenture with
respect to the Trust Estate;

(iii)exercise any remedies of a secured party under the UCC and take any other appropriate action to protect
and enforce the rights and remedies of the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders; and

(iv)sell or otherwise liquidate the Trust Estate or any portion thereof or rights or interest therein, at one
or more public or private sales called and conducted in any manner permitted by Applicable Law;

provided, however, that the Indenture Trustee may not sell or otherwise liquidate the Trust Estate at the direction of the Noteholders following an Event of Default, other than an Event of Default described in
Section 5.01(i) or (ii), unless: (A) the Holders of Notes evidencing 100% of the Note Balance consent thereto, (B) the proceeds of such sale or liquidation will be sufficient to pay in full the Note Balance and all accrued but unpaid interest on
the Outstanding Notes or (C) the Indenture Trustee determines that the Trust Estate will not continue to provide sufficient funds for the payment of principal of and interest on the Notes as they would have become due if the Notes had not been
declared immediately due and payable, and the Indenture Trustee obtains the consent of the Holders of Notes evidencing not less than 66% of the Note Balance of the Notes. In determining such sufficiency or insufficiency with respect to clauses
(B) and (C), the Indenture Trustee may, but need not, obtain and rely upon an opinion of an Independent investment banking or accounting firm of national reputation as to the feasibility of such proposed action and as to the sufficiency of the
Trust Estate for such purpose.

(b)If the Indenture Trustee collects any money or property pursuant to this Article as a result of selling or liquidating the
Trust Estate, it shall pay out such money or property (together with all Available Collections and all amounts on deposit in the Accounts) on the related Payment Date or other date fixed pursuant to Section 5.04(c) in the order of priority set
forth in Section 2.08(f).

(c)If the Indenture Trustee collects any money or property pursuant to this Section, the Indenture Trustee may fix a record date
and payment date for any payment to Noteholders pursuant to this Section. At least five days before such record date, the Indenture Trustee shall mail to each Noteholder and the Servicer a notice that states the record date, the payment date
and the amount to be paid.

Section 5.05. Optional Preservation of the Trust Estate. If the Notes have been declared to be due and payable under Section 5.02 following an Event of Default and
such declaration and its consequences have not been rescinded and annulled, the Indenture Trustee may, but need not, elect to maintain possession of the Trust Estate and continue to apply the proceeds thereof as if there had been no declaration
of acceleration; provided, however, that the Available Funds shall be applied in accordance with such declaration of acceleration in the manner specified in Section 2.08(f). It is the desire of the parties hereto and the Noteholders that there
be at all times sufficient funds for the payment of principal of and interest on the Notes, and the Indenture Trustee shall take such desire into account when determining whether or not to maintain possession of the Trust Estate. In determining
whether to maintain possession of the Trust Estate, the Indenture Trustee may, but need not, obtain and rely upon an opinion of an Independent investment banking or accounting firm of national reputation as to the feasibility of such proposed
action and as to the sufficiency of the Trust Estate for such purpose.

32

Section 5.06. Limitation of Suits. Other than in connection with a dispute resolution pursuant to Section 3.17 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, no Holder of any
Note shall have any right to institute any Proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy hereunder, unless: (i) such Holder has previously given written
notice to the Indenture Trustee of a continuing Event of Default; (ii) the Holders of Notes evidencing not less than 25% of the Note Balance of the Notes have made written request to the Indenture Trustee to institute such Proceeding in respect
of such Event of Default in its own name as Indenture Trustee hereunder; (iii) such Holder or Holders have offered to the Indenture Trustee indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred in
complying with such request; (iv) the Indenture Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity has failed to institute such Proceedings; and (v) no direction inconsistent with such written request has been
given to the Indenture Trustee during such 60day period by the Majority Noteholders.

It is understood and intended that no one or more Noteholders shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of, or by availing of, any provision of this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of
any other Noteholders or to obtain or to seek to obtain priority or preference over any other Noteholders or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner herein provided.

In the event the Indenture Trustee shall receive conflicting or inconsistent requests and indemnity from two or more groups of Holders of Notes, each representing less than 51% of the Note Balance of the Notes, the
Indenture Trustee will take action in accordance with the request given by the Holders representing the greatest Note Balance of the Notes.

Section 5.07. Unconditional Rights of Noteholders to Receive Principal and Interest. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture, the Holder of any Note
shall have the right, which is absolute and unconditional, to receive payment of the principal of and interest, if any, on such Note on or after the respective due dates thereof expressed in such Note or in this Indenture (or, in the case of
redemption, on or after the Redemption Date) and to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment, and such right shall not be impaired without the consent of such Holder.

Section 5.08. Restoration of Rights and Remedies. If the Indenture Trustee or any Noteholder has instituted any Proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this
Indenture and such Proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for any reason or has been determined adversely to the Indenture Trustee or such Noteholder, then and in every such case the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders shall,
subject to any determination in such Proceeding, be restored severally and respectively to their former positions hereunder, and thereafter all rights and remedies of the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders shall continue as though no such
Proceeding had been instituted.

33

Section 5.09. Rights and Remedies Cumulative. No right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Indenture Trustee or the Noteholders is intended to be
exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or
otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy.

Section 5.10. Delay or Omission Not a Waiver. No delay or omission of the Indenture Trustee or any Noteholder to exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any
Default or Event of Default shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Default or Event of Default or an acquiescence therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article or by Applicable

Law to the Indenture Trustee or the Noteholders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Indenture Trustee or the Noteholders, as the case may be.

Section 5.11. Control by Noteholders. The Majority Noteholders shall have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any Proceeding for any remedy
available to the Indenture Trustee with respect to the Notes or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Indenture Trustee; provided, that:

(i)such direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture;

(ii)subject to the terms of Section 5.04, any direction to the Indenture Trustee to sell or liquidate the Trust
Estate shall be by Holders of Notes evidencing not less than 100% of the Note Balance;

(iii)if the conditions set forth in Section 5.05 have been satisfied and the Indenture Trustee elects to retain
the Trust Estate pursuant to such Section, then any direction to the Indenture Trustee by the Holders of Notes evidencing less than 100% of the Note Balance to sell or liquidate the Trust Estate shall be of no force and effect; and

(iv)the Indenture Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Indenture Trustee that is not
inconsistent with such direction.

Notwithstanding the rights of Noteholders set forth in this Section, subject to Section 6.01, the Indenture Trustee need not take any action that it determines might involve it in liability for which it will not be
adequately indemnified or might materially adversely affect the rights of any Noteholders not consenting to such action.

Section 5.12. Waiver of Past Defaults. Prior to the declaration of the acceleration of the maturity of the Notes as provided in Section 5.02, the Majority
Noteholders may, on behalf of all Noteholders, waive any past Default or Event of Default and its consequences except a Default or Event of Default (i) in payment of principal of or interest on any of the Notes or (ii) in respect of a covenant or
provision hereof which cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the Holder of each Note. In the case of any such waiver, such Default or Event of Default shall cease to exist and be deemed to have been cured and not to have occurred
and the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and Noteholders shall be restored to their former positions and rights hereunder, respectively; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right
consequent thereto.

34

Section 5.13. Undertaking for Costs. All parties to this Indenture agree, and each Holder of Note by such Holders acceptance thereof shall be deemed to have
agreed, that any court may in its discretion require, in any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture, or in any suit against the Indenture Trustee for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it as Indenture Trustee,
the filing by any party litigant in such suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit, and that such court may in its discretion assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys fees, against any party litigant in such suit,
having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by such party litigant; provided, however, that the provisions of this Section shall not apply to any suit instituted by (i) the Indenture Trustee, (ii) any Noteholder,
or group of Noteholders, in each case holding Notes evidencing in the aggregate more than 10% of the Note Balance of the Notes or (iii) any Noteholder for the enforce-ment of the payment of principal of or interest on any Note on or after the
respective due dates expressed in such Note and in this Indenture (or, in the case of redemption, on or after the Redemption Date).

Section 5.14. Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws. The Issuer covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, or plead
or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay or extension law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and the Issuer (to the
extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it shall not hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Indenture Trustee, but will suffer and
permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted.

Section 5.15. Action on Notes. The Indenture Trustees right to seek and recover judgment on the Notes or under this Indenture shall not be affected by the seeking,
obtaining or application of any other relief under or with respect to this Indenture. Neither the Lien of this Indenture nor any rights or remedies of the Indenture Trustee or the Noteholders shall be impaired by the recovery of any judgment by
the Indenture Trustee against the Issuer or by the levy of any execution under such judgment upon any portion of the Trust Estate or upon any of the assets of the Issuer. Any money or property collected by the Indenture Trustee shall be applied
in accordance with Section 5.04(b).

Section 5.16. Performance and Enforcement of Certain Obligations.

(a)Promptly following a request from the Indenture Trustee to do so and at the Administrators expense, the Issuer shall take all
such lawful action as the Indenture Trustee may request to compel or secure the performance and observance by the Depositor, the Seller and the Servicer of their respective obligations to the Issuer under or in connection with the Sale and
Servicing Agreement or by the Seller of its obligations under or in connection with the Receivables Purchase Agreement, in each case in accordance with the terms thereof, and to exercise any and all rights, remedies, powers and privileges
lawfully available to the Issuer under or in connection with the Sale and Servicing Agreement or the Receivables Purchase Agreement to the extent and in the manner directed by the Indenture Trustee, including the transmission of notices of
default on the part of the Depositor, the Seller or the Servicer thereunder and the institution of legal or administrative actions or Proceedings to compel or secure performance by the Depositor, the Seller and the Servicer of their respective
obligations under the Sale and Servicing Agreement or the Seller of its obligations under the Receivables Purchase Agreement.

35

(b)If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Indenture Trustee may, and at the direction (which direction shall
be in writing or by telephone (confirmed in writing promptly thereafter)) of Holders of Notes evidencing not less than 66% of the Note Balance of the Notes shall, exercise all rights, remedies, powers, privileges and claims of the Issuer
against the Depositor, the Seller or the Servicer under or in connection with the Sale and Servicing Agreement or against the Seller under or in connection with the Receivables Purchase Agreement, including the right or power to take any action
to compel or secure performance or observance by the Depositor, the Seller or the Servicer, as the case may be, of its obligations to the Issuer thereunder and to give any consent, request, notice, direction, approval, extension or waiver under
the Sale and Servicing Agreement or the Receivables Purchase Agreement, as the case may be, and any right of the Issuer to take such action shall be suspended.

(c)If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Indenture Trustee may, and at the direction (which direction
shall be in writing or by telephone (confirmed in writing promptly thereafter)) of the Holders of Notes evidencing not less than 66% of the Note Balance of the Notes shall, exercise all rights, remedies, powers, privileges and claims of the
Depositor against the Seller under or in connection with the Receivables Purchase Agreement, including the right or power to take any action to compel or secure performance or observance by the Seller of its obligations to the Depositor
thereunder and to give any consent, request, notice, direction, approval, extension or waiver under the Receivables Purchase Agreement, and any right of the Depositor to take such action shall be suspended.

Section 5.17. Sale of Trust Estate. If the Indenture Trustee acts to sell the Trust Estate or any part thereof pursuant to Section 5.04(a), the Indenture Trustee,
at the expense of the Administrator, shall publish a notice in an Authorized Newspaper stating that the Indenture Trustee intends to effect such a sale in a commercially reasonable manner and on commercially reasonable terms, which shall include
the solicitation of competitive bids. Following such publication, the Indenture Trustee shall, unless otherwise prohibited by Applicable Law from any such action, sell the Trust Estate or any part thereof, in such manner and on such terms as
provided above to the highest bidder; provided, however, that the Indenture Trustee may from time to time postpone any sale by public announcement made at the time and place of such sale. The Indenture Trustee shall give notice to the Depositor
and the Servicer of any proposed sale, and each of them shall be permitted to bid for the Trust Estate at any such sale. The Indenture Trustee may obtain a prior determination from a conservator, receiver or trustee in bankruptcy of the Issuer
that the terms and manner of any proposed sale are commercially reasonable. The power to effect any sale of any portion of the Trust Estate pursuant to Section 5.04 and this Section shall not be exhausted by any one or more sales as to any
portion of the Trust Estate remaining unsold, but shall continue unimpaired until the entire Trust Estate shall has been sold or all amounts payable on the Notes shall have been paid.

36

ARTICLE SIX

THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE

Section 6.01. Duties of Indenture Trustee.

(a) If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee has actual knowledge of such Event of Default, the
Indenture Trustee shall exercise the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such persons own
affairs.

(b)Except during the continuance of an Event of Default:

(i)the Indenture Trustee undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth
in this Indenture and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the Indenture Trustee; and

(ii)in the absence of bad faith on its part, the Indenture Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of
the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Indenture Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture; however, the Indenture Trustee shall examine the
certificates and opinions to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture.

(c)The Indenture Trustee may not be relieved from liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act or its
own willful misconduct, except that:

(i)this paragraph does not limit the effect of Section 6.01(b);

(ii)the Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith unless it is proved
that the Indenture Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts; and

(iii)the Indenture Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action it takes or omits to take in good
faith in accordance with a direction received by it pursuant to Sections 5.11 and 7.02.

(d)Every provision of this Indenture that in any way relates to the Indenture Trustee is subject to Sections 6.01(a), (b) and
(c).

(e)The Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for interest on any money received by it except as the Indenture Trustee may agree
in writing with the Issuer.

(f)Money held in trust by the Indenture Trustee need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by
Applicable Law or the terms of this Indenture or the other Basic Documents.

37

(g) No provision of this Indenture shall require the Indenture Trustee to (i) advance, expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur financial liability in the
performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if it shall have reasonable grounds to believe that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably
assured to it or (ii) perform, or be responsible for the performance of, any of the obligations of the Servicer under this Indenture, except during such time, if any, as the Indenture Trustee shall be the successor to, and be vested with the
rights, duties, powers and privileges of the Servicer in accordance with the terms of this Indenture.

(h)Every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording protection to the
Indenture Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of this Section and to the provisions of the TIA.

Section 6.02. Rights of Indenture Trustee.

(a) Except as provided by the second succeeding sentence, the Indenture Trustee may rely on, and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting upon, any resolution, certificate, statement,
instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, approval, bond or any other paper or document (including electronic communications) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper Person. 
Nothing herein shall be construed to impose an obligation on the part of the Indenture Trustee to investigate, evaluate, verify, independently determine or re-calculate any information, statement, representation or warranty or any fact or matter
stated in, or the accuracy of, any such resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, approval, bond or other paper or document and may conclusively rely as to the truth of the
statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Indenture Trustee, upon receipt of all resolutions, certificates, statements, opinions, reports, documents, orders or other instruments
furnished to the Indenture Trustee that shall be specifically required to be furnished pursuant to any provision of this Indenture, shall examine them to determine whether they comply as to form to the requirements of this Indenture.

(b) Before the Indenture Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require an Officers Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel. The Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to
take in good faith in reliance on an Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel.

(c) The Indenture Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents or attorneys or a custodian or nominee, and the Indenture
Trustee shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of, or for the supervision of, any such agent, attorney, custodian or nominee appointed with due care by it hereunder; provided, that any such appointment shall not
release the Indenture Trustee from its obligations and responsibilities hereunder.

(d) The Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith which it believes to be authorized or within its rights or powers; provided, that the Indenture Trustees
conduct does not constitute willful misconduct, negligence or bad faith.

38

(e) The Indenture Trustee may consult with counsel, and the advice of such counsel or Opinion of Counsel with respect to legal matters relating to the Basic Documents and the Notes shall be full and complete
authorization and protection from liability in respect to any action taken, omitted or suffered by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with the advice or opinion of such counsel. The Indenture Trustee may also consult with financial
expert(s) with respect to the performance of its duties under this Indenture, and so long as the Indenture Trustee selects such financial expert(s) with due care, the Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take
in good faith in reliance on the advice of such financial expert(s) and not contrary to this Indenture or any other Basic Document.

(f)The Indenture Trustee shall be under no obligation to, at the request, order or direction of any of the Noteholders
pursuant to this Indenture, (i) exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request, order or direction of any of the Noteholders pursuant to this Indenture or (ii) institute or
conduct or defend litigation or investigate any matter, unless requested to do so by Noteholders evidencing not less than 25% (or such higher percentage provided pursuant to any other applicable provision of this Indenture) of the Note
Balance of the Notes and such Noteholders shall have offered to the Indenture Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by the Indenture
Trustee, its agents and its counsel in compliance with such request or direction.

(g)The Indenture Trustee shall not be deemed to have discovered or to have actual knowledge of any Default, Event of Default,
breach of a representation or warranty or other event unless an Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee has actual knowledge that a Default, Event of Default, breach of a representation or warranty or such other event has in fact occurred
or has received written notice evidencing that an event which is in fact a Default, Event of Default, breach of representation or warranty or such other event has in fact occurred in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture; provided,
however, that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Indenture Trustee shall not be deemed to have actual knowledge of a breach of representation or warranty solely as a result of the receipt and possession by the Indenture Trustee of a Review
Report.

(h)In the absence of willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence on its part, the Indenture Trustee will not be liable for any
action taken or not taken by it in good faith in the administration of any Noteholder vote as to whether to direct the Asset Representations Reviewer to conduct a Review of the Review Assets so long as the administration of such vote conforms
in all material respects to the Indenture Trustees standard internal vote solicitation process in effect at the time of such Noteholder vote.

(i)The Indenture Trustee will not be responsible or liable for a failure or delay in the performance of its obligations under
this Indenture from or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including strikes, work stoppages, acts of war, terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear catastrophes, epidemics or pandemics, fires, floods,
earthquakes, storms, hurricanes or other natural catastrophes and interruptions, unforeseeable loss or failures of mechanical, electronic or communication systems. The Indenture Trustee will use reasonable efforts consistent with accepted
practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances.

39

(j)In no event will the Indenture Trustee have any responsibility to monitor compliance with or enforce compliance with the
credit risk retention requirements for asset-backed securities or other rules or regulations relating to credit risk retention. The Indenture Trustee will not be charged with knowledge of such rules, nor will it be liable to any Noteholder,
Certificateholder, the Depositor, the Servicer or any other Person for violation of such rules now or hereinafter in effect.

(k)The Indenture Trustee shall not be required to take any action it is directed to take under this Indenture if it reasonably
determines in good faith that the action so directed would involve it in personal liability, would be unjustly prejudicial to the non-directing Noteholders, is contrary to law or is inconsistent with this Indenture or any other Basic Document.

(l)The Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for failure to perform its duties hereunder if such failure is a direct or
proximate result of another partys failure to perform its obligations hereunder other than if such other partys failure is caused by the Indenture Trustee's willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence.

(m)The Indenture Trustee's receipt of reports and information hereunder shall not constitute notice of any information contained
therein or determinable therefrom, including a partys compliance with covenants under the Indenture.

(n) Any discretion, permissive right or privilege of the Indenture Trustee to take or refrain from taking actions enumerated in this Indenture shall not be construed as a duty or obligation.

(o) U.S. Bank, in its other capacities under the Basic Documents, shall be afforded the same rights, privileges, protections and indemnities that the Indenture Trustee is given under this Article Six.

Section 6.03. Individual Rights of Indenture Trustee. The Indenture Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may
otherwise deal with the Issuer or its Affiliates with the same rights it would have if it were not Indenture Trustee. Any Paying Agent, Note Registrar, co-registrar or co-paying agent may do the same with like rights. The Indenture Trustee
must, however, comply with Section 6.11.

Section 6.04. Indenture Trustees Disclaimer. The Indenture Trustee shall not be (i) responsible for and makes no representation as to the validity or adequacy of
this Indenture or the Notes (other than authentication of the Notes), (ii) accountable for the Issuers use of the proceeds from the Notes and (iii) responsible for any statement of the Issuer in this Indenture or in any document issued in
connection with the sale of the Notes or in the Notes other than the Indenture Trustees certificate of authentication.

Section 6.05. Notice of Defaults; Notice of Repurchase Requests

(a) If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing and if it is known to a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee, the Indenture Trustee shall mail to each Noteholder notice of such Event of Default
within 30 days after it occurs. Except in the case of an Event of Default in payment of principal of or interest on any Note (including payments pursuant to the redemption provisions of such Note), the Indenture Trustee may withhold notice if
and so long as a committee of its Responsible Officers in good faith determines that withholding the notice is in the interests of Noteholders.

40

(b) Not later than the fifth day of each calendar month (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day), beginning March 5, 2025, the Indenture Trustee shall provide to the
Administrator a notice in substantially the form of Exhibit B with respect to any requests received by a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee from a Noteholder during the immediately preceding calendar month (or, in the case of the
initial notice, since the Closing Date) that any Receivable be repurchased by the Seller pursuant to Section 2.05 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or Section 3.04 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement. The Indenture Trustee and the Issuer
acknowledge and agree that the purpose of this subsection is to facilitate compliance by MBFS USA and the Depositor with Rule 15Ga-1 under the Exchange Act. The Indenture Trustee agrees to comply with reasonable written requests made by MBFS USA
or the Depositor in good faith for delivery of information under these provisions on the basis of evolving interpretations of such Rule. The Indenture Trustee shall cooperate fully with all reasonable written requests of MBFS USA and the
Depositor to deliver any and all records and any other information, in each case in its possession, necessary to permit MBFS USA and the Depositor to comply with the provisions of such Rule.

Section 6.06. Reports and Documents by Indenture Trustee to Noteholders. On or prior to each Payment Date, the Indenture Trustee shall deliver or make available on
its website (https://pivot.usbank.com) to each Noteholder a copy of each Investor Report delivered to it pursuant to Section 3.10 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. The Indenture Trustee shall deliver or make available electronically, within a
reasonable period of time after the end of each calendar year, to each Person who at any time during such calendar year was a Noteholder, such information furnished to the Indenture Trustee as may be required to enable such Person to prepare its
United States federal and State income tax returns. In the event that a Noteholder requests in writing, a complete copy of a Review Report, the Indenture Trustee shall not deliver such complete copy until (a) such Noteholder delivers to the
Indenture Trustee a nondisclosure agreement in a form satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee with respect to the information in such Review Report, (b) such complete copy of the Review Report is redacted by the Servicer prior to such delivery in a
form satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee or (c) the Servicer provides a certificate that, to the certifying officers knowledge, the Review Report does not contain any not publicly available Personally Identifiable Information.

41

Section 6.07. Compensation and Indemnity.

(a)The Issuer shall, or shall cause the Administrator to, pay to the Indenture Trustee from time to time reasonable compensation
for its services pursuant to a fee agreement between the Administrator and the Indenture Trustee. The Indenture Trustees compensation shall not be limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust. The Issuer shall, or
shall cause the Administrator to, reimburse the Indenture Trustee for all reasonable and extraordinary out-of-pocket expenses, disbursements and advances incurred or made by it, including costs of collection, in addition to the compensation for
its services. Such expenses shall include the reasonable compensation and expenses (including extraordinary out-of-pocket expenses), disbursements and advances of the Indenture Trustees agents, counsel, accountants and experts. The Issuer
shall, or shall cause the Administrator to, indemnify and hold harmless the Indenture Trustee and its officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents against any and all loss, liability, tax (other than taxes based on the income of
the Indenture Trustee) or expense (including attorneys fees and the fees of agents and experts) of whatever kind or nature regardless of their merit directly or indirectly incurred by it or them without willful misconduct, negligence or bad
faith (as determined by an order from a court of competent jurisdiction) on their part, arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of the transactions contemplated by this Indenture, including the reasonable costs and
expenses of defending themselves against any claim, loss, damage or liability in connection with the exercise or performance of any of their powers or duties under this Indenture or under any of the other Basic Documents, including any legal
fees or expenses incurred by the Indenture Trustee in connection with the enforcement of the Issuers indemnification or other obligations hereunder. The Indenture Trustee shall notify the Issuer and the Administrator promptly of any claim for
which it may seek indemnity. Failure by the Indenture Trustee to so notify the Issuer and the Administrator shall not relieve the Issuer or the Administrator of its obligations hereunder. The Issuer shall cause the Administrator to, defend
any such claim, and the Indenture Trustee may have separate counsel and the Issuer shall, or shall cause the Administrator to, pay the fees and expenses of such counsel. Neither the Issuer nor the Administrator need reimburse any expense or
indemnify against any loss, liability or expense incurred by the Indenture Trustee through the Indenture Trustees own willful misconduct, negligence or bad faith (as determined by an order from a court of competent jurisdiction).

(b)The Issuers payment obligations to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Section shall survive the discharge of this
Indenture and the resignation or removal of the Indenture Trustee. When the Indenture Trustee incurs expenses after the occurrence of a Default specified in Section 5.01(v) with respect to the Issuer, the expenses are intended to constitute
expenses of administration under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable Insolvency Law.

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event shall the Indenture Trustee be liable for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages of
any kind whatsoever, including lost profits, even if the Indenture Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action.

Section 6.08. Replacement of Indenture Trustee.

(a) No resignation or removal of the Indenture Trustee and no appointment of a successor Indenture Trustee shall become effective until the acceptance of such appointment
by the successor Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Section. The Indenture Trustee may resign at any time by providing 30 days prior written notice to the Issuer, the Administrator, the Depositor and the Noteholders and will provide all
information reasonably requested by the Depositor in order to comply with its reporting obligation under Item 6.02 of Form 8-K under the Exchange Act, with respect to the resignation of the Indenture Trustee. The Majority Noteholders may
remove the Indenture Trustee without cause upon 30 days prior written notice to the Indenture Trustee (with a copy to the Issuer, the Depositor and the Administrator, who shall notify the Rating Agencies) of such removal and, following such
removal, may appoint a successor Indenture Trustee. The Issuer shall remove the Indenture Trustee if (i) the Indenture Trustee fails to comply with Section 6.11, (ii) the Indenture Trustee is adjudged to be bankrupt or insolvent, (iii) a
receiver or other public officer takes charge of the Indenture Trustee or its property or (iv) the Indenture Trustee otherwise becomes incapable of acting.

42

(b) The Depositor may remove the Indenture Trustee with 30 days prior written notice if the Indenture Trustee fails to comply with Section 3.07(e), 6.08 or 6.09
with respect to notice to or providing information to the Depositor, or with Article Nine of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, in each case if such failure continues for the lesser of ten days or such period during which the applicable Exchange
Act Report can be timely filed (without taking into account any extensions).

(c) If the Indenture Trustee resigns or is removed or if a vacancy exists in the office of the Indenture Trustee for any reason (the Indenture Trustee in such event
being referred to herein as the retiring Indenture Trustee), the Administrator shall promptly appoint a successor Indenture Trustee and notify the Depositor of such appointment. Any successor Indenture Trustee shall deliver a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring Indenture Trustee, the Administrator, the Issuer and the Depositor and shall also provide all information reasonably requested
by the Depositor in order to comply with its reporting obligation under the Exchange Act with respect to the replacement Indenture Trustee. Upon delivery of such written acceptance, the resignation or removal of the retiring Indenture Trustee
shall become effective, and the successor Indenture Trustee shall have all the rights, powers and duties of the Indenture Trustee under this Indenture. The successor Indenture Trustee shall mail a notice of its succession to the Noteholders. 
The retiring Indenture Trustee shall promptly transfer all property held by it as Indenture Trustee to the successor Indenture Trustee.

(d)If a successor Indenture Trustee does not take office within 60 days after the retiring Indenture Trustee resigns or is
removed, the retiring Indenture Trustee, the Issuer or the Majority Noteholders may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Indenture Trustee. If the Indenture Trustee fails to comply with Section 6.11,
any Noteholder may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Indenture Trustee and the appointment of a successor Indenture Trustee.

(e) Any resignation or removal of the Indenture Trustee and appointment of a successor Indenture Trustee pursuant to any of the provisions of this Section shall not become
effective until acceptance of appointment by the successor Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Section and payment of all fees and expenses owed to the outgoing Indenture Trustee. Notwithstanding the
replacement of the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Section, the Issuers and the Administrators obligations under Section 6.07 shall continue for the benefit of the retiring Indenture Trustee.

Section 6.09. Successor Indenture Trustee by Merger.

(a) If the Indenture Trustee consolidates with, merges or converts into, or transfers all or substantially all its corporate trust business or assets to, another
corporation or banking association, the resulting, surviving or transferee corporation or banking association, without any further act, shall be the successor Indenture Trustee; provided, that such
corporation or banking association must be otherwise qualified and eligible under Section 6.11. The Indenture Trustee shall provide the Depositor, the Servicer and the Rating Agencies prior written notice of any such transaction.

43

(b) In case at the time such successor or successors by merger, conversion or consolidation to the Indenture Trustee shall succeed to the trusts created by this Indenture any of the Notes shall have been
authenticated but not delivered, any such successor to the Indenture Trustee may adopt the certificate of authentication of any predecessor Indenture Trustee and deliver such Notes so authenticated; and in case at that time any of the Notes shall
not have been authenticated, any successor to the Indenture Trustee may authenticate such Notes either in the name of the predecessor Indenture Trustee hereunder or in the name of the successor to the Indenture Trustee; and in all such cases such
certificates of authentication shall have the full force which it is anywhere in the Notes or in this Indenture provided that the certificate of authentication of the Indenture Trustee shall have.

Section 6.10. Appointment of Co-Trustee or Separate Trustee.

(a)Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture, at any time, for the purpose of meeting any legal requirement of any
jurisdiction in which any part of the Trust Estate may at the time be located, the Indenture Trustee shall have the power and may execute and deliver an instrument to appoint one or more Persons to act as a co-trustee or co-trustees, jointly
with the Indenture Trustee, or separate trustee or separate trustees, of all or any part of the Trust Estate, and to vest in such Person or Persons, in such capacity and for the benefit of the Noteholders, such title to the Trust Estate or any
part thereof, and, subject to the other provisions of this Section, such powers, duties, obligations, rights and trusts as the Indenture Trustee may consider necessary or desirable. No co-trustee or separate trustee hereunder shall be required
to meet the terms of eligibility as a successor trustee under Section 6.11 and no notice to Noteholders of the appointment of any co-trustee or separate trustee shall be required under Section 6.08.

(b)Every separate trustee and co-trustee shall, to the extent permitted by law, be appointed and act subject to the following
provisions and conditions:

(i)all rights, powers, duties and obligations conferred or imposed upon the Indenture Trustee shall be
conferred or imposed upon and exercised or performed by the Indenture Trustee and such separate trustee or co-trustee jointly (it being understood that such separate trustee or co-trustee shall not be authorized to act separately without the
Indenture Trustee joining in such act), except to the extent that under any law of any jurisdiction in which any particular act or acts are to be performed the Indenture Trustee shall be incompetent or unqualified to perform such act or acts,
in which event such rights, powers, duties and obligations (including the holding of title to the Trust Estate or any portion thereof in any such jurisdiction) shall be exercised and performed singly by such separate trustee or co-trustee, but
solely at the direction of the Indenture Trustee;

(ii)no trustee hereunder shall be personally liable by reason of any act or omission of any other trustee
hereunder; and

44

(iii)the Indenture Trustee may at any time accept the resignation of or remove any separate trustee or
co-trustee.

(c)Any notice, request or other writing given to the Indenture Trustee shall be deemed to have been given to each of the then
separate trustees and co-trustees, as effectively as if given to each of them. Every instrument appointing any separate trustee or co-trustee shall refer to this Indenture and the conditions of this Article. Each separate trustee and
co-trustee, upon its acceptance of the trusts conferred, shall be vested with the estates or property specified in its instrument of appointment, either jointly with the Indenture Trustee or separately, as may be provided therein, subject to
all the provisions of this Indenture, specifically including every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct of, affecting the liability of, or affording protection to, the Indenture Trustee. Every such instrument shall be filed with
the Indenture Trustee and a copy thereof given to the Administrator.

(d)Any separate trustee or co-trustee may at any time constitute the Indenture Trustee, its agent or attorney-in-fact with full
power and authority, to the extent not prohibited by law, to do any lawful act under or in respect of this Indenture on its behalf and in its name. If any separate trustee or co-trustee shall die, become incapable of acting, resign or be
removed, all of its estates, properties, rights, remedies and trusts shall vest in and be exercised by the Indenture Trustee, to the extent permitted by law, without the appointment of a new or successor trustee.

Section 6.11. Eligibility; Disqualification. The Indenture Trustee shall at all times satisfy the requirements of TIA Section 310(a). The Indenture Trustee or its
parent shall have a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000 as set forth in its most recent published annual report of condition and shall have a long-term debt rating or long-term issuer rating of A3 or better by Moodys and A
or better by Fitch or shall otherwise be acceptable to each Rating Agency. The Indenture Trustee shall comply with TIA Section 310(b).

Section 6.12. Preferential Collection of Claims Against Issuer. The Indenture Trustee shall comply with TIA Section 311(a), excluding any creditor relationship
listed in TIA Section 311(b). An Indenture Trustee who has resigned or been removed shall be subject to TIA Section 311(a) to the extent indicated.

Section 6.13. Representations and Warranties of Indenture Trustee. The Indenture Trustee hereby makes the following representations and warranties as of the Closing
Date on which the Issuer and the Noteholders shall rely:

(i) the Indenture Trustee is a national banking association duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the United States;

(ii) the Indenture Trustee has full power, authority and legal right to execute, deliver and perform this Indenture and shall have taken all necessary action to authorize the execution,
delivery and performance by it of this Indenture;

(iii) this Indenture is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Indenture Trustee, enforceable in accordance with its terms;

45

(iv) the execution and delivery by the Indenture Trustee of this Indenture, the consummation by the Indenture Trustee of the transactions contemplated by this Indenture and the compliance by
the Indenture Trustee with this Indenture will not (a) violate any law, governmental rule or regulation applicable to the Indenture Trustee or any judgment or decree binding on it or (b) conflict with, result in a breach of, or constitute (with
or without notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, guarantee or similar agreement or instrument to which the Indenture Trustee is a party, in each case which conflict, breach, or
default, would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Indenture Trustees ability to perform its obligations under this Indenture;

(v) neither the Indenture Trustee nor its Affiliates is in material default under any agreement, contract, instrument or indenture of any nature whatsoever to which the Indenture Trustee or
its Affiliates is bound, which default would have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Indenture Trustee to perform its obligations under the Basic Documents to which it is a party;

(vi) to the Indenture Trustees knowledge, there are no proceedings or investigations pending or overtly threatened in writing before Governmental Authority (a) asserting the invalidity of
any of the Basic Documents or the Notes, (b) seeking to prevent the issuance of the Notes or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by any of the Basic Documents or (c) seeking any determination or ruling that would reasonably
be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Indenture Trustees ability to perform its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, any of the Basic Documents or the Notes;

(vii) the Indenture Trustee does not have any reason or cause to believe that it cannot perform each and every covenant that it is making contained in this Indenture; and

(viii) no consent, approval, authorization, or order of any Person, court, or governmental agency or body is required under United States federal law for the execution, delivery, and
performance by the Indenture Trustee, or compliance by it with the Indenture or the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated by the Indenture, or if required has been obtained or can be obtained prior to the execution of the Indenture.

Section 6.14. Furnishing of Monthly Investor Reports and Other Documents. The Indenture Trustee shall furnish or make available electronically to any Noteholder or Note Owner promptly upon receipt of a
written request by such Noteholder or Note Owner therefor (at the expense of the requesting Noteholder or Note Owner), copies of the Basic Documents and duplicates or copies of all reports, notices, requests, demands, certificates and any other
documents furnished to the Indenture Trustee under the Basic Documents.

Section 6.15. Encryption. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any and all communications (both text and attachments) by or from the Indenture Trustee that the Indenture Trustee in its sole
discretion deems to contain confidential, proprietary, and/or sensitive information may be encrypted or made available at the Indenture Trustees website at https://pivot.usbank.com on a password protected basis.

46

ARTICLE SEVEN

NOTEHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS AND REPORTS

Section 7.01. Noteholder List and Noteholder Communications

(a) The Issuer shall furnish or cause to be furnished to the Indenture Trustee (i) not more than five days after each Record Date, a list, in such form as the Indenture Trustee may reasonably require, of the
names and addresses of the Noteholders as of such Record Date and (ii) at such other times as the Indenture Trustee may request in writing, within 30 days after receipt by the Issuer of any such request, a list of similar form and content as of a
date not more than ten days prior to the time such list is furnished; provided, however, that so long as the Indenture Trustee is the Note Registrar or the Notes are issued as Book-Entry Notes, no such list shall be required to be furnished. The Indenture Trustee shall preserve, in as current a form as is reasonably practicable, the names and addresses of the Noteholders contained in the most recent list furnished to the Indenture Trustee as provided
under this Section and the names and addresses of Noteholders received by the Indenture Trustee in its capacity as Note Registrar. The Indenture Trustee may destroy any list furnished to it as provided under this Section upon receipt of a new
list so furnished.

(b)Noteholders may communicate pursuant to TIA Section 312(b) with other Noteholders with respect to their rights under this
Indenture or under the Notes. The Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Note Registrar shall have the protection of TIA Section 312(c).

(c) A Noteholder (if the Notes are represented by Definitive Notes) or a Note Owner (if the Notes are represented by Book-Entry Notes) may communicate with the Indenture Trustee and give notices of events or
occurrences and make requests and demands and give directions to the Indenture Trustee through the procedures of the Clearing Agency and by notifying the Indenture Trustee of such events or occurrences. Any Note Owner must provide a written
certification stating that the Note Owner is a beneficial owner of a Note, together with supporting documentation such as a trade confirmation, an account statement, a letter from a broker or dealer verifying ownership or another similar document
evidencing ownership of a Note. The Indenture Trustee will not be required to take action in response to requests, demands or directions of a Noteholder or a Note Owner, other than requests, demands or directions relating to obligations of the
Indenture Trustee in connection with an asset representations review demand set forth in Section 7.02, unless the Noteholder or Note Owner has offered reasonable security or indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee to protect it
against the fees and expenses that it may incur in complying with the request, demand or direction. If the Indenture Trustee declines to take any actions in connection with a dispute resolution related to a repurchase request due to the failure
of the requesting Noteholder or Note Owner to provide reasonable security or indemnity or for any other reason, then such Noteholder or Note Owner may exercise its rights related to dispute resolution directly as the Requesting Party pursuant
to Section 3.17 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

47

(d) A Noteholder (if the Notes are represented by Definitive Notes) or a Note Owner (if the Notes are represented by Book-Entry Notes) that seeks to communicate with other Noteholders or Note Owners, as
applicable, about a possible exercise of rights under this Indenture or the other Basic Documents may send a request to the Issuer or the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, to include information regarding the communication in a Form 10-D to be
filed by the Issuer with the Commission. Each request must include (i) the name of the requesting Noteholder or Note Owner, (ii) the method by which other Noteholders or Note Owners, as applicable, may contact the requesting Noteholder or Note
Owner and (iii) in the case of a Note Owner, a certification from that Person that it is a Note Owner, together with at least one form of documentation evidencing its ownership of a Note, including a trade confirmation, account statement, letter
from a broker or dealer or similar document. A Noteholder or Note Owner, as applicable, that delivers a request under this subsection will be deemed to have certified to the Issuer and the Servicer that its request to communicate with other
Noteholders or Note Owners, as applicable, relates solely to a possible exercise of rights under this Indenture or the other Basic Documents, and will not be used for other purposes. The Issuer will promptly deliver any request to the Servicer. 
On receipt of a request, the Servicer will include in the Form 10-D filed by the Issuer with the Commission for the Collection Period in which the request was received (A) a statement that the Issuer has received a request from a Noteholder or
Note Owner, as applicable, that is interested in communicating with other Noteholders or Note Owners, as applicable, about a possible exercise of rights under this Indenture or the other Basic Documents, (B) the name of the requesting Noteholder
or Note Owner, (C) the date the request was received and (D) a description of the method by which the other Noteholders or Note Owners, as applicable, may contact the requesting Noteholder or Note Owner.

Section 7.02. Noteholder Demand for Asset Representations Review. If a Delinquency Trigger occurs, a Noteholder (if the Notes are represented by Definitive Notes)
or a Note Owner (if the Notes are represented by Book-Entry Notes) may make a demand on the Indenture Trustee to cause a vote of the Noteholders or Note Owners, as applicable, on whether to direct the Asset Representations Reviewer to conduct a
Review under the Asset Representations Review Agreement. In the case of a Note Owner, each demand must be accompanied by a certification from that Person that it is a Note Owner, together with at least one form of documentation evidencing its
ownership of a Note, including a trade confirmation, account statement, letter from a broker or dealer or similar document. If the Indenture Trustee receives within 90 days of the filing of the Form 10-D reporting the occurrence of the
Delinquency Trigger a written demand from the Noteholders and Note Owners of at least 5.0% of the aggregate Note Balance of the Outstanding Notes (as of the last day of the related Collection Period) to initiate a vote (which shall be conducted
in accordance with its standard internal vote solicitation process at the time) with respect to the Review, then (a) the Indenture Trustee will promptly notify the Servicer and the Administrator thereof and request such vote of the Noteholders
and Note Owners through an applicable Clearing Agency and (b) the Servicer will include in the Form 10-D report for the Collection Period in which such demand was received (i) a statement that Noteholders and Note Owners of a sufficient
percentage of the aggregate Note Balance of the Notes are requesting a full Noteholder vote on whether to direct the Asset Representations Reviewer to conduct a Review and (ii) a description of the applicable voting procedures, including the
applicable voting deadline. The vote will remain open until the 150th day after the filing of that Form 10-D. Assuming a voting quorum of Noteholders and Note Owners holding at least 5.0% of the aggregate Note Balance of the Outstanding Notes
(as of the last day of the related Collection Period) is reached, if the Noteholders and Note Owners of a majority of the Note Balance of Outstanding Notes voted to agree to a Review, the Indenture Trustee will promptly send a Review Notice to
the Asset Representations Reviewer and the Servicer informing the Asset Representations Reviewer to commence the Review under the Asset Representations Review Agreement and stating that such Review Notice is being delivered pursuant to this
Section and Section 3.01 of the Asset Representations Review Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Indenture Trustee shall not be required to (i) determine whether, or give notice to Noteholders that, a Delinquency Trigger has occurred or
(ii) determine which assets are subject to Review by an Asset Representations Reviewer. The Indenture Trustee may select a vote agent that is experienced in the administration of Noteholder votes and/or consent solicitations to conduct and
administer any Noteholder vote about whether to direct the Asset Representations Reviewer to conduct a Review of the Review Assets and, so long as the Indenture Trustee selects such vote agent with due care, the Indenture Trustee will not be
liable for any actions or inactions of such vote agent.

48

Section 7.03. Reports by Issuer.

(a)The Issuer shall:

(i)file with the Indenture Trustee, within 15 days after the Issuer is required to file the same with the
Commission, copies of the annual reports and the information, documents and other reports (or copies of such portions of any of the foregoing as the Commission may from time to time by rules and regulations prescribe) that the Issuer may be
required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act;

(ii)file with the Indenture Trustee and the Commission, in accordance with rules and regulations prescribed
from time to time by the Commission, such additional information, documents and reports with respect to compliance by the Issuer with the conditions and covenants of this Indenture as may be required from time to time by such rules and
regulations; and

(iii)supply to the Indenture Trustee (and the Indenture Trustee shall mail to all Noteholders described in TIA
Section 313(c)) such summaries of any informa-tion, documents and reports required to be filed by the Issuer pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) of this Section 7.03(a) and by the rules and regulations prescribed from time to time by the
Commission.

(b)Unless the Issuer otherwise determines, the fiscal year of the Issuer shall end on December 31 of each year.

Section 7.04. Reports by Indenture Trustee.

(a) If required by TIA Section 313(a), within 60 days after each December 15 beginning with December 15, 2025, the Indenture Trustee shall mail to each Noteholder as required by TIA Section 313(c), a brief
report dated as of such date that complies with TIA Section 313(a). The Indenture Trustee shall also comply with TIA Section 313(b).

(b) The Indenture Trustee shall provide to the Administrator and the Servicer, to be filed by the Administrator or the Servicer with the Commission and each securities exchange, if any, on which the Notes
are listed, a copy of each report mailed to Noteholders pursuant to this Indenture. The Issuer shall notify the Indenture Trustee if and when the Notes are listed on any securities exchange.

49

ARTICLE EIGHT

ACCOUNTS, DISBURSEMENTS AND RELEASES

Section 8.01. Collection of Money. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Indenture Trustee may demand payment or delivery of, and shall receive and
collect, directly and without intervention or assistance of any fiscal agent or other intermediary, all money and other property payable to or receivable by the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Indenture and the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 
The Indenture Trustee shall apply all such money received by it as provided in this Indenture and the Sale and Servicing Agreement. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Indenture, if any default occurs in the making of any payment or
performance under any agreement or instrument that is part of the Trust Estate, the Indenture Trustee may take such action as may be appropriate to enforce such payment or performance, including the institution and prosecution of appropriate
Proceedings. Any such action shall be without prejudice to any right to claim a Default or Event of Default under this Indenture and any right to proceed thereafter as provided in Article Five.

Section 8.02. Accounts.

(a)On or before the Closing Date, the Issuer shall cause the Servicer to establish and maintain, at the Securities Intermediary,
on behalf and in the name of the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Securityholders, the Collection Account as provided in Section 4.01(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. On or before each Payment Date, the Servicer shall deposit
in the Collection Account all amounts required to be deposited therein with respect to the preceding Collection Period as provided in Sections 4.04 and 4.07 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. On each Payment Date, the Indenture Trustee shall
apply or cause to be applied the amount on deposit in the Collection Account on such Payment Date in accordance with Section 2.08(a) (or following the acceleration of the Notes after the occurrence of an Event of Default, in accordance with
Section 2.08(f)).

(b)On or before the Closing Date, the Issuer shall cause the Servicer to establish and maintain, at the Securities Intermediary,
on behalf of the Indenture Trustee, in the name of the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders, the Reserve Fund as provided in Sections 4.01 and 4.02 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. On or before each Payment Date, upon
receipt of instructions from the Servicer pursuant to Section 4.08(c) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Indenture Trustee, directly or through the Paying Agent, shall withdraw or cause to be withdrawn from the Reserve Fund and deposit in
the Collection Account, the Reserve Fund Draw Amount, if any, for such Payment Date.

(c) On or before the Closing Date, the Issuer shall cause the Servicer to establish and maintain, at the Securities Intermediary, on behalf and in the name of the
Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders, the Note Payment Account as provided in Section 4.01(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. On each Payment Date, the Indenture Trustee shall, directly or through the Paying Agent, apply or
cause to be applied the amount on deposit in the Note Payment Account on such Payment Date in accordance with Section 2.08.

50

Section 8.03. General Provisions Regarding Accounts.

(a)For so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, all or a portion of the funds in the
Accounts shall be invested by the Servicer or the Indenture Trustee at the written direction of the Servicer, as applicable, in Eligible Investments as provided in Sections 4.01 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. All income or other gain
(net of losses and investment expenses) from investments of monies deposited in the Accounts shall be withdrawn (or caused to be withdrawn) by the Indenture Trustee, from such accounts and distributed (but only under the circumstances set forth
in the Sale and Servicing Agreement) as provided in Sections 4.01, 4.02, 4.05, 4.06, 4.07 and 4.08 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. The Servicer shall not and shall not direct the Indenture Trustee to make any investment of any funds or to
sell any investment held in any of the Accounts unless the security interest granted and perfected in such Account will continue to be perfected in such investment or the proceeds of such sale, in either case without any further action by any
Person, and, in connection with any direction to the Indenture Trustee to make any such investment or sale, if requested by the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer shall deliver to the Indenture Trustee an Opinion of Counsel, acceptable to the
Indenture Trustee, to such effect.

(b) Subject to Section 6.01(c), neither the Indenture Trustee nor the Securities Intermediary will be liable by reason of any insufficiency in any of the Accounts
resulting from any loss on any Eligible Investment included therein except for losses attributable to the Indenture Trustees failure to make payments on such Eligible Investments issued by the Indenture Trustee, in its commercial capacity as
principal obligor and not as trustee.

(c) If the Securities Intermediary on behalf of the Indenture Trustee is the entity maintaining the Accounts and (i) the Servicer shall have failed to give written
investment directions for any funds on deposit in the Accounts to the Indenture Trustee by 2:00 p.m., New York City time (or such other time as may be agreed upon by the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee), on the Business Day preceding the day
such investment will be made, (ii) to the knowledge of an Authorized Officer of the Indenture Trustee, a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing but the Notes shall not have been declared due and payable pursuant to
Section 5.02 or (iii) if the Notes shall have been declared due and payable following an Event of Default but amounts collected or receivable from the Trust Estate are being applied in accordance with Section 5.05 as if there had not been such a
declaration, then the Indenture Trustee upon actual knowledge by a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee of such event shall, to the fullest extent practicable, invest and reinvest funds in the Accounts in the investments described in the
most recent written investment direction to the Indenture Trustee from the Servicer.

(d)For so long as no Event of Default resulting in the Notes having being declared immediately due and payable shall have
occurred and be continuing, the Issuer shall retain the authority to institute, participate and join in any plan of reorganization, readjustment, merger or consolidation with respect to the issuer of any investments of funds in the Accounts,
and, in general, to exercise each and every other power or right with respect to each such investment, including the power to exercise any voting rights in respect of such investments.

51

Section 8.04. Release of Trust Estate.

(a)Subject to the payment of its fees and expenses pursuant to Section 6.07, the Indenture Trustee may, and when required by the
provisions of this Indenture shall, execute instruments to release property from the Lien of this Indenture, or convey the Indenture Trustees interest in the same, in a manner and under circumstances that are not inconsistent with the
provisions of this Indenture. No party relying upon an instrument executed by the Indenture Trustee as provided in this Article shall be bound to ascertain the Indenture Trustees authority, inquire into the satisfaction of any conditions
precedent or see to the application of any monies.

(b)The Indenture Trustee shall, at such time as there are no Notes Outstanding and all sums due to the Indenture Trustee pursuant
to Section 6.07 have been paid in full, release any remaining portion of the Trust Estate that secured the Notes from the Lien of this Indenture and release to the Issuer or any other Person entitled thereto any funds then on deposit in the
Accounts. The Indenture Trustee shall release property from the Lien of this Indenture pursuant to this subsection only upon receipt of an Issuer Request accompanied by an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel and, if required by the
TIA or Section 11.01, Independent Certificates in accordance with TIA Sections 314(c) and 314(d)(1), and otherwise in accordance with the applicable requirements of Section 11.01.

Section 8.05. Opinion of Counsel. The Indenture Trustee shall receive at least seven days notice when requested by the Issuer to take any action pursuant to
Section 8.04(a), accompanied by copies of any instruments involved, and the Indenture Trustee shall also require, except in connection with any action contemplated by Section 8.04(b), as a condition to such action, an Opinion of Counsel, in form
and substance satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee, stating the legal effect of any such action, outlining the steps required to complete such action, and concluding that all conditions precedent to the taking of such action have been complied
with and such action will not materially and adversely impair the security for the Notes or the rights of the Noteholders in contravention of the provisions of this Indenture; provided, however, that such Opinion of Counsel shall not be required
to express an opinion as to the fair value of the Trust Estate. Counsel rendering any such opinion may rely, without independent investigation, on the accuracy and validity of any certificate or other instrument delivered to the Indenture
Trustee in connection with any such action.

52

ARTICLE NINE

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES

Section 9.01. Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Noteholders.

(a) The Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, when authorized by an Issuer Order, may, without the consent of any Holders of any Notes but with prior written notice to the Rating Agencies, at any time and from
time to time, enter into one or more indentures supplemental hereto, in form satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee, for any of the following purposes:

(i)to correct or amplify the description of any property at any time subject to the Lien of this Indenture, or
better to assure, convey and confirm unto the Indenture Trustee any property subject or required to be subjected to the Lien of this Indenture, or to subject to the Lien of this Indenture additional property;

(ii)to evidence the succession, in compliance with the applicable provisions hereof, of another Person to the
Issuer, and the assumption by any such successor of the covenants of the Issuer herein and in the Notes contained;

(iii)to add to the covenants of the Issuer, for the benefit of the Noteholders, or to surrender any right or
power herein conferred upon the Issuer;

(iv)to convey, transfer, assign, mortgage or pledge any property to or with the Indenture Trustee;

(v)to cure any ambiguity or mistake, to correct or supplement any provision herein or in any supplemental
indenture that may be inconsistent with any other provision herein or in any other Basic Document, any supplemental indenture or the Prospectus;

(vi) to evidence and provide for the acceptance of the appointment hereunder by a successor trustee with respect to the Notes and to add to or change
any of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be necessary to facilitate the administration of the trusts hereunder by more than one trustee, pursuant to the requirements of Article Six;

(vii) to modify, eliminate or add to the provisions of this Indenture to such extent as shall be necessary to effect the qualification of this
Indenture under the TIA or under any similar federal statute hereafter enacted and to add to this Indenture such other provisions as may be expressly required by the TIA or the rules and regulations of the Commission; or

(viii) to add any provisions to, or change in any manner or eliminate any of the provisions of, this Indenture or to modify in any manner the rights of the Holders of the Notes under this
Indenture;

53

provided, however, that no such supplemental indenture (i) may materially adversely affect the interests of any Noteholder and (ii) will be permitted unless an Opinion of Counsel is delivered to the Indenture
Trustee to the effect that such supplemental indenture will not cause (A) the Issuer to be classified as an association or a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes or (B) the Notes to be
characterized other than as indebtedness for United States federal income tax purposes. The Indenture Trustee is hereby authorized to join in the execution of any such supplemental indenture and to make any further appropriate agreements and
stipulations that may be therein contained. In addition, any supplement which affects the Owner Trustee shall require its written consent.

(b) A supplemental indenture shall be deemed not to materially adversely affect the interests of any Noteholder if (i) the Person requesting such supplemental indenture obtains and delivers to the Indenture
Trustee an Opinion of Counsel or an Officers Certificate of the Issuer, in either case to the effect that the supplemental indenture would not materially adversely affect the interests of any Noteholder or (ii) the Rating Agency Condition has
been satisfied with respect to the supplemental indenture.

(c) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 9.01, in Section 9.02 or in any Basic Document to the contrary, this Indenture (including the defined terms set forth in Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing
Agreement and used herein) may be amended by the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Paying Agent (when so directed by an Issuer Order), without the consent of the Noteholders or any other Person and without satisfying any other amendment
provisions of this Indenture or any other Basic Document, to implement any SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or, following the determination of a Benchmark Replacement, any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; provided, that the Issuer has
delivered notice of such amendment to the Rating Agencies on or prior to the date such amendment is executed; provided, further, that any such SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or any such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes shall not
affect the rights, indemnities or obligations of the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee or the Paying Agent without the Owner Trustee's, the Indenture Trustee's or the Paying Agent's consent, respectively. For the avoidance of doubt, any SOFR
Adjustment Conforming Changes or any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in any amendment to this Indenture may be retroactive (including retroactive to the Benchmark Replacement Date) and this Indenture may be amended more than once in
connection with any SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes.

Section 9.02. Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Noteholders. The Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, when authorized by an Issuer Order, may, with the consent
of the Majority Noteholders and with prior written notice to the Rating Agencies, by Act of such Holders delivered to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, at any time and from time to time enter into one or more indentures supplemental hereto
for the purpose of adding any provisions to, or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of, this Indenture or modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders of the Notes under this Indenture; provided, however, that no such
supplemental indenture will be permitted unless an Opinion of Counsel is delivered to the Indenture Trustee to the effect that such supplemental indenture will not (a) cause the Issuer to be classified as an association or a publicly traded
partnership taxable as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes or (b) cause the Notes to be characterized other than as indebtedness for United States federal income tax purposes; and, provided further, that no such
supplemental indenture may, without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Note, to the extent any such Person is materially and adversely affected by such supplemental indenture:

54

(i) change any Final Scheduled Payment Date or the date of payment of any installment of principal of or interest on any Note, or reduce the principal amount thereof, the Interest Rate
applicable thereto or the Redemption Price with respect thereto, change the provisions of this Indenture relating to the application of collections on, or the proceeds of the sale of, the Trust Estate to payment of principal of or interest on the
Notes, or change any place of payment where, or the coin or currency in which, any Note or the interest thereon is payable, or impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of the provisions of this Indenture requiring the application of
funds available therefor, as provided in Article Five, to the payment of any such amount due on the Notes on or after the respective due dates thereof (or, in the case of redemption, on or after the Redemption Date);

(ii) reduce the percentage of the Note Balance, the consent of the Holders of Notes of which is required for any such supplemental indenture, or the consent of the Holders of Notes of which
is required for any waiver of compliance with certain provisions of hereunder or certain defaults and their consequences provided for in this Indenture;

(iii) modify or alter (A) the provisions of the proviso to the definition of the term Outstanding or (B) the definition of the term Note Balance;

(iv) reduce the percentage of the Note Balance required to direct the Indenture Trustee to sell or liquidate the Trust Estate pursuant to Section 5.04 if the proceeds of such sale or
liquidation would be insufficient to pay in full the principal amount of and accrued but unpaid interest on the Notes;

(v) reduce the percentage of the Note Balance the consent of the Holders of Notes of which is required for any such supplemental indenture amending the provisions of this Indenture which
specify the applicable percentage of the Note Balance of the Notes the consent of which is required for such supplemental indenture or the amendment of any other Basic Document;

(vi) modify any provision of this Section except to increase any percentage specified herein or to provide that certain additional provisions of this Indenture or the other Basic Documents
cannot be modified or waived without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Note affected thereby;

(vii) modify any of the provisions of this Indenture in such manner as to affect the calculation of the amount of any payment of interest or principal due on any Note on any Payment Date
(including the calculation of any of the individual components of such calculation) or to affect the rights of the Holders of Notes to the benefit of any provisions for the mandatory redemption of the Notes contained herein;

(viii) permit the creation of any Lien ranking prior to or on a parity with the Lien of this Indenture with respect to any part of the Trust Estate or, except as otherwise permitted or
contemplated herein, terminate the Lien of this Indenture on any property at any time subject hereto or deprive the Noteholders of the security provided by the Lien of this Indenture; or

55

(ix) impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of payment as provided in Section 5.07.

In addition, any supplement which affects the Owner Trustee shall require the Owner Trustees written consent.

The Indenture Trustee may in its discretion determine whether or not any Notes would be affected by any supplemental indenture and any such determination shall be conclusive upon the Holders of all Notes, whether
theretofore or thereafter authenticated and delivered hereunder. The Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for any such determination made in good faith.

It shall not be necessary for any Act of Noteholders under this Section to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental indenture, but it shall be sufficient if such Act shall approve the substance
thereof.

Promptly after the execution by the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee of any supplemental indenture pursuant to this Section, the Indenture Trustee shall mail to the Noteholders to which such supplemental indenture
relates a notice setting forth in general terms the substance of such supplemental indenture. Any failure of the Indenture Trustee to mail such notice, or any defect therein, shall not, however, in any way impair or affect the validity of any
such supplemental indenture.

Section 9.03. Execution of Supplemental Indentures. In executing, or permitting the additional trusts created by, any supplemental indenture permitted by this
Article or the modification thereby of the trusts created by this Indenture, the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to receive, and subject to Sections 6.01 and 6.02, shall be fully protected in relying upon, an Opinion of Counsel stating that
the execution of such supplemental indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture and that all conditions precedent in this Indenture to the execution and delivery of such supplemental indenture have been satisfied. The Indenture Trustee
may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such supplemental indenture that affects the Indenture Trustees rights, duties, liabilities or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise. Any supplemental indenture that affects the Owner
Trustees rights, duties, liabilities or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise shall require the written consent of the Owner Trustee.

Section 9.04. Effect of Supplemental Indenture. Upon the execution of any supple-mental indenture pursuant to the provisions hereof, this Indenture shall be and
shall be deemed to be modified and amended in accordance therewith with respect to the Notes affected thereby, and the respective rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties, liabilities and immunities under this Indenture of the Indenture
Trustee, the Issuer and the Noteholders shall thereafter be determined, exercised and enforced hereunder subject in all respects to such modifications and amendments, and all the terms and conditions of any such supplemental indenture shall be
and be deemed to be part of the terms and conditions of this Indenture for any and all purposes.

Section 9.05. Conformity with Trust Indenture Act. Every amendment of this Indenture and every supplemental indenture executed pursuant to this Article shall
conform to the requirements of the TIA as then in effect so long as this Indenture shall then be qualified under the TIA.

Section 9.06. Reference in Notes to Supplemental Indentures. Notes authenticated and delivered after the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to this Article may, and if required by the
Indenture Trustee shall, bear a notation in form approved by the Indenture Trustee as to any matter provided for in such supplemental indenture. If the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee shall so determine, new Notes so modified as to conform, in
the opinion of the Indenture Trustee and the Issuer, to any such supplemental indenture may be prepared and executed by the Issuer and authenticated and delivered by the Indenture Trustee in exchange for Outstanding Notes.

56

ARTICLE TEN

REDEMPTION OF NOTES

Section 10.01. Redemption. The Notes are subject to redemption in whole, but not in part, at the direction of the Servicer pursuant to Section 8.01 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, on any Payment Date
on which the Servicer exercises its option to purchase the assets of the Issuer pursuant to said Section, and the amount paid by the Servicer shall be treated as collections in respect of the Receivables and applied to pay all amounts due to the
Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Total Trustee Fees, the Asset Representations Reviewer Fees and the unpaid principal amount of the Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon. The Servicer or the Issuer shall furnish each
Rating Agency notice of such redemption. If the Notes are to be redeemed pursuant to this Section, the Servicer shall furnish notice of such redemption to the Indenture Trustee, the Depositor and the Rating Agencies, not fewer than ten nor more
than 30 days prior to the Redemption Date and the Issuer will, or will cause the Servicer to, irrevocably deposit, by 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Business Day prior to the Redemption Date, with the Indenture Trustee in the Collection
Account the Redemption Price of the Notes to be redeemed (all or a portion of which deposit may be made from Available Funds), whereupon all such Notes shall be due and payable on the Redemption Date upon the furnishing of a notice complying with
Section 10.02 to each Noteholder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any accounts held by the Indenture Trustee may remain open for 30 days after the Redemption Date.

Section 10.02. Form of Redemption Notice. Notice of redemption under Section 10.01 shall be given by the Indenture Trustee by first-class mail, postage prepaid, or
by facsimile and mailed or transmitted not later than ten days prior to the applicable Redemption Date to each Holder of Notes, as of the close of business on the Record Date preceding the applicable Redemption
Date, at such Noteholders address or facsimile number appearing in the Note Register.

All notices of redemption shall state:

(i)the Redemption Date;

(ii)the Redemption Price;

(iii)the place where such Notes are to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price (which shall be the
office or agency of the Issuer to be maintained as provided in Section 3.02);

(iv)the applicable CUSIP number(s); and

(v)that on the Redemption Date, the Redemption Price will become due and payable upon each Note and that
interest thereon shall cease to accrue from and after the Redemption Date.

57

Notice of redemption of the Notes shall be given by the Indenture Trustee in the name and at the expense of the Issuer. Failure to give notice of redemption, or any defect therein, to any Noteholder shall not impair
or affect the validity of the redemption of any other Note.

Section 10.03. Notes Payable on Redemption Date. The Notes to be redeemed shall, following notice of redemption as required by Section 10.02, on the Redemption Date
become due and payable at the Redemption Price and (unless the Issuer shall default in the payment of the Redemption Price) no interest shall accrue on the Redemption Price for any period after the date to which accrued interest is calculated for
purposes of calculating the Redemption Price.

58

ARTICLE ELEVEN

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 11.01. Compliance Certificates and Opinions, Etc.

(a)Upon any application or request by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee to take any action under any provision of this
Indenture, the Issuer shall furnish to the Indenture Trustee (i) an Officers Certificate stating that all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been complied with, (ii) an Opinion of
Counsel stating that in the opinion of such counsel all such conditions precedent, if any, have been complied with and (iii) if required by Section 11.01(b)(ii) or the TIA, an Independent Certificate, except that, in the case of any such
application or request as to which the furnishing of such documents is specifically required by any provision of this Indenture, no additional certificate or opinion need be furnished.

Every certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture shall include:

(i)a statement that each signatory of such certificate or opinion has read or has caused to be read such
covenant or condition and the definitions herein relating thereto;

(ii)a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements
or opinions contained in such certificate or opinion are based;

(iii)a statement that, in the opinion of each signatory, such signatory has made such examination or
investigation as is necessary to enable such signatory to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with; and

(iv)a statement as to whether, in the opinion of each signatory, such condition or covenant has been complied
with.

(b) (i) Prior to the deposit of any Collateral or other property or securities
with the Indenture Trustee that is to be made the basis for the release of any property or securities subject to the Lien of this Indenture, the Issuer shall, in addition to any obligation imposed in Section 11.01(a) or elsewhere in this
Indenture, deliver to the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate certifying or stating the opinion of each individual signing such certificate as to the fair value (within 90 days of such deposit) to the Issuer of the Collateral or other
property or securities to be so deposited.

59

(ii)Whenever the Issuer is required to furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate certifying or
stating the opinion of any signer thereof as to the matters described in clause (i) above, the Issuer shall also furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Independent Certificate as to the same matters, if the fair value to the Issuer of the property
or securities to be so deposited and of all other such securities made the basis of any such withdrawal or release since the commencement of the then-current fiscal year of the Issuer, as set forth in the certificates furnished pursuant to
clause (i) above and this clause (ii), is 10% or more of the Note Balance, but such a certificate need not be furnished with respect to any property or securities so deposited, if the fair value thereof to the Issuer as set forth in the related
Officers Certificate is less than $25,000 or less than 1% of the Note Balance.

(iii)Other than with respect to any release described in clause (A) or (B) of Section 11.01(b)(v), whenever any
property or securities are to be released from the Lien of this Indenture, the Issuer shall also furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate certifying or stating the opinion of each person signing such certificate as to the fair
value (within 90 days of such release) of the property or securities proposed to be released and stating that in the opinion of such person the proposed release will not impair the security under this Indenture in contravention of the
provisions hereof.

(iv)Whenever the Issuer is required to furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate certifying or
stating the opinion of any signer thereof as to the matters described in clause (iii) above, the Issuer shall also furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Independent Certificate as to the same matters if the fair value of the property or
securities and of all other property (other than property described in clauses (A) or (B) of Section 11.01(b)(v)) released from the Lien of this Indenture since the commencement of the then-current calendar year, as set forth in the
certificates required by clause (iii) above and this clause (iv), equals 10% or more of the Note Balance, but such certificate need not be furnished in the case of any release of property or securities if the fair value thereof as set forth in
the related Officers Certificate is less than $25,000 or less than 1% of the Note Balance at the time of such release.

(v)Notwithstanding Section 2.13 or any other provision of this Section, the Issuer may, without compliance with
the requirements of the other provisions of this Section, (A) collect, liquidate, sell or otherwise dispose of Receivables and Financed Vehicles as and to the extent permitted or required by the Basic Documents and (B) make cash payments out of
the Accounts as and to the extent permitted or required by the Basic Documents.

Section 11.02. Form of Documents Delivered to Indenture Trustee.

(a)In any case where several matters are required to be certified by, or covered by an opinion of, any specified Person, it is
not necessary that all such matters be certified by, or covered by the opinion of, only one such Person, or that they be so certified or covered by only one document, but one such Person may certify or give an opinion with respect to some
matters and one or more other such Persons as to other matters, and any such Person may certify or give an opinion as to such matters in one or several documents.

60

(b)Any certificate or opinion of an Authorized Officer of the Issuer may be based, insofar as it relates to legal matters, upon a
certificate or opinion of, or representations by, counsel, unless such officer knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to the matters upon which such Officers
Certificate or opinion is based are erroneous. Any such certificate of an Authorized Officer or Opinion of Counsel may be based, insofar as it relates to factual matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, an
officer or officers of the Seller, the Servicer, the Depositor, the Issuer or the Administrator, stating that the information with respect to such factual matters is in the possession of the Seller, the
Servicer, the Depositor, the Issuer or the Administrator, unless such Authorized Officer or counsel knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to such matters are
erroneous.

(c)Where any Person is required to make, give or execute two or more applications, requests, consents, certificates, statements,
opinions or other instruments under this Indenture, they may, but need not, be consolidated and form one instrument.

(d)Whenever in this Indenture, in connection with any application or certificate or report to the Indenture Trustee, it is
provided that the Issuer shall deliver any document as a condition of the granting of such application, or as evidence of the Issuers compliance with any term hereof, it is intended that the truth and accuracy, at the time of the granting of
such application or at the effective date of such certificate or report (as the case may be), of the facts and opinions stated in such document shall in such case be conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer to have such application
granted or to the sufficiency of such certificate or report. The foregoing shall not, however, be construed to affect the Indenture Trustees right to rely upon the truth and accuracy of any statement or opinion contained in any such document
as provided in Article Six.

Section 11.03. Acts of Noteholders.

(a)Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided by this Indenture to be given
or taken by Noteholders may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such Noteholders in person or by agents duly appointed in writing; and except as herein otherwise expressly provided
such action shall become effective when such instrument or instruments are delivered to the Indenture Trustee and, where it is hereby expressly required, to the Issuer. Such instrument or instruments (and the action embodied therein and
evidenced thereby) are herein sometimes referred to as the Act of the Noteholders signing such instrument or instruments. Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such agent shall be sufficient for any purpose
of this Indenture and (subject to Section 6.01) conclusive in favor of the Indenture Trustee and the Issuer, if made in the manner provided in this Section.

(b)The fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such instrument or writing may be proved in any manner that the
Indenture Trustee deems sufficient.

(c)The ownership of Notes shall be proved by the Note Register.

(d)Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action by the Holder of any Note shall bind
the Holder of every Note issued upon the registration thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof, in respect of anything done, omitted or suffered to be done by the Indenture Trustee or the Issuer in reliance thereon, whether or not
notation of such action is made upon such Note.

61

Section 11.04. Notices, etc., to Indenture Trustee, Issuer, Depositor and Rating Agencies. Unless otherwise specified in this Indenture, all notices, requests,
demands, consents, waivers, Act of Noteholders or other communications to or from the parties to this Indenture will be in writing. Notices, requests, demands, consents and other communications will be deemed to have been given and made, (i)
upon delivery or, in the case of a letter mailed via registered first class mail, postage prepaid, three days after deposit in the mail and (ii) in the case of (a) a facsimile, when receipt is confirmed by telephone or by reply e-mail or reply
facsimile from the recipient, (b) an e-mail, when receipt is confirmed by telephone or by reply e-mail from the recipient and (c) an electronic posting to a password-protected website, upon printed confirmation of the recipients access to such
password-protected website. Unless otherwise specified in this Indenture, any such notice, request, demand, consent or other communication will be delivered or addressed, in the case of (i) the Indenture Trustee by any Noteholder or by the
Issuer at the Corporate Trust Office, (e-mail: melissa.rosal@usbank.com and juan.hernandez3@usbank.com, Telephone: (312) 332-7496 and (312) 416-6525), (ii) the Issuer by the Indenture Trustee or by any Noteholder at Mercedes-Benz Auto Receivables Trust 2025-1, c/oWilmington Trust, National Association, Rodney Square North, 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19890 Attention: Corporate
Trust Administration (e-mail: acooper2@wilmingtontrust.com, telecopier: (302) 636-4140), with a copy to the Administrator at Mercedes-Benz Financial Services USA LLC, 35555 W. Twelve Mile Road, Suite 100, Farmington Hills, Michigan 48331,
Attention: Steven C. Poling (e-mail: steven.c.poling@mercedes-benz.com, telecopier: (817) 224-3587), (iii) to each Rating Agency, as applicable, by the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee, in the
case of (a) Moodys, at Moodys Investors Services, Inc., 7 World Trade Center, 250 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10007 (e-mail: ABSSurveillance@moodys.com) and (b) Fitch, at Fitch Ratings, Inc., 33 Whitehall Street, New York,
New York 10004, Attention: ABS Surveillance (email: surveillance-abs-auto@fitchratings.com) or (iv) in each case, at such other address as shall be designated by written notice to the transmitting Person(s).

Section 11.05. Notices to Noteholders; Waiver. Where this Indenture provides for notice to Noteholders of any event, such notice shall be sufficiently given (unless
otherwise herein expressly provided) if in writing and sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid to each Noteholder affected by such event, at such Noteholders address as it appears on the Note Register, not later than the latest date, and not
earlier than the earliest date, prescribed for the giving of such notice. In any case where notice to Noteholders is given by mail, neither the failure to mail such notice nor any defect in any notice so mailed to any particular Noteholder shall
affect the sufficiency of such notice with respect to other Noteholders, and any notice that is mailed in the manner herein provided shall conclusively be presumed to have been duly given.

Where this Indenture provides for notice in any manner, such notice may be waived in writing by any Person entitled to receive such notice, either before or after the event, and such waiver shall be the equivalent of
such notice. Waivers of notice by Noteholders shall be filed with the Indenture Trustee but such filing shall not be a condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in reliance upon such a waiver.

In case, by reason of the suspension of regular mail service as a result of a strike, work stoppage or similar activity, it shall be impractical to mail notice of any event to Noteholders when such notice is required
to be given pursuant to any provision of this Indenture, then any manner of giving such notice as shall be satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee shall be deemed to be a sufficient giving of such notice.

62

Where this Indenture provides for notice to any Rating Agency, failure to give such notice shall not affect any other rights or obligations created hereunder, and shall not under any circumstance constitute a Default
or Event of Default.

Section 11.06. Alternate Payment and Notice Provisions. Notwithstanding any provision of this Indenture or any of the Notes to the contrary, the Issuer may enter
into any agreement with any Noteholder providing for a method of payment, or notice by the Indenture Trustee or any Paying Agent to such Noteholder, that is different from the methods provided for in this Indenture for such payments or notices. 
The Issuer will furnish to the Indenture Trustee a copy of each such agreement and the Indenture Trustee will cause payments to be made and notices to be given in accordance with such agreements.

Section 11.07. Conflict with Trust Indenture Act. If any provision hereof limits, qualifies or conflicts with another provision hereof that is required to be
included in this Indenture by any of the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act, such required provision shall control.

The provisions of TIA Sections 310 through 317 that impose duties on any Person (including the provisions automatically deemed included herein unless expressly excluded by this Indenture) are a part of and govern
this Indenture, whether or not physically contained herein.

Section 11.08. Effect of Headings and Table of Contents. The Article and Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not
affect the construction hereof.

Section 11.09. Successors and Assigns. All covenants and agreements in this Indenture and the Notes by the Issuer shall bind its successors and assigns, whether so
expressed or not. All agreements of the Indenture Trustee in this Indenture shall bind its successors, co-trustees and agents.

Section 11.10. Severability. In case any provision in this Indenture or in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and
enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Indenture and the Notes shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

Section 11.11. Benefits of Indenture; Third Party Beneficiaries. Nothing in this Indenture or in the Notes, express or implied, shall give to any Person, other than
the parties hereto and their successors hereunder, the Owner Trustee, the Noteholders (and, with respect to Sections 5.04 and 2.08, the Certificateholders), any other party secured hereunder and any other Person with an ownership interest in any
part of the Trust Estate, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Indenture.

Section 11.12. Legal Holidays. In any case where the date on which any payment is due shall not be a Business Day, then (notwithstanding any other provision of the
Notes or this Indenture) payment need not be made on such date, but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on the date on which nominally due, and except as otherwise provided in the Basic
Documents, no interest shall accrue for the period from and after any such nominal date.

63

Section 11.13. GOVERNING LAW. THIS INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHERWISE APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS (OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW), AND THE OBLIGATIONS,
RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

Section 11.14. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO HAVE A JURY PARTICIPATE IN RESOLVING ANY DISPUTE, WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE BETWEEN THE PARTIES HERETO ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED WITH, RELATED TO OR INCIDENTAL
TO THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN ANY OF THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THIS INDENTURE OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. INSTEAD, ANY SUCH DISPUTE RESOLVED IN COURT WILL BE RESOLVED IN A BENCH TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY.

Section 11.15. Counterparts. This Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute
but one and the same instrument.

Section 11.16. Recording of Indenture. If this Indenture is subject to recording in any appropriate public recording offices, such recording shall be effected by
the Issuer and at its expense accompanied by an Opinion of Counsel (which may be counsel to the Indenture Trustee or any other counsel reasonably acceptable to the Indenture Trustee) to the effect that such recording is necessary either for the
protection of the Noteholders or any other Person secured hereunder or for the enforcement of any right or remedy granted to the Indenture Trustee under this Indenture.

Section 11.17. Trust Obligation. Except as otherwise provided in Section 3.07(e), no recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, with respect to the obligations
of the Issuer, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee on the Notes or under this Indenture or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection herewith or therewith, against (i) the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee in its
individual capacity, (ii) any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer or (iii) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director, employee or agent of the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, any holder
of a beneficial interest in the Issuer, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee or of any successor or assign of the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, except as any such Person may have expressly agreed (it
being understood that the Indenture Trustee, except as otherwise provided in Section 3.07(e), and the Owner Trustee have no such obligations in their individual capacities) and except that any such partner, owner or beneficiary shall be fully
liable, to the extent provided by Applicable Law, for any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity. For all purposes of this Indenture, in the performance of any
duties or obligations of the Issuer hereunder, the Owner Trustee shall be subject to, and entitled to the benefits of, the terms and provisions of Articles Six, Seven and Eight of the Trust Agreement.

64

Section 11.18. No Petition. The Indenture Trustee, by entering into this Indenture, and each Noteholder or Note Owner, by accepting a Note or a beneficial interest
therein, as the case may be, hereby covenant and agree that they will not at any time that is prior to one year and one day after the date upon which all obligations and payments under the Basic Documents have been paid in full institute against
the Issuer or the Depositor, or join in any institution against the Issuer or the Depositor of, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation Proceedings, or other Proceedings under any Insolvency Law in connection with
any obligations relating to the Notes or any Basic Document and agrees that it will not cooperate with or encourage others to file a bankruptcy petition against the Issuer or the Depositor during the same period.

Section 11.19. No Recourse. The Notes represent obligations of the Issuer only and do not represent an interest in or obligations of the Servicer, the Depositor or any of their respective Affiliates, and no
recourse may be had against such parties or their assets, except as may be set forth in this Indenture and the other Basic Documents. Each Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or a beneficial interest therein, covenants and agrees
that no recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuer, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee on the Notes or under the Indenture or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection
therewith against (i) either Trustee in its individual capacity, (ii) any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer or (iii) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director or employee of either Trustee in its individual capacity or
any holder of a beneficial interest in the Issuer, either Trustee or of any successor or assign of either Trustee in its individual capacity, except as any such Person may have expressly agreed and except that any such partner, owner or
beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by Applicable Law, for any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity.

It is expressly understood and agreed by the parties hereto that (i) this Indenture is executed and delivered by the Owner Trustee, not individually or personally but solely as Owner Trustee, in the exercise of the
powers and authority conferred and vested in it, (ii) each of the representations, undertakings and agreements herein made on the part of the Issuer is made and intended not as personal representations, undertakings and agreements by the Owner
Trustee but is made and intended for the purpose of binding only the Issuer, (iii) nothing herein contained shall be construed as creating any liability on the Owner Trustee, individually or personally, to perform any covenant either expressed or
implied contained herein, all such liability, if any, being expressly waived by the parties hereto and by any Person claiming by, through or under the parties hereto, (iv) the Owner Trustee has not verified and has made no investigation as to the
accuracy or completeness of any representations or warranties made by the Issuer hereunder and (v) under no circumstances shall the Owner Trustee be personally liable for the payment of any indebtedness or expenses of the Issuer or be liable for
the breach or failure of any obligation, representation, warranty or covenant made or undertaken by the Issuer under this Indenture or any other related documents.

65

Section 11.20. Inspection. The Issuer shall, with reasonable prior notice, permit any representative of the Indenture Trustee, during the Issuers normal business hours, to examine the books of account,
records, reports and other papers of the Issuer, to make copies and extracts therefrom, to cause such books to be audited by Independent certified public accountants, and to discuss the Issuers affairs, finances and accounts with the Issuers
officers, employees, and Independent certified public accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as may be reasonably requested. The Indenture Trustee shall and shall cause its representatives to hold in confidence all such
information except to the extent disclosure may be required by law (and all reasonable applications for confidential treatment are unavailing) and except to the extent that the Indenture Trustee may reasonably determine that such disclosure is
consistent with its obligations hereunder.

Section 11.21. Subordination Agreement. Each Noteholder and Note Owner, by accepting a Note or a beneficial interest therein, hereby covenants and agrees that, to the extent it is deemed to have any
interest in any assets of the Depositor, or a securitization vehicle (other than the Issuer) related to the Depositor, dedicated to other debt obligations of the Depositor or debt obligations of any other securitization vehicle (other than the
Issuer) related to the Depositor, its interest in those assets is subordinate to claims or rights of such other debtholders to those other assets. Furthermore, each Noteholder and Note Owner, by accepting a Note or a beneficial interest therein,
hereby covenants and agrees that such agreement constitutes a subordination agreement for purposes of Section 510(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.

Section 11.22. Security Interest Matters

(a) The Issuer represents and warrants to the Indenture Trustee as of the Closing Date:

(i) This Indenture creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined in the applicable UCC) in the Receivables in favor of the Indenture Trustee, which security interest is
prior to all other Liens, and is enforceable as such against creditors of and purchasers from the Issuer.

(ii) The Issuer has taken all steps necessary to perfect its security interest against the Obligor in the Financed Vehicles.

(iii) The Receivables constitute tangible chattel paper or electronic chattel paper within the meaning of the applicable UCC.

(iv) The Issuer has caused or will cause on or prior to the Closing Date the filing of all appropriate financing statements in the proper filing offices in the appropriate jurisdictions under
Applicable Law necessary to perfect the security interest in the Receivables granted to the Indenture Trustee hereunder.

(v) The Issuer owns and has good and marketable title to the Receivables free and clear of any Lien, claim or encumbrance of any Person.

66

(vi) All original executed copies of each loan agreement and installment sales contract that constitute or evidence those Receivables that are tangible chattel paper have been delivered to
the Servicer, as custodian for the Indenture Trustee.

(vii) The Issuer has not communicated an authoritative copy of any Receivable that constitutes electronic chattel paper to any Person other than the Servicer, as custodian for the Indenture
Trustee.

(viii) The Issuer has received a written acknowledgment from the Servicer that the Servicer is holding the loan agreements and installment sales contracts that constitute or evidence the
Receivables solely on behalf and for the benefit of the Indenture Trustee.

(ix) Other than the security interest granted to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Indenture, the Issuer has not pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security interest in, or otherwise
conveyed any of the Receivables. The Issuer has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing statements against the Indenture Trustee that include a description of collateral covering the Receivables other than any financing
statement relating to the security interest granted to the Indenture Trustee hereunder or that has been terminated. The Issuer is not aware of any judgment or tax lien filings against the Issuer.

(x) None of the loan agreements or installment sales contracts that constitute or evidence the Receivables has any marks or notations indicating that it has been pledged, assigned, or
otherwise conveyed to any Person other than the Indenture Trustee.

(b) All financing statements filed or to be filed against the Issuer in favor of the Indenture Trustee contain a statement substantially to the following effect: A purchase of or security interest in any
collateral described in this financing statement will violate the rights of the Indenture Trustee.

Section 11.23. Electronic Signatures. Any signature (including any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign,
authenticate or accept such contract or record) hereto or to any other certificate, agreement or document related to this Indenture, and any contract formation or record-keeping through electronic means shall have the same legal validity and
enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based recordkeeping system to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State
Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any similar State law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided, however, that any documentation with respect to transfer of the Notes or other securities presented to the Indenture
Trustee or any transfer agent must contain original documents with manually executed signatures.

67

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indenture to be duly executed by their respective officers, thereunto duly authorized, as of the day and year first above written.

MERCEDES-BENZ AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1,

By: 

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: 

/s/ Matthew Jorjorian

Name: Matthew Jorjorian

Title: Vice President

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

not in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee

By: 

/s/ Juan S. Hernandez

Name: Juan S. Hernandez

Title: Vice President

Accepted and acknowledged by: 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

not in its individual capacity but solely as 

Securities Intermediary 

By: /s/ Juan S. Hernandez 

Name: Juan S. Hernandez 

Title: Vice President 

Indenture

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF CLASS [A1] [A2A] [A2B] [A3] [A4] NOTE

BY ACQUIRING THIS NOTE, EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF SUCH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE IS A BENEFIT PLAN (AS DEFINED BELOW) OR OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT, ITS FIDUCIARY) WILL BE DEEMED TO
REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT EITHER (1) IT IS NOT ACQUIRING THIS NOTE WITH THE ASSETS OF AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN, AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA) THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE
I OF ERISA, A PLAN, AS DEFINED IN SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE), THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS BY REASON OF SUCH
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS OR PLANS INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY (WITHIN THE MEANING OF DEPARTMENT OF LABOR REGULATION SECTION 2510.3-101, AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA) (EACH OF THE FOREGOING, A BENEFIT PLAN), OR ANY EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN
OR ARRANGEMENT THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE OR LOCAL LAW THAT IMPOSES REQUIREMENTS SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (SIMILAR LAW)OR (2)(A) ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR INTEREST
HEREIN) WILL NOT GIVE RISE TO A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW AND (B) THIS NOTE IS RATED INVESTMENT GRADE AND HAS NOT BEEN CHARACTERIZED AS OTHER THAN
INDEBTEDNESS FOR APPLICABLE LOCAL LAW PURPOSES.

ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE OF THIS NOTE FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL SINCE THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN, UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH
OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT HEREON IS MADE TO CEDE & CO.)).

TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS NOTE SHALL BE LIMITED TO
TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO HEREIN.

A-1

THE PRINCIPAL OF THIS NOTE IS PAYABLE AS SET FORTH HEREIN. ACCORDINGLY, THE OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE AT ANY TIME MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE HEREOF. ANY PERSON ACQUIRING THIS
NOTE MAY ASCERTAIN ITS CURRENT PRINCIPAL AMOUNT BY INQUIRY OF THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE.

THE FAILURE TO PROVIDE THE ISSUER AND THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE WITH THE APPLICABLE UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CERTIFICATIONS (GENERALLY, AN INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE FORM W-9 (OR SUCCESSOR APPLICABLE FORM) IN THE
CASE OF A PERSON THAT IS A UNITED STATES PERSON WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 7701(A)(30) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE, OR AN APPROPRIATE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE FORM W-8 (OR SUCCESSOR APPLICABLE FORM) IN THE CASE OF A PERSON THAT IS NOT A
UNITED STATES PERSON WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 7701(A)(30) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE) MAY RESULT IN THE IMPOSITION OF UNITED STATES FEDERAL BACK-UP WITHHOLDING UPON PAYMENTS TO THE HOLDER IN RESPECT OF THIS NOTE.

[FOR CLASS A-1 NOTES:] NO SALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE (OR INTEREST THEREIN) MAY BE MADE BY
ANY PERSON UNLESS EITHER (i) SUCH SALE IS MADE TO THE DEPOSITOR OR ANY AFFILIATE OF THE DEPOSITOR, (ii) SUCH SALE IS MADE PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
(iii) SUCH SALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER TRANSFER IS MADE TO A PERSON WHOM THE TRANSFEROR REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT), ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT (AND NOT FOR THE ACCOUNT
OF OTHERS) OR AS A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHERS (WHICH OTHERS ALSO ARE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS) TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE SALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, OR (iv) SUCH SALE, PLEDGE OR
OTHER TRANSFER IS OTHERWISE MADE IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, IN WHICH CASE (A) THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE SHALL REQUIRE THAT BOTH THE PROSPECTIVE TRANSFEROR AND THE PROSPECTIVE TRANSFEREE
CERTIFY TO THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE AND THE DEPOSITOR IN WRITING THE FACTS SURROUNDING SUCH TRANSFER, WHICH CERTIFICATION SHALL BE IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE SATISFACTORY TO THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE AND THE DEPOSITOR, AND (B) THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE SHALL
REQUIRE A WRITTEN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH SHALL NOT BE AT THE EXPENSE OF THE DEPOSITOR, THE ADMINISTRATOR, THE SERVICER, THE ISSUER OR THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE) SATISFACTORY TO THE DEPOSITOR AND THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE TO THE EFFECTTHAT SUCH TRANSFER WILL NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.

A-2

$ 

REGISTERED 

CUSIP NO. 

No. R- 

ISIN NO. 

MERCEDES-BENZ AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1

[_____%] [SOFR Rate + __%] CLASS [A1] [A-2A] [A-2B] [A3] [A-4] ASSET BACKED NOTE

Mercedes-Benz Auto Receivables Trust 2025-1, a statutory trust organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (including any permitted successors and assigns, the Issuer), for value received,
hereby promises to pay to CEDE & CO., or its registered assigns, the principal sum of ___________________ DOLLARS ($___________), payable on each Payment Date in an amount equal to the result obtained by multiplying (i) a fraction the
numerator of which is $___________ and the denominator of which is $___________ by (ii) the aggregate amount, if any, payable to the extent described in the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof on each Payment Date; provided, however,
that the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be payable on the earlier of _______________, 202__ (the Class [A1] [A2][A3] [A4] Final Scheduled Payment Date) and the Redemption Date, if any, selected pursuant to the Indenture. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the
Indenture, which also contains rules as to construction that shall be applicable herein.

[For the Class A-1 Notes: The Class A-1 Notes are zero coupon notes. Accordingly, this Note shall not bear
interest.] [For Class A-2A, A-2B, A-3 and A-4 Notes: The Issuer will pay interest on this Note [at the rate per annum shown above] ][a floating rate per annum determined in accordance with the
Indenture] on each Payment Date (to the extent that such rate does not exceed the maximum rate permitted by Applicable Law) until the principal of this Note is paid or made available for payment, on the principal amount of this Note
outstanding on the preceding Payment Date (after giving effect to all payments of principal made on such preceding Payment Date), or on the Closing Date in the case of the first Payment Date or if no interest has yet been paid, subject to
certain limitations contained in the Indenture. Interest on this Note will accrue for each Payment Date from, and including, [For Class A-2A, A3 and A4 Notes: the 15th day of the prior calendar month (or, in the case of the first Payment Date or if no interest has yet been paid, from and including the Closing Date), to but excluding the 15th day of the current calendar month. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months.][For Class A-2B Notes: the most recent Payment Date on which interest has been paid (or, in the case of the first Payment Date or if no interest has yet been paid, from and including the Closing Date), to
but excluding such current Payment Date. Interest will be computed on the basis of the actual number of days during the related Interest Period divided by 360.] The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue installments of interest at the
interest rate otherwise applicable thereto to the extent lawful. Such principal [and interest] on this Note shall be
paid in the manner specified on the reverse hereof.

The principal of [and interest] on this Note are payable in such coin or currency of the United States as at the time of payment is
legal tender for payment of public and private debts. All payments made by the Issuer with respect to this Note shall be applied [first to interest due and payable on this Note as provided above and
then] to the unpaid principal of this Note.

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth on the face of this Note.

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Indenture Trustee whose name appears below by manual or facsimile signature, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the
Indenture, or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

A-3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be signed, manually or in facsimile, by an Authorized Officer, as of the date set forth below.

Date: January __, 2025 

MERCEDES-BENZ AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1

By: 

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee under the Trust Agreement

By: 

Authorized Signatory

INDENTURE TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Notes designated above and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

Date: January __, 2025 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

not in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

A-4

[REVERSE OF CLASS [A1] [A2A] [A2B] [A3] [A4] NOTE]

This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of the Issuer, designated as its [[_____%] Class] [SOFR Rate + __%] [A1] [A-2A]
[A-2B] [A3] [A4] Asset Backed Notes (the Class ___ Notes), all issued under the Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the Indenture), between the Issuer and U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association, as trustee (the Indenture Trustee), to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights and obligations thereunder of the Issuer, the Indenture
Trustee and the Noteholders. The Notes are subject to all terms of the Indenture.

The Class A1 Notes, the Class A2A Notes, the Class A2B Notes, the Class A3 Notes, and the Class A4 Notes (collectively, the Notes) are, except as otherwise provided in the Indenture or in the Sale and
Servicing Agreement, equally and ratably secured by the Collateral pledged as security therefor as provided in the Indenture.

Principal payable on the Class [A1] [A2A] [A2B] [A3] [A4] Notes will be paid on each Payment Date in the amount specified in the Indenture and in the Sale and Servicing
Agreement. As described above, the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note will be payable on the earlier of the Class [A1] [A-2][A3] [A4] Final Scheduled Payment Date and the Redemption Date, if any, selected pursuant to the Indenture. Notwithstanding the foregoing, under certain circumstances, the entire unpaid principal amount of
the Class [A1] [A-2A] [A-2B][A3] [A4] Notes shall be due and payable following the occurrence and
continuance of an Event of Default, if the Indenture Trustee or the Majority Noteholders have declared the Notes to be immediately due and payable in the manner provided in the Indenture. All principal payments on the Class [A1] [A-2A] [A-2B] [A3] [A4] Notes shall be made pro rata to the Class [A1] [A-2A] [A-2B] [A3] [A4] Noteholders entitled thereto.

Payments of principal [and interest] on this Note due and payable on each Payment Date or Redemption Date shall be made by check
mailed to the Person whose name appears as the registered Noteholder (or one or more Predecessor Notes) on the Note Register as of the close of business on the related Record Date, except that with respect to Notes registered on the Record Date
in the name of the nominee of the Clearing Agency (initially, such nominee to be Cede & Co.), payments will be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account designated by such nominee. Such checks shall be mailed to
the Person entitled thereto at the address of such Person as it appears on the Note Register as of the applicable Record Date without requiring that this Note be submitted for notation of payment. Any reduction in the principal amount of this
Note (or any one or more Predecessor Notes) effected by any payments made on any Payment Date or Redemption Date shall be binding upon all future Noteholders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in
exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether or not noted hereon. If funds are expected to be available, as provided in the Indenture, for payment in full of the remaining unpaid principal amount of this Note on a Payment Date or Redemption
Date, then the Indenture Trustee, in the name of and on behalf of the Issuer, will notify the Person who was the registered Noteholder as of the Record Date preceding such Payment Date or Redemption Date by notice mailed within 30 days of such
Payment Date or Redemption Date and the amount then due and payable shall be payable only upon presentation and surrender of this Note at the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee or at the office of the Indenture Trustees agent
appointed for such purposes located in The City of New York.

A-5

As provided in the Indenture, the Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, in the manner and to the extent described in the Indenture and the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to the limitations set forth therein and on the face hereof, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the Note Register upon surrender of this Note for registration of
transfer at the office or agency designated by the Issuer pursuant to the Indenture, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee duly executed by, the Noteholder or such
Noteholders attorney duly authorized in writing, with such signature guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar, all in accordance with the Exchange Act, and thereupon one or more new Notes
of authorized denominations and in the same aggregate principal amount will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. No service charge will be charged for any registration of transfer or exchange of this Note, but the transferor
may be required to pay a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any such registration of transfer or exchange.

Each Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or a beneficial interest therein, as the case may be, covenants and agrees that no recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, with respect to the
obligations of the Issuer, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee on the Notes or under the Indenture or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection therewith, against (i) the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee, each in its
individual capacity, (ii) any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer or (iii) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director or employee of the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee, each in its individual capacity, any holder
of a beneficial interest in the Issuer, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee or of any successor or assign of the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee, each in its individual capacity, except as any such Person may have expressly agreed
and except that any such partner, owner or beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by Applicable Law, for any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such
entity.

Each Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or a beneficial interest therein, as the case may be, covenants and agrees by accepting the benefits of the Indenture and such Note that such Noteholder or
Note Owner will not at any time institute against the Depositor or the Issuer, or join in any institution against the Depositor or the Issuer of, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation Proceedings under any
Insolvency Law in connection with any obligations relating to the Notes, the Certificates, the Indenture or the other Basic Documents.

Each Noteholder and Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or a beneficial interest therein, agrees to provide to the Indenture Trustee, any Paying Agent or the Issuer, upon its request, the Noteholder Tax
Identification Information and, to the extent FATCA Withholding Tax is applicable, the Noteholder FATCA Information. In addition, each Noteholder and Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or a beneficial interest therein, agrees that the
Indenture Trustee or any Paying Agent has the right to withhold any amounts of interest (properly withholdable under law and without any corresponding gross-up) payable to a Noteholder that fails to comply with the requirements of the preceding
sentence.

A-6

The Issuer has entered into the Indenture and this Note is issued with the intention that, for United States federal, State and local income, single business and franchise tax purposes, the Notes will qualify as
indebtedness secured by the Trust Estate. Each Noteholder, by acceptance of a Note (and each Note Owner by acceptance of a beneficial interest in a Note), agrees to treat the Notes for United States federal, State and local income, single
business and franchise tax purposes as indebtedness of the Issuer if held by Persons other than the beneficial owner of the equity in the Issuer or an affiliate of such beneficial owner for such purposes.

Prior to the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Note, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note (as of the
day of determination or as of such other date as may be specified in the Indenture) is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note shall be overdue, and none of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee or any such agent
shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders under the Indenture at
any time by the Issuer with the consent of the Majority Noteholders. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Noteholders representing specified percentages of the Note Balance of the Notes, on behalf of all Noteholders, to waive
compliance by the Issuer with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Noteholder of this Note (or any one of more Predecessor Notes) shall be
conclusive and binding upon such Noteholder and upon all future Noteholders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver
is made upon this Note. The Indenture also permits the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee to amend or waive certain terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture without the consent of the Noteholders.

The Indenture permits the Issuer, under certain circumstances, to consolidate or merge with or into another Person, subject to the rights of the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders under the Indenture.

The Notes are issuable only in registered form in denominations as provided in the Indenture, subject to certain limitations therein set forth.

THIS NOTE AND THE INDENTURE SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS (OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF
THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW), AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER AND THEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuer, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of [and interest on] this Note at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency herein prescribed.

A-7

ASSIGNMENT

Social Security or taxpayer I.D. or other identifying number of assignee:

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto:

(name and address of assignee)

the within Note and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints

attorney, to transfer said Note on the books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated: 

* 

Signature Guaranteed:

* 

* 

NOTICE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears on the face of the within Note in every particular, without alteration, enlargement or any change whatsoever. Such
signature must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the require-ments of the Note Registrar.

A-8

EXHIBIT B

ASSET REPURCHASE DEMAND ACTIVITY REPORT

Reporting Period: [calendar month]

Check here if nothing to report.

Transaction 

Loan 

Activity During Period1

Date of Reputed Demand 

Party Making Reputed

Demand 

Date of Withdrawal of 

Reputed Demand

MBART 2025-1 

1 Forward any applicable information or documentation relating to any reputed demands to the Servicer.

B-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ef20042316_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

MERCEDES-BENZ RETAIL RECEIVABLES LLC,

as Depositor,

and

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Owner Trustee

AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENT

Dated as of January 1, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE ONE 

DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.01. 

Capitalized Terms; Rules of Usage 

1

ARTICLE TWO 

ORGANIZATION 

Section 2.01. 

Name 

2

Section 2.02. 

Office 

2

Section 2.03. 

Purposes and Powers 

2

Section 2.04. 

Appointment of Owner Trustee 

3

Section 2.05. 

Initial Capital Contribution of Trust Property 

3

Section 2.06. 

Declaration of Trust 4

Section 2.07. 

Liability of Certificateholders 

4

Section 2.08. 

Title to Trust Property 

4

Section 2.09. 

Situs of Issuer 

4

Section 2.10. 

Representations and Warranties of the Depositor 

4

Section 2.11. 

Tax Matters 6

ARTICLE THREE 

CERTIFICATES AND TRANSFER OF INTERESTS 

Section 3.01. 

Initial Ownership 

7

Section 3.02. 

The Certificates 

7

Section 3.03. 

Authentication and Delivery of Certificates 

8

Section 3.04. 

Registration, Transfer and Exchange of Certificates 

8

Section 3.05. 

Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Certificates 

10

Section 3.06. 

Persons Deemed Certificateholders 

10

Section 3.07. 

Access to List of Certificateholders Names and Addresses 

11

Section 3.08. 

Maintenance of Office or Agency 

11

Section 3.09. 

No Legal Title to Trust Property in Certificateholders 

11

Section 3.10. 

No Recourse 

11

Section 3.11. 

Appointment of Paying Agent 

12

Section 3.12. 

Certificates Nonassessable and Fully Paid 

12

ARTICLE FOUR 

ACTIONS BY OWNER TRUSTEE 

Section 4.01. 

Prior Notice to Certificateholders with Respect to Certain Matters 

13

i

Page

Section 4.02. 

Action by Certificateholders with Respect to Certain Matters 

13

Section 4.03. 

Action by Certificateholders with Respect to Bankruptcy 

13

Section 4.04. 

Restrictions on Certificateholders Power 

14

Section 4.05. 

Majority Control 

14

Section 4.06. 

Certain Litigation Matters 

14

ARTICLE FIVE 

APPLICATION OF TRUST FUNDS; CERTAIN DUTIES 

Section 5.01. 

Application of Trust Funds 

15

Section 5.02. 

Method of Payment 

16

Section 5.03. 

No Segregation of Monies; No Interest 

16

Section 5.04. 

Accounting and Reports to Certificateholders, the IRS and Others 

16

Section 5.05. 

Signature on Returns; Partnership Representative 

17

ARTICLE SIX 

AUTHORITY AND DUTIES OF OWNER TRUSTEE 

Section 6.01. 

General Authority 

18

Section 6.02. 

General Duties 

18

Section 6.03. 

Action Upon Instruction 

18

Section 6.04. 

No Duties Except as Specified in this Agreement or in Instructions 

20

Section 6.05. 

No Action Except Under Specified Documents or Instructions 

20

Section 6.06. 

Restrictions 

20

Section 6.07. 

Notice to Administrator of Repurchase Requests 

20

ARTICLE SEVEN 

THE OWNER TRUSTEE 

Section 7.01. 

Acceptance of Duties 

21

Section 7.02. 

Furnishing of Documents 

24

Section 7.03. 

Representations and Warranties 

24

Section 7.04. 

Reliance; Advice of Counsel 

25

Section 7.05. 

Not Acting in Individual Capacity 

26

Section 7.06. 

Owner Trustee Not Liable for Basic Documents or Certificates 

26

Section 7.07. 

Owner Trustee May Own Securities 

26

Section 7.08. 

The Paying Agent and the Certificate Registrar 

26

Section 7.09. 

Applicable Anti-Money Laundering Law 

27

ii

Page

ARTICLE EIGHT 

COMPENSATION AND INDEMNIFICATION OF OWNER TRUSTEE 

Section 8.01. 

Owner Trustees Fees and Expenses 

28

Section 8.02. 

Indemnification 

28

Section 8.03. 

Payments to the Owner Trustee 

28

ARTICLE NINE 

TERMINATION OF TRUST AGREEMENT 

Section 9.01. 

Termination of Trust Agreement 

29

ARTICLE TEN 

SUCCESSOR AND ADDITIONAL OWNER TRUSTEES 

Section 10.01. 

Eligibility Requirements for Owner Trustee 

31

Section 10.02. 

Resignation or Removal of Owner Trustee 

31

Section 10.03. 

Successor Owner Trustee 

32

Section 10.04. 

Merger or Consolidation of Owner Trustee 

32

Section 10.05. 

Appointment of Co-Trustee or Separate Trustee 33

ARTICLE ELEVEN 

REGULATION AB 

Section 11.01. 

Intent of the Parties; Reasonableness 

35

Section 11.02. 

Representations and Warranties 

35

Section 11.03. 

Information to Be Provided by the Owner Trustee 

35

ARTICLE TWELVE 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 12.01. 

Supplements and Amendments 

37

Section 12.02. 

Limitations on Rights of Others 

38

Section 12.03. 

Notices 

39

Section 12.04. 

Severability 39

Section 12.05. 

Counterparts 39

Section 12.06. 

Successors and Assigns 39

Section 12.07. 

No Petition 39

Section 12.08. 

Table of Contents and Headings 39

Section 12.09. 

GOVERNING LAW; SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 

40

Section 12.10. 

WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 

41

iii

Page

Section 12.11. 

Electronic Signatures 

41

EXHIBITS

Exhibit A Form of Certificate 

A1

Exhibit B Form of Certificate of Trust 

B1

Exhibit C Form of Repurchase Request Notice 

C1

iv

This AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENT, dated as of January 1, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this Agreement), is between MERCEDES-BENZ RETAIL RECEIVABLES LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company, as depositor (the Depositor), and WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as trustee (the Owner Trustee).

WHEREAS, the parties hereto entered into a Trust Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2024 (the Original Trust Agreement), and filed a certificate of trust with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware pursuant
to which Mercedes-Benz Auto Receivables Trust 2025-1 was formed; and

WHEREAS, the parties hereto are entering into this Agreement pursuant to which, among other things, the Original Trust Agreement will be amended and restated.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, and of other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as
follows:

ARTICLE ONE

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01. Capitalized Terms; Rules of Usage. Capitalized terms used in this Agreement that are not otherwise defined shall have the meanings
ascribed thereto in Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025, among the Issuer, the Depositor and Mercedes-Benz Financial Services USA LLC, which Appendix is hereby incorporated into and made a part of this
Agreement. Appendix A also contains rules as to usage applicable to this Agreement.

ARTICLE TWO

ORGANIZATION

Section 2.01. Name. The trust created pursuant to the Original Trust Agreement and continued hereby shall be known as Mercedes-Benz Auto Receivables

Trust 2025-1, in which name the Owner Trustee may conduct the business of the Issuer, make and execute contracts and other instruments on behalf of the Issuer and sue and be sued.

Section 2.02. Office. The office of the Issuer shall be in care of the Owner Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office or at such other address in the State of Delaware as the Owner
Trustee may designate by written notice to the Indenture Trustee and the Certificateholders.

Section 2.03. Purposes and Powers.

(a) The purpose of the Issuer is to engage in the following activities:

(i) to issue the Notes pursuant to the Indenture and the Certificates pursuant to this Agreement and to convey and deliver the Securities upon the written order of the Depositor;

(ii) to issue additional notes or certificates pursuant to one or more supplemental indentures or amendments to this Agreement and to transfer all or a portion of such securities to the
Depositor, subject to compliance with the Basic Documents, in exchange for all or a portion of the Certificates; provided, that:

(A) the rights of the holders of such additional securities, when taken as a whole, are no greater than the rights of the Certificateholders immediately prior to the issuance of such
additional securities (unless all Noteholders otherwise consent);

(B) the Rating Agencies have provided written confirmation that the issuance of the additional securities will not adversely affect the ratings of any outstanding Class of Notes or, if
then rated by any Rating Agency, of the Certificates; and

(C) the Depositor delivers an opinion to the Trustees that the issuance of the additional securities will not (1) adversely affect in any material respect the interest of any Noteholder,
(2) cause any Outstanding Note to be deemed sold or exchanged for United States federal income tax purposes, (3) cause the Issuer to be treated as an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for United States federal
income tax purposes or (4) adversely affect the treatment of the Outstanding Notes as debt for United States federal income tax purposes;

(iii) to enter into and perform its obligations under any interest rate protection or swap agreement or agreements between the Issuer and one or more counterparties;

2

(iv) to permit the Depositor, with the proceeds of the sale of the Notes, to (A) purchase the Receivables on the Closing Date, (B) fund the Reserve Fund with an amount equal to the Reserve
Fund Deposit, (C) pay the organizational, start-up and transactional expenses of the Issuer and (D) to retain the balance;

(v) to pay interest on and principal of the Notes to the Noteholders and to cause any Excess Collections to be paid to the Certificateholders in accordance with the Indenture;

(vi) to Grant the Trust Property to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture to secure payments on the Notes;

(vii) to enter into and perform its obligations under the Issuer Basic Documents; and

(viii) to engage in those activities, including entering into agreements, that are necessary, suitable or convenient to accomplish the foregoing or are incidental thereto or connected
therewith.

(b) The Issuer is hereby authorized to engage in the foregoing activities. The Issuer shall not engage in any activity other than in connection with the foregoing or other than as required or authorized by
the terms of this Agreement and the other Basic Documents.

Section 2.04. Appointment of Owner Trustee. The Depositor hereby confirms the appointment of the Owner Trustee as trustee of the Issuer effective as of the date of the Original
Trust Agreement, to have all the rights, powers and duties set forth herein and in the Delaware Statutory Trust Act.

Section 2.05. Initial Capital Contribution of Trust Property. The Depositor has previously sold, assigned, transferred, conveyed and set over to the Owner Trustee, as of the
date of the Original Trust Agreement, the sum of $1. The Owner Trustee hereby acknowledges receipt in trust from the Depositor, of the foregoing contribution, which shall constitute the initial Owner Trust Estate. The Depositor shall pay the
organizational expenses of the Issuer as they may arise or shall, upon the request of the Owner Trustee, promptly reimburse the Owner Trustee for any such expenses paid by the Owner Trustee. On the Closing Date, the Depositor will sell,
transfer, assign and convey to the Issuer certain property to be included in the Trust Property pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, and the Issuer will issue and convey the Securities to or upon the order of the Depositor.

3

Section 2.06. Declaration of Trust. The Owner Trustee hereby declares that it will hold the Trust Property in trust upon and subject to the conditions set forth herein for the
use and benefit of the Certificateholders, subject to the obligations of the Issuer under the Basic Documents. It is the intention of the parties that (i) the Issuer constitute a statutory trust under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act and that
this Agreement constitute the governing instrument of such statutory trust and (ii) solely for United States federal income and franchise tax purposes, the Issuer shall be treated as a fixed investment trust or grantor trust or, if not so treated
and there is only one beneficial owner of the equity of the Issuer, as an entity that is disregarded as separate from such owner. If, however, the Issuer is not treated as a fixed investment trust or a grantor trust for such purposes, and there
are two or more beneficial owners of the equity of the Issuer, the Issuer shall be treated as a partnership (other than an association or publicly traded partnership) for purposes of United States federal income, State and local income and
franchise tax and any other income taxes, with the assets of the partnership being the Receivables and other assets held by the Issuer, the partners of the partnership being the Certificateholders and any Holders of Notes that are required by the
IRS to be treated as equity in the Issuer, and the remaining Notes constituting indebtedness of the partnership. The parties agree that, unless otherwise required by appropriate tax authorities, the Issuer will file or cause to be filed annual
or other necessary returns, reports and other forms consistent with the foregoing characterization of the Issuer for such tax purposes. Effective as of the date hereof, the Owner Trustee shall have all the rights, powers and duties set forth
herein and in the Delaware Statutory Trust Act with respect to accomplishing the purposes of the Issuer as set forth in Section 2.03(a). The Owner Trustee has filed the Certificate of Trust with the Secretary of State.

Section 2.07. Liability of Certificateholders. The Certificateholders shall be entitled to the same limitation of personal liability extended to stockholders of private
corporations for profit organized under the general corporation law of the State of Delaware.

Section 2.08. Title to Trust Property. Legal title to the Trust Property shall be vested at all times in the Issuer as a separate legal entity except where Applicable Law in any
jurisdiction requires title to any part of the Trust Property to be vested in a trustee or trustees, in which case title shall be deemed to be vested in the Owner Trustee, a co-trustee and/or a separate trustee, as the case may be; provided, that
concurrently with or prior to title being deemed to be vested in a co-trustee and/or separate trustee, such trustee must provide a written grant of a security interest in the Trust Property to the Indenture Trustee and must authorize the filing
of one or more financing statements to perfect the Indenture Trustees security interest.

Section 2.09. Situs of Issuer. The Issuer will be located and administered in the State of Delaware and the State of Michigan. Any bank accounts maintained by the Owner Trustee
on behalf of the Issuer shall be located in the States of Delaware or New York. The Issuer shall not have any employees in any State other than the State of Delaware; provided, however, that nothing herein shall restrict or prohibit the Owner
Trustee from having employees within or outside of the State of Delaware. Payments will be received by the Issuer only in the States of Delaware or New York, and payments will be made by the Issuer only from the States of Delaware or New York. 
The only office of the Issuer will be at the Corporate Trust Office of the Owner Trustee in the State of Delaware.

Section 2.10. Representations and Warranties of the Depositor. The Depositor hereby represents and warrants to the Owner Trustee that:

(i) The Depositor is duly formed and validly existing as a limited liability company in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with power and authority to own its
properties and to conduct its business as such properties are currently owned and such business is presently conducted.

(ii) The Depositor is not a Benefit Plan.

4

(iii) The Depositor is duly qualified to do business as a foreign limited liability company in good standing and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in
which the failure to so qualify or obtain such licenses and approvals would, in the reasonable judgment of the Depositor, materially and adversely affect the performance by the Depositor of its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability
of, this Agreement.

(iv) The Depositor has the power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to carry out its terms and to transfer and assign the property to be transferred and assigned to and
deposited with the Issuer; and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and such transfer, assignment and deposit have been duly authorized by the Depositor by all necessary limited liability company action.

(v) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Depositor, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be subject to or limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation, fraudulent conveyance or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights in general and by general principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforceability
shall be considered in a Proceeding in equity or at law.

(vi) The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the fulfillment of the terms hereof do not conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions
of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a default under, the certificate of formation or limited liability company agreement of the Depositor, or any material indenture, agreement or other instrument to which the Depositor is
a party or by which it is bound; nor result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any properties of the Depositor pursuant to the terms of any such material indenture, agreement or other instrument (other than pursuant to the Basic
Documents); nor violate any Applicable Law or, to the best of the Depositors knowledge, any order, rule or regulation applicable to the Depositor of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Depositor or its properties.

(vii) To the knowledge of the Depositor, there are no Proceedings or investigations pending or threatened against the Depositor before any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the
Depositor or its properties (a) asserting the invalidity of any Basic Document, (b) seeking to prevent the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by any Basic Document, (c) seeking any determination or ruling that would materially
and adversely affect the performance by the Depositor of its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, any Depositor Basic Document or (d) seeking any determination or ruling that would adversely affect the United States federal
income tax attributes of the Issuer or the Securities.

5

Section 2.11. Tax Matters. The Certificateholders acknowledge that it is their intent and that they understand it is the intent of the Depositor and the Servicer that, for
purposes of United States federal income, State and local income and franchise taxes and any other taxes, the Issuer shall be treated as a fixed investment trust or grantor trust or, if not so treated and there is only one beneficial owner of the
equity of the Issuer, as an entity that is disregarded as separate from such owner. If, however, the Issuer is not treated as a fixed investment trust or as a grantor trust for such purposes, and if there are two or more beneficial owners of the
equity of the Issuer, the Issuer shall be treated as a partnership (other than an association or publicly traded partnership) for purposes of United States federal income, State and local income and franchise taxes and any other taxes, and
income, gain or loss of the Issuer for any month as determined for United States federal, State and local income and franchise tax purposes shall be allocated among the Certificateholders as of the Record Date occurring within such month, in
proportion to their ownership of the Certificate Percentage Interests on such date. The Depositor hereby agrees and each Certificateholder by acceptance of a Certificate agrees to such treatment and each agrees to take no action inconsistent
with the foregoing characterization.

The Depositor is authorized to modify the allocations in this Section if necessary or appropriate, in its sole discretion, for the allocations to reflect fairly the economic income, gain or loss to the
Certificateholders or as otherwise required by the Code.

6

ARTICLE THREE

CERTIFICATES AND TRANSFER OF INTERESTS

Section 3.01. Initial Ownership. Upon the formation of the Issuer by the contribution and conveyance by the Depositor as described in Section 2.05 and until the issuance of the
Certificates, the Depositor shall be the sole beneficiary of the Issuer.

Section 3.02. The Certificates.

(a) The Certificates shall be issued in one or more registered, definitive, physical certificates substantially in the form of Exhibit A. The Certificates may be in printed or typewritten form and shall be
executed on behalf of the Issuer by manual or facsimile signature of an Authorized Officer of the Owner Trustee. Certificates bearing the manual or facsimile signatures of individuals who were, at the time when such signatures shall have been
affixed, authorized to sign on behalf of the Issuer, shall be validly issued and entitled to the benefits of this Agreement, notwithstanding that such individuals or any of them shall have ceased to be so authorized prior to the authentication
and delivery of such Certificates or did not hold such offices at the date of authentication and delivery of such Certificates.

(b) If Transfer of a Certificate is permitted pursuant to this Section and Section 3.04, the transferee of such Certificate shall become a Certificateholder, and shall be entitled to the rights and subject
to the obligations of a Certificateholder hereunder upon such transferees acceptance of a Certificate duly registered in such transferees name pursuant to Section 3.04.

(c) The Depositor as the sole initial Certificateholder may exchange all or a portion of the Certificates for additional securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to one or more supplemental indentures to the
Indenture or amendments to this Agreement. Such additional securities may consist of one or more classes of notes, certificates or other securities, as directed by the Depositor, each having the characteristics, rights and obligations as may be
directed by the Depositor (which may include subordination to one or more other classes of such additional securities), so long as the following conditions are satisfied: (i) the rights of the holders of such additional securities, when taken as
a whole, are no greater than the rights of the Certificateholders immediately prior to the issuance of such additional securities (unless the Holders of 100% of the Notes Outstanding otherwise consent); (ii) the Rating Agencies have provided
written confirmation that the issuance of such additional securities will not adversely affect the ratings of the Notes; and (iii) the Depositor has provided to the Trustees an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that the issuance of such additional
securities will not (A) adversely affect in any material respect the interests of any Noteholder, (B) cause any Note to be deemed sold or exchanged for United States federal income tax purposes, (C) cause the Issuer to be treated as an
association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes or (D) adversely affect the treatment of the Notes as debt for United States federal income tax purposes. Without limiting the
foregoing, one or more classes of such additional securities may, if so directed by the Depositor, be secured by all or a portion of the Trust Estate, so long as such security interest is subordinated in priority to the security interest granted
to the Noteholders pursuant to the Indenture. Subject to this Section and the terms of the other Basic Documents, the Issuer will take (at the expense of the Depositor) all actions requested by the Depositor to facilitate the issuance and sale
of any such additional securities or the grant and perfection of any security interest granted pursuant to this Section, including the authorization of the filing of any financing statements in jurisdictions deemed necessary or advisable by the
Depositor to perfect such security interest.

7

Section 3.03. Authentication and Delivery of Certificates. Concurrently with the sale of the Receivables to the Issuer pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Owner
Trustee shall execute the Certificates on behalf of the Issuer, and cause the Certificates to be authenticated and delivered to or upon the written order of the Depositor, signed by its president, any Vice President, its treasurer, any assistant
treasurer, its secretary or any assistant secretary, without further limited liability company action by the Depositor. No Certificate shall entitle the respective Certificateholder to any benefit under this Agreement, or be valid for any
purpose, unless there shall appear on such Certificate a certificate of authentication substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit A, executed by the Certificate Registrar or its authenticating agent, by manual signature; and such
authentication shall constitute conclusive evidence that such Certificate shall have been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder. All Certificates shall be dated the date of their authentication. Upon issuance, authentication and delivery
pursuant to the terms hereof, the Certificates will be entitled to the benefits of this Agreement.

Section 3.04. Registration, Transfer and Exchange of Certificates.

(a) The Indenture Trustee initially shall be the registrar (the Certificate Registrar) for the purpose of registering Certificates and Transfers of Certificates as herein provided. The Certificate
Registrar shall keep or cause to be kept, at the office or agency maintained pursuant to Section 3.08, a register (the Certificate Register) in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, the Certificate Registrar shall
provide for the registration of Certificates and the registration of Transfers of Certificates. Upon any resignation of any Certificate Registrar, the Owner Trustee, on behalf of the Issuer, shall, upon receipt of written instructions from the
Depositor, promptly appoint a successor thereto.

No transfer of a Certificate shall be made to any Person unless (i) the Certificate Registrar has received an opinion of Independent counsel that such action will not cause the Issuer to be treated as an association
(or publicly traded partnership) taxable as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes and (ii) such transferee or assignee agrees to take positions for tax purposes consistent with the tax positions agreed to be taken by the
Certificateholder. For the avoidance of doubt, any transfer of a Certificate by a Certificateholder other than the initial Certificateholder or a transfer of all of the Certificates to an Affiliate of the transferee also must comply with the
foregoing provision. No Certificate (other than the Certificates issued to and held by the Depositor) may be subdivided upon transfer or exchange in a manner such that the resulting Certificate represents less than a 2.00% Certificate Percentage
Interest (or such other amount as the Depositor may determine in order to prevent the Issuer from being treated as a publicly traded partnership under Section 7704 of the Code, but in no event less than a 1.00% Certificate Percentage Interest).

8

(b) The Certificates may not be acquired by or for the account of a Person that is not a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code, unless an Opinion of Counsel is delivered
to the Certificate Registrar to the effect that such transfer to a non-United States person will not cause the Issuer to be (i) subject to an additional United States federal income tax or to be required to withhold tax with respect to such
transferee or (ii) treated as engaged in a United States trade or business within the meaning of the Code. Each Certificateholder, by its acceptance of a Certificate, shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such Certificateholder
is not a Benefit Plan or other employee benefit plan or arrangement that is any plan subject to Similar Law and is not a Person acting on behalf of a Benefit Plan or other employee benefit plan or arrangement that is any plan subject to Similar
Law or a Person using the assets of a Benefit Plan or other employee benefit plan or arrangement that is any plan subject to Similar Law to effect the transfer of such Certificate.

To the extent permitted under Applicable Law (including ERISA), neither the Owner Trustee nor the Certificate Registrar shall be under any liability to any Person for any registration of Transfer of any Certificate
that is in fact not permitted under Applicable Law (including ERISA) or for taking any other action with respect to such Certificate under the provisions of this Agreement so long as such Transfer was registered by the Owner Trustee or the
Certificate Registrar in accordance with this Agreement.

(c) Upon surrender by a Certificateholder for registration of Transfer of any Certificate at the office or agency of the Certificate Registrar to be maintained as provided in Section 3.08, and upon
compliance with any provisions of this Agreement relating to such Transfer, the Owner Trustee shall execute on behalf of the Issuer and the Owner Trustee or the Certificate Registrar shall authenticate and deliver to the Certificateholder making
such surrender, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more new Certificates in any authorized denomination evidencing the same aggregate Certificate Percentage Interest. Each Certificate presented or surrendered for
registration of Transfer shall be accompanied by a written instrument of transfer and accompanied by IRS Form W-9, and such other documentation as may be required by the Owner Trustee in order to comply with Applicable Anti-Money Laundering Law,
in form satisfactory to the Owner Trustee and the Certificate Registrar, duly executed by the Certificateholder or its attorney duly authorized in writing. Each Certificate presented or surrendered for registration of Transfer shall be canceled
and subsequently disposed of by the Certificate Registrar in accordance with its customary practice. No service charge shall be made for any registration of Transfer of Certificates, but the Owner Trustee or the Certificate Registrar may require
payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any Transfer of Certificates. No Transfer will be effectuated hereunder unless the Owner Trustee has received the transfer documentation
required hereunder.

(d) All Certificates surrendered for registration of Transfer, if surrendered to the Issuer, the Certificate Registrar or any agent of the Owner Trustee or the Issuer under this Agreement, shall be delivered
to the Owner Trustee or the Certificate Registrar and promptly cancelled by it, and no Certificates shall be issued in lieu thereof except as expressly permitted by any of the provisions of this Agreement. The Owner Trustee and the Certificate
Registrar shall dispose of cancelled Certificates in accordance with their normal practice.

(e) As of the date hereof, the Depositor intends to retain the Certificates. Although there is no present intent to effect any subsequent transfer of the Certificates, in the event that the Depositor does
intend at any time to transfer any of the Certificates to a third party, the parties to this Agreement will amend this Agreement as necessary to prevent any application of the Treasury Regulations under Section 385 of the Code (including any
subsequent or successor provision) that would result in the recharacterization of any of the Notes as equity.

9

Section 3.05. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Certificates.

(a) If (i) any mutilated Certificate is surrendered to the Certificate Registrar, or the Certificate Registrar receives evidence to its satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Certificate and
(ii) there is delivered to the Certificate Registrar and the Owner Trustee such security or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them harmless, then, in the absence of notice that such Certificate has been acquired by a Protected
Purchaser, the Owner Trustee or the Certificate Registrar on behalf of the Issuer shall execute and the Owner Trustee or the Certificate Registrar or either of their authenticating agents shall authenticate and deliver, in exchange for or in lieu
of any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Certificate, a new Certificate of a like tenor and Certificate Percentage Interest. If, after the delivery of such replacement Certificate or payment of a destroyed, lost or stolen Certificate, a
Protected Purchaser of the original Certificate in lieu of which such replacement Certificate was issued presents for payment such original Certificate, the Issuer, the Owner Trustee and the Certificate Registrar shall be entitled to recover such
replacement Certificate (or such payment) from the Person to whom such replacement Certificate was delivered or any Person taking such replacement Certificate from such Person to whom such replacement Certificate was delivered or any assignee of
such Person, except a Protected Purchaser, and shall be entitled to recover upon the security or indemnity provided therefor to the extent of any loss, damage, cost or expense incurred by the Issuer, the Owner Trustee or the Certificate Registrar
in connection therewith. Any duplicate Certificate issued pursuant to this Section shall constitute conclusive evidence of ownership in the Issuer, as if originally issued, whether or not the lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate shall be found
at any time.

(b) Upon the issuance of any replacement Certificate under this Section, the Issuer may require the payment by the Certificateholder of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may
be imposed in connection with such issuance and any other reasonable expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Owner Trustee) related thereto.

(c) Every replacement Certificate issued pursuant to this Section in replacement of any mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Certificate shall constitute an original additional contractual obligation of the
Issuer, whether or not the mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Certificate shall be at any time enforceable by anyone, and shall be entitled to all the benefits of this Agreement equally and proportionately with any and all other Certificates
duly issued hereunder.

(d) The provisions of this Section are exclusive and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen
Certificates.

Section 3.06. Persons Deemed Certificateholders. Prior to due presentation of a Certificate for registration of Transfer, the Owner Trustee, the Certificate Registrar, the
Paying Agent and their respective agents may treat the Person in whose name such Certificate is registered in the Certificate Register (as of the day of determination) as the Certificateholder of such Certificate for the purpose of receiving
distributions pursuant to Section 5.01 and for all other purposes whatsoever, and none of the Owner Trustee, the Certificate Registrar, the Paying Agent or their respective agents shall be bound by any notice to the contrary.

10

Section 3.07. Access to List of Certificateholders Names and Addresses. The Certificate Registrar shall furnish or cause to be furnished to the Servicer, the Depositor and the
Trustees, as the case may be, within 15 days after receipt by the Certificate Registrar of a written request therefor from the Servicer, the Depositor or either Trustee, as the case may be, a list, in such form as the requesting party may
reasonably require, of the names and addresses of the Certificateholders as of the most recent Record Date. If three or more Certificateholders, or one or more Holders of Certificates evidencing not less than 25% of the aggregate Certificate
Percentage Interests (hereinafter referred to as the Applicants), apply in writing to the Certificate Registrar, and such application states that the Applicants desire to communicate with other Certificateholders with respect to their rights
under this Agreement or under the Certificates and such application is accompanied by a copy of the communication that such Applicants propose to transmit (which shall be deemed to be a purpose reasonably related to the Applicants interest in
the Issuer), then the Certificate Registrar shall, within five Business Days after the receipt of such application, afford such Applicants access during normal business hours to the current list of Certificateholders. Each Certificateholder, by
receiving and holding a Certificate, shall be deemed to have agreed not to hold any of the Depositor, the Certificate Registrar or the Owner Trustee accountable by reason of the disclosure of its name and address, regardless of the source from
which such information was derived.

Section 3.08. Maintenance of Office or Agency. The Issuer shall maintain an office or offices or agency or agencies where notices and demands to or upon the Issuer or the Owner
Trustee in respect of the Basic Documents may be served. The Issuer initially designates the Corporate Trust Office of the Owner Trustee for such purposes and will promptly notify the Depositor and the Owner Trustee of any change in the location
of such office. The office of the Certificate Registrar is located at U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, 111 E. Fillmore Avenue, St. Paul, Minnesota 55107, Attention: Bondholder Services MBART 2025-1.

Section 3.09. No Legal Title to Trust Property in Certificateholders. The Certificateholders shall not have legal title to any part of the Trust Property. The
Certificateholders shall be entitled to receive distributions with respect to their undivided beneficial interest therein only in accordance with Articles Five and Nine. No transfer, by operation of law or otherwise, of any right, title or
interest of the Certificateholders to and in their beneficial interest in the Trust Property shall operate to terminate this Agreement or the trusts hereunder or entitle any transferee to an accounting or to the transfer to it of legal title to
any part of the Trust Property.

Section 3.10. No Recourse. Each Certificateholder, by accepting a Certificate, acknowledges that the Certificates represent beneficial interests in the Issuer only and do not
represent interests in or obligations of the Depositor, the Seller, the Servicer, the Administrator, either Trustee or any of their respective Affiliates and no recourse may be had against such parties or their assets, except as may be expressly
set forth or contemplated in the Certificates or any Basic Document.

11

Section 3.11. Appointment of Paying Agent. The Paying Agent shall make distributions to Certificateholders in accordance with the Indenture. The Paying Agent shall have the
revocable power to withdraw funds from the Collection Account for the purpose of making the distributions referred to above. The Owner Trustee, at the direction of the Majority Certificateholders, may revoke such power and remove the Paying
Agent if the Majority Certificateholders determine that the Paying Agent shall have failed to perform its obligations under this Agreement in any material respect. The Paying Agent shall initially be the Indenture Trustee, and any co-paying
agent chosen by the Paying Agent that is acceptable to the Owner Trustee and the Depositor. Each Paying Agent shall be permitted to resign as Paying Agent upon 30 days prior written notice to the Owner Trustee and the Depositor. In the event
that the Indenture Trustee shall no longer be the Paying Agent, the Owner Trustee, upon receipt of written instruction from the Depositor, shall appoint a successor to act as Paying Agent (which shall be a bank or trust company). The Owner
Trustee shall cause such successor Paying Agent or any additional Paying Agent appointed by the Owner Trustee to execute and deliver to the Owner Trustee an instrument in which such successor Paying Agent or additional Paying Agent shall agree
with the Owner Trustee that, as Paying Agent, such successor or additional Paying Agent will hold all sums, if any, held by it for payment to the Certificateholders in trust for the benefit of the Certificateholders entitled thereto until such
sums shall be paid to such Certificateholders. The Paying Agent shall return all unclaimed funds to the Owner Trustee and upon removal of a Paying Agent such Paying Agent shall also return all funds in its possession to the Owner Trustee. If at
any time the Owner Trustee shall act as Paying Agent, the rights, privileges, protections and indemnities afforded to the Owner Trustee hereunder shall apply equally to the Owner Trustee in its role as Paying Agent. Any reference in this
Agreement to the Paying Agent shall include any co-paying agent unless the context requires otherwise.

Section 3.12. Certificates Nonassessable and Fully Paid. Certificateholders shall not be personally liable for obligations of the Issuer. The interests represented by the
Certificates shall be nonassessable for any losses or expenses of the Issuer or for any reason whatsoever, and, upon the authentication thereof by the Owner Trustee pursuant to Sections 3.03, 3.04 or 3.05, the Certificates are and shall be deemed
fully paid.

12

ARTICLE FOUR

ACTIONS BY OWNER TRUSTEE

Section 4.01. Prior Notice to Certificateholders with Respect to Certain Matters. Subject to the provisions and limitations of Section 4.04, the Owner Trustee shall not take
action unless at least 30 days before the taking of such action with respect to the following matters the Owner Trustee shall have notified the Certificateholders in writing of the proposed action and Majority Certificateholders shall not have
notified the Owner Trustee in writing prior to the 30th day after such notice is given that such Certificateholders have withheld consent or provided alternative direction:

(a) the initiation of any claim or lawsuit by the Issuer and the settlement of any Proceeding, investigation or claim brought by or against the Issuer, in each case other than claims or lawsuits
brought by the Servicer on behalf of the Issuer for collection of the Receivables and the Financed Vehicles;

(b) the election by the Issuer to file an amendment to the Certificate of Trust (unless such amendment is required to be filed under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act);

(c) the amendment of the Indenture by a supplemental indenture in circumstances where the consent of any Noteholder (i) is required or (ii) is not required and such amendment materially
adversely affects the interests of the Certificateholders;

(d) the amendment of the Administration Agreement, except to cure any ambiguity or mistake or to amend or supplement any provision in a manner or to add any provision that would not materially
adversely affect the interests of the Certificateholders; or

(e) the appointment pursuant to the Indenture of a successor Note Registrar, Paying Agent or Indenture Trustee or pursuant to this Agreement of a successor Certificate Registrar, or the consent
to the assignment by the Note Registrar, Paying Agent, Indenture Trustee or Certificate Registrar of its respective obligations under the Indenture or this Agreement, as applicable.

Section 4.02. Action by Certificateholders with Respect to Certain Matters. The Owner Trustee may not (i) pursuant to Article Seven of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, remove
the Servicer or appoint a Successor Servicer or (ii) remove the Administrator pursuant to Section 1.09 of the Administration Agreement unless the Majority Certificateholders direct the Owner Trustee to take such action (a) upon the occurrence of
the termination of the Servicer pursuant to Article Seven of the Sale and Servicing Agreement and (b) subsequent to the payment in full of the Notes.

Section 4.03. Action by Certificateholders with Respect to Bankruptcy. The Owner Trustee shall not have the power to commence a voluntary Proceeding under any Insolvency Law
relating to the Issuer unless each Certificateholder approves of such commencement in writing in advance and delivers to the Owner Trustee a certificate certifying that such Certificateholder reasonably believes that the Issuer is insolvent.

13

Section 4.04. Restrictions on Certificateholders Power. The Certificateholders shall not direct the Owner Trustee to take or refrain from taking any action if such action or
inaction would be contrary to any obligation of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee under any Basic Document or would be contrary to Section 2.03, nor shall the Owner Trustee be obligated to follow any such direction, if given.

Section 4.05. Majority Control. Except as expressly provided herein, (i) any action that may be taken by the Certificateholders under this Agreement may be taken by the Majority
Certificateholders and (ii) any written notice of the Certificateholders delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be effective if signed by the Majority Certificateholders at the time of the delivery of such notice.

Section 4.06. Certain Litigation Matters. The Owner Trustee shall provide prompt written notice to the Depositor, the Seller and the Servicer of any Proceeding or investigation
actually known to a Responsible Officer of the Owner Trustee in any way relating to the Issuer, the Trust Property or any Issuer Basic Document.

14

ARTICLE FIVE

APPLICATION OF TRUST FUNDS; CERTAIN DUTIES

Section 5.01. Application of Trust Funds.

(a) On each Payment Date, upon receipt from the Servicer of an Investor Report pursuant to Section 3.10 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Owner Trustee shall, directly or through a Paying Agent,
distribute or cause to be distributed, to the Certificateholders, in proportion to each Certificateholders Certificate Percentage Interest, available amounts on deposit in the Collection Account on such Payment Date pursuant to Section 4.04 of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement and payable to the Certificateholders pursuant to Section 2.08 of the Indenture.

(b) So long as the Depositor or one or more of its Affiliates are the sole Certificateholders, on or following the Payment Date on which the Note Balance has been reduced to zero and the Indenture has been
discharged, the Depositor may direct the Owner Trustee in writing to distribute, and upon receipt of such direction the Owner Trustee shall distribute to or upon the order of the Depositor in accordance with Section 9.01(c) or 9.01(d), the
remaining assets of the Issuer.

(c) On each Payment Date, the Owner Trustee shall, directly or through a Paying Agent, send or make available electronically to each Certificateholder of record the related Investor Report provided to the
Owner Trustee by the Servicer pursuant to Section 3.10 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

(d) In the event that any withholding tax is imposed on the Issuers payment (or, if the Issuer is treated as a partnership for United States federal income tax purposes, allocations of income) to a
Certificateholder, such tax shall reduce the amount otherwise distributable to such Certificateholder in accordance with this Section. The Owner Trustee and each Paying Agent are hereby authorized and directed to retain from amounts otherwise
distributable to the Certificateholders sufficient funds for the payment of any such withholding tax that is legally owed by the Issuer (but such authorization shall not prevent the Owner Trustee or any Paying Agent from contesting any such tax
in appropriate Proceedings and withholding payment of such tax, if permitted by Applicable Law, pending the outcome of such Proceedings, it being understood that neither the Owner Trustee nor any Paying Agent shall have any duty to contest such
amounts). The amount of any withholding tax imposed with respect to a Certificateholder shall be treated as cash distributed to such Certificateholder at the time it is withheld by the Issuer for remittance to the appropriate taxing authority. 
If the Owner Trustee or a Paying Agent determines that there is a possibility that withholding tax is payable with respect to a distribution (such as a distribution to a non-U.S. Certificateholder), the Owner Trustee or any Paying Agent may, in
its sole discretion, withhold such amounts in accordance with this Section. If a Certificateholder wishes to apply for a refund of any such withholding tax, the Owner Trustee and each Paying Agent shall reasonably cooperate with such
Certificateholder in making such claim so long as such Certificateholder agrees to reimburse the Owner Trustee and each Paying Agent for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred, as applicable.

15

Section 5.02. Method of Payment. Subject to Section 9.01(c) and 9.01(d), distributions required to be made to Certificateholders on any Payment Date shall be made by the Owner
Trustee or a Paying Agent to each Certificateholder of record on the related Record Date by wire transfer, in immediately available funds, to the account of such Certificateholder at a bank or other entity having appropriate facilities therefor,
if such Certificateholder shall have provided to the Certificate Registrar and the Paying Agent appropriate written instructions at least five Business Days prior to such Payment Date and such Certificateholder is the Depositor or an Affiliate
thereof or, if not, by check mailed to such Certificateholder at the address of such Certificateholder appearing in the Certificate Register. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the final distribution in respect of any Certificate will be payable
only upon presentation and surrender of such Certificate at the office or agency maintained for that purpose by the Certificate Registrar pursuant to Section 3.08.

Section 5.03. No Segregation of Monies; No Interest. Subject to Section 5.01, monies received by the Owner Trustee hereunder need not be segregated in any manner except to the
extent required by the Basic Documents or Applicable Law, and shall be deposited uninvested in a non-interest-bearing trust account under such general conditions as may be prescribed by Applicable Law and the Owner Trustee shall not be liable for
any interest thereon.

Section 5.04. Accounting and Reports to Certificateholders, the IRS and Others. The Owner Trustee shall, upon receipt of and based on information provided by the Seller or the
Servicer, (i) maintain (or cause to be maintained) the books of the Issuer on the basis of a fiscal year ending December 31 and, based on the accrual method of accounting, (ii) deliver to each Certificateholder, as may be required by the Code and
applicable Treasury Regulations, such information as may be required (including Schedule K-1) to enable such Certificateholder to prepare its United States federal and State income tax returns, (iii) file such tax returns relating to the Issuer
(including a partnership information return, IRS Form 1065, if required) and make such elections as may from time to time be required or appropriate under any applicable State or federal statute or rule or regulation thereunder so as to maintain
the Issuers characterization as a partnership, if so characterized, for United States federal income tax purposes, (iv) cause such tax returns to be signed in the manner required by Applicable Law and (v) collect or cause to be collected any
withholding tax as described in and in accordance with Section 5.01(d) with respect to income or distributions to Certificateholders. The Owner Trustee, on behalf of the Issuer, shall elect under Section 1278 of the Code to include in income
currently any market discount that accrues with respect to the Receivables. The Owner Trustee, on behalf of the Issuer, shall not make the election provided under Section 754 of the Code.

The Owner Trustee may satisfy its obligations with respect to this Section and Section 5.01(d) by retaining, at the expense of the Seller, Accountants selected by the Seller. The Owner Trustee may require the
Accountants to provide to the Owner Trustee, on or before December 31, 2025, a letter in form and substance satisfactory to the Owner Trustee as to whether any United States federal tax withholding on the Certificates is then required and, if
required, the procedures to be followed with respect thereto to comply with the requirements of the Code. The Accountants shall be required to update such letter in each instance that any additional tax withholding is subsequently required or
any previously required tax withholding shall no longer be required. The Owner Trustee shall be deemed to have discharged its obligations pursuant to this Section and Section 5.01(d) upon its retention of the Accountants, and the Owner Trustee
shall not have any liability with respect to the default, negligence or misconduct of the Accountants. The Owner Trustee shall be entitled to rely on and shall be fully protected in so relying, upon the letter, referred to in this paragraph,
from the Accountants and shall have no duty or obligation to verify the accuracy of the contents of such letter.

16

Section 5.05. Signature on Returns; Partnership Representative.

(a) In the event that the Issuer is classified as a partnership for United States federal income tax purposes, the Person that holds, or is deemed to hold under the Code, the Depositor, for as long as it is
a Holder of a Certificate, and thereafter, the Holder of the Certificate with the largest Certificate Percentage Interest, will prepare and sign, on behalf of the Issuer, the tax returns of the Issuer.

(b) The entity that is required to prepare the tax returns of the Issuer pursuant to Section 5.05(a) shall be the partnership representative, within the meaning of Section 6223(a) of the Code. The
partnership representative shall, (i) if the Issuer is eligible, cause the Issuer to elect, pursuant to Section 6221(b) of the Code, that Section 6221(a) of the Code shall not apply to the Issuer or (ii) if the election in Section 6221(b) of the
Code is not available, to the extent applicable, cause the Issuer to make the election under Section 6226(a) of the Code.

17

ARTICLE SIX

AUTHORITY AND DUTIES OF OWNER TRUSTEE

Section 6.01. General Authority. The Owner Trustee is authorized and directed to execute and deliver each Issuer Basic Document and each certificate or other document attached
as an exhibit to or contemplated by any Issuer Basic Document and any amendment or other agreement or instrument, in each case in such form as the Depositor shall approve, as evidenced conclusively by the Owner Trustees execution thereof. In
addition to the foregoing, the Owner Trustee is authorized, but shall not be obligated, to take all actions required of the Issuer pursuant to the Basic Documents. The Owner Trustee is further authorized from time to time to take such action as
the Administrator or Certificateholders recommends with respect to the Basic Documents.

Section 6.02. General Duties.

(a) It shall be the duty of the Owner Trustee to discharge (or cause to be discharged) all of its responsibilities pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and to administer the Issuer for the benefit of the
Certificateholders, subject to the Basic Documents and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Owner Trustee shall be deemed to have discharged its duties and responsibilities hereunder and to the
extent expressly provided for under the other Basic Documents to the extent the Administrator has agreed in the Administration Agreement to perform any act or to discharge any duty of the Owner Trustee or the Issuer hereunder or under any other
Basic Document, and the Owner Trustee shall not be held liable for the default or failure of the Administrator to carry out its obligations under the Administration Agreement. The Owner Trustee agrees to perform its duties under this Agreement
in good faith and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, neither the Owner Trustee nor any of its officers, directors, employees, agents or Affiliates shall have any implied
duties (including fiduciary duties) or liabilities otherwise existing at law or in equity with respect to the Issuer, which implied duties and liabilities are hereby eliminated. Every provision of this Agreement relating to the conduct or
affecting the liability of or affording protection to the Owner Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of this Article Six and Article Seven.

(b) The Owner Trustee shall cooperate with the Administrator in carrying out the Administrators obligation to qualify and preserve the Issuers qualification to do business in each jurisdiction, if any, in
which such qualification is or shall be necessary to protect the validity and enforceability of the Indenture, the Notes, the Receivables and any other instrument and agreement included in the Trust Property; provided that the Owner Trustee may
rely on advice of counsel with respect to such obligation.

Section 6.03. Action Upon Instruction.

(a) Subject to Article Four, and in accordance with the terms of the Issuer Basic Documents, the Certificateholders (or, to the extent set forth in this Agreement, the Depositor) may, by written instruction,
direct the Owner Trustee in the management of the Issuer. Such direction may be exercised at any time by written instruction of the Certificateholders or the Depositor, as applicable, pursuant to Article Four. In addition, the Administrator may
direct the Owner Trustee in the management of the Issuer in accordance with Section 6.01 and the Administration Agreement.

18

(b) The Owner Trustee shall not be required to take any action under this Agreement or any other Basic Document if the Owner Trustee shall have reasonably determined, or shall have been advised by counsel,
that such action is likely to result in liability on the part of the Owner Trustee or is contrary to the terms of any Basic Document or is otherwise contrary to Applicable Law.

(c) Whenever the Owner Trustee is unable to decide between alternative courses of action permitted or required by the terms of any Basic Document or in the event that the Owner Trustee is unsure as to the
application of any provision of any Basic Document or any such provision is ambiguous as to its application, or is, or appears to be, in conflict with any other applicable provision, or in the event that this Agreement permits any determination
by the Owner Trustee or is silent or is incomplete as to the course of action that the Owner Trustee is required to take with respect to a particular set of facts, the Owner Trustee shall promptly give notice (in such form as shall be appropriate
under the circumstances) to the Certificateholders of record as of the preceding Record Date requesting instruction as to the course of action to be adopted, and to the extent it acts in good faith in accordance with any written instruction of
the Majority Certificateholders received, the Owner Trustee shall not be liable on account of such action to any Person. If the Owner Trustee shall not have received appropriate written instruction within ten days of such notice (or within such
shorter period of time as reasonably may be specified in such notice or may be necessary under the circumstances) it may, but shall be under no duty to, take or refrain from taking such action, not inconsistent with the Basic Documents as it
shall deem to be in the best interests of the Certificateholders, and shall have no liability to any Person for such action or inaction.

(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the right of the Depositor or Certificateholders to take any action affecting the Trust Property shall be subject to the rights of the Indenture Trustee under the
Indenture.

(e) The Owner Trustee shall be under no obligation to (i) monitor, determine or verify the unavailability or cessation of the SOFR Rate (or the then-current Benchmark), or whether or when there has occurred,
or to give notice to any other transaction party of the occurrence of, any Benchmark Transition Event or Benchmark Replacement Date, (ii) select, determine or designate any Benchmark Replacement, or other successor or replacement benchmark index,
or whether any conditions to the designation of such a rate have been satisfied, (iii) select, determine or designate any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, or other modifier to any replacement or successor index, or (iv) determine whether or what
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are necessary or advisable, if any, in connection with any of the foregoing.

(f) The Owner Trustee shall not be liable for any inability, failure or delay on its part to perform any of its duties set forth in this Agreement as a result of the unavailability of the SOFR Rate (or the
then-current Benchmark) and absence of a designated replacement Benchmark, including as a result of any inability, delay, error or inaccuracy on the part of any other transaction party, including without limitation the Issuer, in providing any
direction, instruction, notice or information required or contemplated by the terms of this Agreement and reasonably required for the performance of such duties. The Owner Trustee shall be entitled to rely conclusively upon any determination
made, and any instruction, notice, Officers Certificate or other instrument or information provided by the Administrator, Servicer or Depositor without independent verification, investigation or inquiry of any kind by the Owner Trustee.

19

Section 6.04. No Duties Except as Specified in this Agreement or in Instructions. The Owner Trustee shall not have any duty or obligation to manage, make any payment with
respect to, register, record, sell, dispose of or otherwise deal with the Trust Property, or to otherwise take or refrain from taking any action under, or in connection with, any document contemplated hereby to which the Owner Trustee or the
Issuer is a party, except as expressly provided by the terms of this Agreement or in any document or written instruction received by the Owner Trustee pursuant to Section 6.03; and no implied duties or obligations shall be read into any Basic
Document against the Owner Trustee. The Owner Trustee shall have no responsibility for filing any financing statements, amendment or continuation statement in any public office at any time or to otherwise perfect or maintain the perfection of
any Lien granted to it hereunder or to prepare or file any Commission filing for the Issuer or to record any Basic Document. The Owner Trustee nevertheless agrees that it will, at its own cost and expense, promptly take all action as may be
necessary to discharge any Liens on any part of the Trust Property that result from actions by, or claims against, the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity that are not related to the ownership or the administration of the Trust Property.

Section 6.05. No Action Except Under Specified Documents or Instructions. The Owner Trustee shall not manage, control, use, sell, dispose of or otherwise deal with any part of
the Trust Property except in accordance with (i) the powers granted to and the authority conferred upon the Owner Trustee pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) the Basic Documents and (iii) any document or instruction delivered to the Owner Trustee
pursuant to Section 6.03.

Section 6.06. Restrictions. The Owner Trustee shall not take any action that (i) is inconsistent with the purposes of the Issuer set forth in Section 2.03 or (ii) to the actual
knowledge of a Responsible Officer of the Owner Trustee, would (a) affect the treatment of the Notes as indebtedness for United States federal income or State income or franchise tax purposes, (b) be deemed to cause a taxable exchange of the
Notes for United States federal income or State income or franchise tax purposes or (c) cause the Issuer or any portion thereof to be taxable as an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for United States federal
income or State income or franchise tax purposes. The Certificateholders, the Administrator and the Servicer shall not direct the Owner Trustee to take any action that would violate the provisions of this Section or any other provision of any
Basic Document. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Depositor, the Servicer and their respective Affiliates may maintain normal commercial banking relationships with the Owner Trustee and its Affiliates.

Section 6.07. Notice to Administrator of Repurchase Requests. Not later than the fifth day of each calendar month (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately
following Business Day), beginning March 5, 2025, the Owner Trustee shall provide to the Administrator a notice in substantially the form of Exhibit C with respect to any requests received by the Owner Trustee during the immediately preceding
calendar month (or, in the case of the initial notice, since the Closing Date) that any Receivable be repurchased by the Seller pursuant to Section 2.05 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or Section 3.04 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement.

20

ARTICLE SEVEN

THE OWNER TRUSTEE

Section 7.01. Acceptance of Duties. The Owner Trustee accepts the trusts hereby continued and agrees to perform its duties with respect to such trusts, but only upon the terms
of this Agreement. The Owner Trustee also agrees to disburse all monies actually received by it constituting part of the Trust Property upon the terms set forth in the Basic Documents. The Owner Trustee shall not be answerable or accountable
hereunder or under any other Basic Document under any circumstances, except (i) for its own willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence or (ii) in the case of the inaccuracy of any representation or warranty contained in Section 7.03
expressly made by the Owner Trustee, in its individual capacity. In particular, but not by way of limitation (and subject to the exceptions set forth in the preceding sentence):

(a) the Owner Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by any officer or employee of the Owner Trustee;

(b) the Owner Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement at the instructions of
the Administrator or the Certificateholders;

(c) no provision of the Basic Documents shall require the Owner Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties
hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers hereunder or under any other Basic Document if the Owner Trustee shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or
liability is not reasonably assured or provided to it;

(d) under no circumstances shall the Owner Trustee be liable for any representation, warranty, covenant, obligation of any other Person or indebtedness evidenced by or arising under any Basic
Document, including the principal of and interest on the Notes or any amounts payable on the Certificates;

(e) the Owner Trustee shall not be responsible for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Agreement or for the due execution hereof by the Depositor or for the form, character,
genuineness, sufficiency, value or validity of any of the Trust Property, or for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of the Basic Documents, other than the signature and the certificate of authentication of the Owner Trustee on the
Certificates, and the Owner Trustee shall in no event assume or incur any liability, duty or obligation to any Securityholder, other than as expressly provided for herein;

(f) the Owner Trustee shall not be liable for the default or misconduct of the Administrator, the Depositor, any Certificateholder, the Indenture Trustee, the Servicer or the Seller under any
Basic Document or otherwise, and the Owner Trustee shall have no obligation or liability to perform the obligations of the Issuer under the Basic Documents that are required to be performed by the Administrator under the Administration Agreement,
the Indenture Trustee under the Indenture or the Seller, the Servicer or the Depositor under the Sale and Servicing Agreement;

21

(g) the Owner Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Agreement, make any investigation of matters arising under this Agreement or to
institute, conduct or defend any litigation under this Agreement or otherwise or in relation to any Basic Document at the request, order or direction of any Certificateholders, unless such Certificateholders have offered to the Owner Trustee
security or indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities that may be incurred by the Owner Trustee therein or thereby; and the right of the Owner Trustee to perform any discretionary act enumerated in any Basic
Document shall not be construed as a duty, and the Owner Trustee shall not be answerable other than for its gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct in the performance of any such act; provided, that if the Owner Trustee declines to take
any actions in connection with a dispute resolution related to a repurchase request due to the failure of the requesting Certificateholder to provide reasonable security or indemnity or for any other reason, then such Certificateholder may
exercise its rights related to dispute resolution directly as the Requesting Party pursuant to Section 3.17 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement;

(h) in no event will the Owner Trustee have any responsibility to monitor compliance with or enforce compliance with the credit risk retention requirements for asset-backed securities or other
rules or regulations relating to credit risk retention; the Owner Trustee will not be charged with knowledge of such rules, nor will it be liable to any Noteholder, Certificateholder, the Depositor, the Servicer or any other Person for violation
of such rules now or hereinafter in effect;

(i) the Owner Trustee shall have no responsibility for the accuracy of any information provided to Certificateholders or any other individual or entity that has been obtained from, or provided
to the Owner Trustee by, any other Person;

(j) in the absence of gross negligence or bad faith on its part, the Owner Trustee may conclusively rely upon certificates or Opinions of Counsel furnished to the Owner Trustee and conforming
to the requirements of this Agreement in determining the truthfulness of the statements and the correctness of the opinions contained therein; provided, however, that the Owner Trustee shall have examined such certificates or Opinions of Counsel
so as to determine compliance of the same with the requirements of this Agreement;

(k) to the fullest extent permitted by law and notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Owner Trustee shall not be personally liable for (i) special, consequential or
punitive damages, however styled, including lost profits or (ii) the acts or omissions of any nominee, correspondent, clearing agency or securities depository through which it holds the Issuers securities or assets;

22

(l) notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Owner Trustee shall not be responsible or liable for its failure to perform under this Agreement or for any losses to the
Issuer resulting from any event beyond the reasonable control of the Owner Trustee, its agents or subcustodians, including nationalization, strikes, expropriation, devaluation, seizure or similar action by any Governmental Authority, de facto or
de jure; enactment, promulgation, imposition or enforcement by any such Governmental Authority of currency restrictions, exchange controls, levies or other charges affecting the Issuers property; the breakdown, failure or malfunction of any
utilities or telecommunications systems; any order or regulation of any banking or securities industry including changes in market rules and market conditions affecting the execution or settlement of transactions; acts of war, terrorism,
insurrection or revolution; acts of God; epidemic or pandemic, quarantine, shelter-in-place or similar directive, guidance, policy or other action by any Governmental Authority; or any other similar event;

(m) the Owner Trustee shall not be required to provide, on its own behalf, any surety bond or other kind of security in connection with the execution of any of its trusts or powers under this
Agreement or any other Basic Document or the performance of its duties hereunder;

(n) each of the parties hereto hereby agrees and, as evidenced by its acceptance of any benefits hereunder, each Certificateholder agrees that the Owner Trustee in any capacity (i) has not
provided and will not provide in the future, any advice, counsel or opinion regarding the tax, regulatory, financial, investment, securities law or insurance implications and consequences of the formation, funding and ongoing administration of
the Issuer, including income, gift and estate tax issues, insurable interest issues, risk retention issues, doing business or other licensing matters and the initial and ongoing selection and monitoring of financing arrangements, (ii) has not
made any investigation as to the accuracy of any representations, warranties or other obligations of the Issuer under the Basic Documents and shall have no liability in connection therewith and (iii) has not prepared or verified, and shall not be
responsible or liable for, any information, disclosure or other statement in any disclosure or offering document or in any other document issued or delivered in connection with the sale or transfer of the Notes;

(o) notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Owner Trustee shall not be required to take any action in any jurisdiction other than in the State of Delaware if the taking of
such action will (i) require the registration with, licensing by or the taking of any other similar action in respect of, any Governmental Authority other than the State of Delaware by or with respect to it; (ii) result in any fee, tax or other
governmental charge under the laws of any jurisdiction or any political subdivisions thereof in existence on the date hereof other than the State of Delaware becoming payable by it; or (iii) subject it to personal jurisdiction in any jurisdiction
other than the State of Delaware for causes of action arising from acts unrelated to the consummation of the transactions by it contemplated hereby; the Owner Trustee shall be entitled to obtain advice of counsel (which advice shall be an expense
of the Issuer) to determine whether any action required to be taken pursuant to the Agreement results in the consequences described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of the preceding sentence; and in the event that said counsel advises the Owner
Trustee that such action will result in such consequences, the Owner Trustee may, or if instructed to do so by the Depositor, shall appoint an additional trustee pursuant to Section 10.05 to proceed with such action;

23

(p) it shall be the duty and responsibility of the Administrator, and not of the Owner Trustee, to cause the Issuer to respond to, defend, participate in or otherwise act in connection with any
Proceeding or inquiry relating in any way to the Issuer, its assets or the conduct of its business; provided, that the Owner Trustee hereby agrees to cooperate with the Administrator and to comply with any reasonable request made by the
Administrator for the delivery of information or documents to the Administrator in the Owner Trustees actual possession relating to any such Proceeding or inquiry;

(q) the Owner Trustee shall not have any obligation or duty to supervise or monitor the performance of any other Person and shall have no liability for the failure of any other Person to
perform its obligations or duties under the Basic Documents or otherwise; and

the Owner Trustee shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of any fact or event unless a Responsible Officer of the Owner Trustee has actual knowledge thereof or unless written notice of such fact or event is received by a Responsible
Officer and such notice references the fact or event.

Section 7.02. Furnishing of Documents. The Owner Trustee shall furnish to the Certificateholders, promptly upon receipt of a written request therefor, and at the expense of the
related Certificateholders, (i) copies of the Basic Documents and (ii) copies of all reports, notices, requests, demands, certificates, financial statements and any other instruments furnished to the Owner Trustee under the Basic Documents.

Section 7.03. Representations and Warranties. The Owner Trustee hereby represents and warrants to the Depositor and the Certificateholders, that:

(a) It is a national banking association duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the United States that meets the eligibility criteria set forth in Section 10.01; and it has all
requisite corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(b) It has taken all corporate action necessary to authorize the execution and delivery by it of this Agreement, and this Agreement will be executed and delivered by one of its officers who is
duly authorized to execute and deliver this Agreement on its behalf.

(c) Neither the execution nor the delivery by it of this Agreement, nor the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby, nor compliance by it with any of the terms or provisions
hereof will contravene any federal or Delaware law, governmental rule or regulation governing the banking or trust powers of the Owner Trustee or any judgment or order binding on it, or constitute any default under its charter documents or bylaws
or any indenture, mortgage, contract, agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which any of its properties may be bound.

24

(d) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid, and binding obligation of the Owner Trustee, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights in general and by general principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforceability shall be considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

(e) To the actual knowledge of its Responsible Officers, the Owner Trustee is not in material default under any indenture, mortgage, bank credit agreement, note or bond purchase agreement, long
term lease, license or other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound, which default would have a material adverse effect on its ability to perform its obligations as Owner Trustee under this Agreement.

(f) To the actual knowledge of its Responsible Officers, there are no pending or threatened actions, suits or proceedings affecting the Owner Trustee before any court or other governmental
authority or agency under the laws of the State of Delaware or the federal laws of the United States governing the trust powers of the Owner Trustee (i) seeking the invalidity of this Agreement, or (ii) which, if adversely determined, would
materially and adversely affect the ability of the Owner Trustee to perform its obligations as Owner Trustee under this Agreement.

(g) Neither the execution, delivery and performance by the Owner Trustee of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, requires the consent or approval of, the
withholding of objection on the part of, the giving of notice to, the filing, registration or qualification with, or the taking of any other action in respect of, any governmental authority or agency under the laws of the State of Delaware or the
federal laws of the United States governing the trust powers of the Owner Trustee.

Section 7.04. Reliance; Advice of Counsel.

(a) The Owner Trustee shall incur no liability to anyone in acting upon any signature, instrument, notice, resolution, request, consent, order, certificate, report, opinion, bond or other document or paper
believed by it to be genuine and believed by it to be signed by the proper party or parties. The Owner Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in any such document, including verifying the correctness of any numbers or
calculations. The Owner Trustee may accept a certified copy of a resolution of the board of directors or other governing body of any corporate party as conclusive evidence that such resolution has been duly adopted by such body and that the same
is in full force and effect. As to any fact or matter the method of determination of which is not specifically prescribed herein, the Owner Trustee may for all purposes hereof rely on a certificate, signed by any Authorized Officer of the
relevant party, as to such fact or matter, and such certificate shall constitute full protection to the Owner Trustee for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in reliance thereon.

25

(b) In the exercise or administration of the trusts hereunder and in the performance of its duties and obligations under this Agreement and to the extent expressly provided for under the other Issuer Basic
Documents, the Owner Trustee may, at the expense of the Issuer to the extent permitted under Sections 8.01 and 8.02, (i) act directly or through its agents or attorneys pursuant to agreements entered into with any of them, and the Owner Trustee
shall not be liable for the conduct or misconduct of such agents or attorneys if such agents or attorneys shall have been selected by the Owner Trustee with reasonable care and (ii) consult with counsel, accountants and other skilled Persons to
be selected with reasonable care and employed by it. The Owner Trustee shall not be liable for anything done, suffered or omitted in good faith by it in accordance with the written opinion or advice of any such counsel, accountants or other such
Persons and not contrary to any Basic Document.

Section 7.05. Not Acting in Individual Capacity. Except as otherwise provided in this Article, in accepting the trusts hereby created, WTNA acts solely as Owner Trustee
hereunder and not in its individual capacity, and all Persons having any claim against the Owner Trustee by reason of the transactions contemplated by the Basic Documents shall look only to the Trust Property for payment or satisfaction thereof.

Section 7.06. Owner Trustee Not Liable for Basic Documents or Certificates. The recitals contained herein and in the Certificates (other than the signature and the certificate
of authentication of the Owner Trustee on the Certificates) shall be taken as the statements of the Depositor, and the Owner Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness thereof. The Owner Trustee makes no representations as to the
validity or sufficiency of any Basic Document or the Certificates (in each case other than the signature and the certificate of authentication of the Owner Trustee on the Certificates and the representations and warranties in Section 7.03) or the
Notes. The Owner Trustee shall at no time have any responsibility or liability for or with respect to the legality, validity and enforceability of any Receivable, or the perfection and priority of any security interest created by any Receivable
in any Financed Vehicle or the maintenance of any such perfection and priority, or for or with respect to the sufficiency of the Trust Property or its ability to generate the payments to be distributed to the Certificateholders under this
Agreement or to the Noteholders under the Indenture, including the existence, condition and ownership of any Financed Vehicle; the existence and enforceability of any insurance thereon; the existence and contents of any Receivable on any computer
or other record thereof; the validity of the assignment of any Receivable to the Issuer or of any intervening assignment; the completeness of any Receivable; the performance or enforcement of any Receivable; the compliance by the Depositor, the
Seller or the Servicer with any warranty or representation made under any Basic Document or the accuracy of any such warranty or representation; or for any action of the Administrator, the Indenture Trustee or the Servicer taken in the name of
the Owner Trustee.

Section 7.07. Owner Trustee May Own Securities. The Owner Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become a Securityholder or pledgee of Securities and may deal with
the Depositor, the Administrator, the Indenture Trustee, the Seller and the Servicer in banking transactions with the same rights as it would have if it were not Owner Trustee.

Section 7.08. The Paying Agent and the Certificate Registrar. The rights and protections afforded to the Owner Trustee pursuant to Article Six and Sections 8.02, 10.02, 10.03
and 10.04 shall be afforded to the Paying Agent, the authenticating agent and the Certificate Registrar.

26

Section 7.09. Applicable Anti-Money Laundering Law. Pursuant to Applicable Anti-Money Laundering Law, the Owner Trustee is required to obtain on or before the Closing Date, and
from time to time thereafter, documentation to verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. For a non-individual person such as a business entity, a charity, a trust or other legal entity, the Owner Trustee
will ask for documentation to verify the entitys formation and existence, its financial statements, licenses, tax identification documents, identification and authorization documents from individuals claiming authority to represent the entity
and other relevant documentation and information (including beneficial owners of such entities). To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Anti-Money Laundering Law, the Owner Trustee may conclusively rely on, and shall be fully protected
and indemnified in relying on, any such information received. Failure to provide such information may result in an inability of the Owner Trustee to perform its obligations hereunder, which, at the sole option of the Owner Trustee, may result in
the Owner Trustees resignation in accordance with Section 10.02. In addition to the Owner Trustee's obligations under Applicable Anti-Money Laundering Law the Corporate Transparency Act (31 U.S.C 5336) and its implementing regulations
(collectively, the "CTA" and together with Applicable Anti-Money Laundering Law , "AML Law"), may require the Trust to file reports with the U.S. Financial Crimes Enforcement Network. It shall be the Depositors duty and not the Owner Trustees
duty to prepare such filings, cause the Trust to make such filings, and to cause the Trust to comply with its obligations under the CTA, if any. The parties hereto agree that for purposes of Applicable AML Law, (a) the Depositor is and shall be
deemed to be the sole beneficial owner of the Issuer (Ownership Prong) and (b) the Depositor is and shall deemed to be the party with the power and authority to control the Issuer (Control Prong).

27

ARTICLE EIGHT

COMPENSATION AND INDEMNIFICATION OF OWNER TRUSTEE

Section 8.01. Owner Trustees Fees and Expenses. The Owner Trustee shall receive as compensation for its services hereunder such fees as have been separately agreed upon before
the Closing Date between the Servicer or Administrator and the Owner Trustee, and upon the formation of the Issuer, the Owner Trustee shall be entitled to be reimbursed, except as otherwise provided in the Basic Documents, by the Servicer or
Administrator for its other reasonable expenses hereunder, including the reasonable compensation, expenses and disbursements of such agents, representatives, experts and counsel as the Owner Trustee may employ in connection with the exercise and
performance of its rights and its duties hereunder.

When the Owner Trustee incurs expenses after the occurrence of an Event of Default set forth under Section 5.01(v) or (vi) of the Indenture with respect to the Issuer, such expenses are intended to constitute
expenses of administration under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable Insolvency Law.

Section 8.02. Indemnification. The Depositor shall be liable as primary obligor for, and shall indemnify the Indemnified Parties from and against, any and all Expenses, which
may at any time be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against the Owner Trustee or any other Indemnified Party in any way relating to or arising out of the Basic Documents, the Trust Property, the administration of the Trust Property or the
action or inaction of the Owner Trustee hereunder, including any Expenses incurred by the Indemnified Parties in connection with the enforcement of the Depositors indemnification or other obligations hereunder; provided, however, that the
Depositor shall not be liable for or required to indemnify an Indemnified Party from and against Expenses arising or resulting from any of the matters described in the third sentence of Section 7.01. To the extent not paid, or caused to be paid,
by the Depositor or the Administrator, any indemnity due and owing the Owner Trustee shall be paid in accordance with Section 2.08 of the Indenture. The indemnities contained in this Section shall survive the resignation or termination of the
Owner Trustee or the termination of this Agreement. In the event of any claim, action or Proceeding for which indemnity will be sought pursuant to this Section, the Owner Trustees choice of legal counsel shall be subject to the approval of the
Depositor, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.

Section 8.03. Payments to the Owner Trustee. Any amounts paid to the Owner Trustee pursuant to this Article from assets that are part of the Trust Property shall be deemed not
to be a part of the Trust Property immediately after such payment.

28

ARTICLE NINE

TERMINATION OF TRUST AGREEMENT

Section 9.01. Termination of Trust Agreement.

(a) This Agreement (other than the provisions of Article Eight) shall terminate and be of no further force or effect and the Issuer shall dissolve and wind-up upon the earlier of (i) the payment to the
Servicer, the Trustees and the Securityholders of all amounts required to be paid to them pursuant to the Indenture, the Sale and Servicing Agreement and Article Five of this Agreement, (ii) the Payment Date next succeeding the month which is one
year after the maturity or other liquidation of the last Receivable and the disposition of any amounts received upon liquidation of any property remaining in the Issuer or (iii) upon the purchase of the Receivables by the Servicer in connection
with an Optional Purchase and retirement of the Securities. The bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution, death or incapacity of any Certificateholder shall not (i) operate to dissolve or terminate this Agreement or the Issuer, (ii) entitle such
Certificateholders legal representatives or heirs to claim an accounting or to take any Proceeding in any court for a partition or winding up of all or any part of the Issuer or the Trust Property or (iii) otherwise affect the rights,
obligations and liabilities of the parties hereto.

(b) Except as provided in Section 9.01(a), neither the Depositor nor any Certificateholder shall be entitled to revoke, dissolve or terminate the Issuer.

(c) Notice of any termination of the Issuer, specifying the Payment Date upon which Certificateholders shall surrender their Certificates to the Owner Trustee for payment of the final distribution and
cancellation, shall be given by the Owner Trustee to Certificateholders mailed within five Business Days of receipt of notice of such termination from the Servicer, stating (i) the Payment Date upon or with respect to which final payment of the
Certificates shall be made upon presentation and surrender of the Certificates at the office of the Owner Trustee therein designated, (ii) the amount of any such final payment and (iii) that the Record Date otherwise applicable to such Payment
Date is not applicable and that payments are being made only upon presentation and surrender of the Certificates at the office of the Owner Trustee therein specified. The Owner Trustee shall give such notice to the Certificate Registrar (if
other than the Owner Trustee) and the Paying Agent at the time such notice is given to Certificateholders. Upon presentation and surrender of the Certificates, the Owner Trustee shall cause to be distributed to Certificateholders, subject to
Section 3808 of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, amounts distributable on such Payment Date pursuant to Section 5.01.

(d) In the event that all of the Certificateholders shall not surrender their Certificates for cancellation within six months after the date specified in the above mentioned written notice, the Owner Trustee
shall give a second written notice to the remaining Certificateholders to surrender their Certificates for cancellation and receive the final distribution with respect thereto. If within one year after the second notice all the Certificates
shall not have been surrendered for cancellation, the Owner Trustee may take appropriate steps, or may appoint an agent to take appropriate steps, to contact the remaining Certificateholders concerning surrender of their Certificates and the cost
thereof shall be paid out of the funds and other assets that shall remain subject to this Agreement. Subject to applicable escheat laws, any funds remaining in the Issuer after exhaustion of such remedies shall be distributed by the Owner
Trustee to the Seller, as Certificateholder.

29

(e) Following the dissolution and the winding up of the Issuer, in accordance with Section 3808 of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, the Depositor shall instruct the Owner Trustee in writing, and the Owner
Trustee, at the expense of the Depositor, shall cause the Certificate of Trust to be cancelled by filing a certificate of cancellation with the Secretary of State in accordance with the provisions of Section 3810(d) of the Delaware Statutory
Trust Act and the Issuer and this Agreement (other than Article Eight) shall terminate and be of no further force or effect.

30

ARTICLE TEN

SUCCESSOR AND ADDITIONAL OWNER TRUSTEES

Section 10.01. Eligibility Requirements for Owner Trustee. The Owner Trustee shall at all times be (i) a corporation with trust powers organized under the laws of the United
States or any State and satisfying the provisions of Section 3807(a) of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, (ii) authorized to exercise corporate trust powers that has (or has a parent that has) a combined capital and surplus of at least
$50,000,000 and is subject to supervision or examination by federal or State authorities and (iii) having (or having a parent that has) time deposits that are rated investment grade by Moodys and Fitch or, if it (or its parent) does not have
such ratings, otherwise be acceptable to each Rating Agency. If such corporation shall publish reports of condition at least annually pursuant to Applicable Law or to the requirements of the aforesaid supervising or examining authority, then for
the purpose of this Section, the combined capital and surplus of such corporation shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so published. If at any time the Owner Trustee shall
cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section, the Owner Trustee shall resign immediately in the manner and with the effect specified in Section 10.02.

Section 10.02. Resignation or Removal of Owner Trustee. The Owner Trustee may at any time resign upon 90 days prior written notice and be discharged from the trusts hereby
created by giving written notice thereof to the Administrator and the Depositor, and will provide to the Depositor in writing and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Depositor, all information reasonably requested by the
Depositor in order to comply with its reporting obligation under the Exchange Act with respect to the resignation of the Owner Trustee. Upon receiving such notice of resignation, the Administrator shall promptly appoint a successor Owner Trustee
acceptable to the Depositor by written instrument, in duplicate, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the resigning Owner Trustee and one copy to the successor Owner Trustee. If no successor Owner Trustee shall have been so
appointed and have accepted appointment within 30 days after the giving of such notice of resignation, the resigning Owner Trustee may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Owner Trustee. Neither the
Administrator nor the Depositor shall owe the outgoing Owner Trustee any expenses associated with the resignation of the outgoing Owner Trustee and the outgoing Owner Trustee shall not be responsible for any expenses associated with the
appointment of a successor Owner Trustee.

If at any time the Owner Trustee shall (i) cease to be eligible in accordance with Section 10.01 and shall fail to resign after written request therefor by the Administrator, or if at any time the Owner Trustee shall
be legally unable to act, (ii) be adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, or a receiver of the Owner Trustee or of its property shall be appointed, or any public officer shall take charge or control of the Owner Trustee or of its property or affairs for
the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation, (iii) fail to comply with any of its obligations under Section 10.02, 10.04 or 11.03, during the period that the Depositor is required to file Exchange Act Reports with respect to the
Issuer and such failure is not remedied within the lesser of ten calendar days and the period of time in which the related Exchange Act Report is required to be filed (without taking into account any extensions) or (iv) otherwise become incapable
of acting, then the Administrator or the Depositor may remove the Owner Trustee. If the Administrator or Depositor shall remove the Owner Trustee under the authority of the immediately preceding sentence, the Administrator shall promptly appoint
a successor Owner Trustee acceptable to the Depositor by written instrument, in duplicate, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the outgoing Owner Trustee so removed and one copy to the successor Owner Trustee, and shall pay all
fees and expenses owed to the outgoing Owner Trustee.

31

Any resignation or removal of the Owner Trustee and appointment of a successor Owner Trustee pursuant to any of the provisions of this Section shall not become effective until acceptance of appointment by the
successor Owner Trustee pursuant to Section 10.03 and payment of all fees and expenses owed to the outgoing Owner Trustee.

Section 10.03. Successor Owner Trustee. Any successor Owner Trustee appointed pursuant to Section 10.02 shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Administrator and to its
predecessor Owner Trustee an instrument accepting such appointment under this Agreement and deliver to the Depositor in writing and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Depositor, all information reasonably requested by the
Depositor in order to comply with its reporting obligations under the Exchange Act with respect to the successor Owner Trustee, and thereupon, subject to the payment of all fees and expenses owed to the predecessor Owner Trustee, the resignation
or removal of the predecessor Owner Trustee shall become effective, and such successor Owner Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become fully vested with all the rights, powers, duties and obligations of its predecessor
under this Agreement, with like effect as if originally named as Owner Trustee. The predecessor Owner Trustee shall upon payment of its fees and expenses deliver to the successor Owner Trustee all documents and statements and monies held by it
under this Agreement and the Administrator and the predecessor Owner Trustee shall execute and deliver such instruments and do such other things as may reasonably be required for fully and certainly vesting and confirming in the successor Owner
Trustee all such rights, powers, duties and obligations.

No successor Owner Trustee shall accept appointment as provided in this Section unless at the time of such acceptance such successor Owner Trustee shall be eligible pursuant to Section 10.01. Any successor Owner
Trustee shall promptly file an amendment to the Certificate of Trust as required by the Delaware Statutory Trust Act.

Upon acceptance of appointment by a successor Owner Trustee pursuant to this Section, the Administrator shall mail notice thereof to the Depositor, the Certificateholders, the Indenture Trustee and the Rating
Agencies. If the Administrator shall fail to mail such notice within ten days after acceptance of such appointment by the successor Owner Trustee, the successor Owner Trustee shall cause such notice to be mailed at the expense of the
Administrator.

Section 10.04. Merger or Consolidation of Owner Trustee.

(a) If the Owner Trustee consolidates with, merges or converts into, or transfers all or substantially all its corporate trust business or assets to, another entity, the resulting, surviving or transferee
corporation or banking association without any further act, except the filing of an amendment to the Certificate of Trust, if required under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, shall be the successor Owner Trustee; provided, however, that such
corporation or banking association must be otherwise qualified and eligible under Section 10.01. The Owner Trustee shall (i) provide the Rating Agencies with written notice as soon as practicable after a public announcement is made regarding any
such transaction, (ii) file an amendment to the Certificate of Trust as required by Section 10.03 (if required under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act) and (iii) provide the Depositor in writing and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
the Depositor, all information reasonably requested by the Depositor in order to comply with its reporting obligation under the Exchange Act with respect to the successor Owner Trustee.

32

(b) If any of the Certificates shall have been authenticated but not delivered at the time such successor or successors by consolidation, merger or conversion to the Owner Trustee shall succeed to the trusts
created by this Agreement, any such successor to the Owner Trustee may adopt the certificate of authentication of any predecessor trustee and deliver such Certificates so authenticated. If any of the Certificates shall not have been
authenticated upon such succession, any such successor to the Owner Trustee may authenticate such Certificates either in the name of any predecessor trustee or in the name of the successor to the Owner Trustee. In all such cases, such
Certificates shall have the full force which the Certificates or this Agreement provide that the certificate of the Owner Trustee shall have.

Section 10.05. Appointment of Co-Trustee or Separate Trustee. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, at any time, for the purpose of meeting any legal
requirement of any jurisdiction in which any part of the Trust Property or any Financed Vehicle may at the time be located, the Administrator and the Owner Trustee acting jointly shall have the power and shall execute and deliver all instruments
to appoint one or more Persons approved by the Administrator and Owner Trustee to act as co-trustee, jointly with the Owner Trustee, or as separate trustee or separate trustees, of all or any part of the Trust Property, and to vest in such
Person, in such capacity and for the benefit of the Certificateholders, such title to the Trust Property or any part thereof and, subject to the other provisions of this Section, such powers, duties, obligations, rights and trusts as the
Administrator and the Owner Trustee may consider necessary or desirable. If the Administrator shall not have joined in such appointment within 15 days after the receipt by it of a request so to do, the Owner Trustee alone shall have the power to
make such appointment. No co-trustee or separate trustee under this Agreement shall be required to meet the terms of eligibility as a successor Owner Trustee pursuant to Section 10.01, except that such co-trustee or successor trustee shall be
acceptable to each Rating Agency, and no notice of the appointment of any co-trustee or separate trustee shall be required pursuant to Section 10.03.

Each separate trustee and co-trustee shall, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, be appointed and act subject to the following provisions and conditions:

(a) all rights, powers, duties and obligations conferred or imposed upon the Owner Trustee shall be conferred or imposed upon and exercised or performed by the Owner Trustee and such
separate trustee or co-trustee jointly (it being understood that such separate trustee or co-trustee is not authorized to act separately without the Owner Trustee joining in such act), except to the extent that under any Applicable Law of any
jurisdiction in which any particular act or acts are to be performed, the Owner Trustee shall be incompetent or unqualified to perform such act or acts, in which event such rights, powers, duties and obligations (including the holding of title to
the Trust Property or any portion thereof in any such jurisdiction) shall be exercised and performed singly by such separate trustee or co-trustee, but solely at the direction of the Owner Trustee;

33

(b) no trustee under this Agreement shall be personally liable by reason of any act or omission of any other trustee under this Agreement; and

(c) the Administrator and the Owner Trustee acting jointly may at any time accept the resignation of or remove any separate trustee or co-trustee.

Any notice, request or other writing given to the Owner Trustee shall be deemed to have been given to each of the then-separate trustees and co-trustees, as effectively as if given to each of them. Every instrument
appointing any separate trustee or co-trustee shall refer to this Agreement and the conditions of this Article. Each separate trustee and co-trustee, upon its acceptance of the trusts conferred, shall be vested with the estates or property
specified in its instrument of appointment, either jointly with the Owner Trustee or separately, as may be provided therein, subject to all the provisions of this Agreement, specifically including every provision of this Agreement relating to the
conduct of, affecting the liability of, or affording protection to, the Owner Trustee. Each such instrument shall be filed with the Owner Trustee and a copy thereof given to the Administrator.

Any separate trustee or co-trustee may at any time appoint the Owner Trustee as its agent or attorney-in-fact with full power and authority, to the extent not prohibited by Applicable Law, to do any lawful act under
or in respect of this Agreement on its behalf and in its name. If any separate trustee or co-trustee shall die, become incapable of acting, resign or be removed, all of its estates, properties, rights, remedies and trusts shall vest in and be
exercised by the Owner Trustee, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, without the appointment of a new or successor co-trustee or separate trustee.

34

ARTICLE ELEVEN

REGULATION AB

Section 11.01. Intent of the Parties; Reasonableness. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the purpose of this Article is to facilitate compliance by the Depositor with
the provisions of Regulation AB and related rules and regulations of the Commission. The Depositor shall not exercise its right to request delivery of information or other performance under these provisions other than in good faith, or for
purposes other than the Depositors compliance with the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (or the provision in a private offering of disclosure comparable to that required under the
Securities Act). The Owner Trustee agrees to cooperate in good faith with any reasonable request by the Depositor for information regarding the Owner Trustee which is required in order to enable the Depositor to comply with the provisions of
Regulation AB, including Items 1109(a), 1109(b), 1117 and 1119 of Regulation AB as such items relate to the Owner Trustee or to the Owner Trustees obligations under this Agreement.

Section 11.02. Representations and Warranties. The Owner Trustee represents that:

(a) there are no affiliations relating to the Owner Trustee with respect to any Item 1119 Party;

(b) other than the transactions contemplated by the Basic Documents, there are no relationships or transactions with respect to any Item 1119 Party and the Owner Trustee that are outside
the ordinary course of business or on terms other than would be obtained in an arms-length transaction with an unrelated third party that are material to the investors understanding of the Notes; and

(c) there are no Proceedings pending, or known to be contemplated by Governmental Authorities, against the Owner Trustee, or of which the property of the Owner Trustee is subject, that are
material to the Noteholders.

Section 11.03. Information to Be Provided by the Owner Trustee.

(a) For so long as the Depositor is required to report under Regulation AB, the Owner Trustee shall, as promptly as practicable, notify the Depositor, in writing, of (i) the commencement of, a material
development in or, if applicable, the termination of, any and all Proceedings against the Owner Trustee or any and all Proceedings of which any property of the Owner Trustee is the subject, that is material to the Noteholders and (ii) any such
Proceedings known to be contemplated by Governmental Authorities. The Owner Trustee shall also notify the Depositor, in writing, as promptly as practicable following notice to or discovery by a Responsible Officer of the Owner Trustee of any
material changes to Proceedings described in the preceding sentence. In addition, the Owner Trustee will furnish to the Depositor, in writing, the necessary disclosure regarding the Owner Trustee describing such Proceedings required to be
disclosed under Item 1117 of Regulation AB, for inclusion in reports filed by or on behalf of the Depositor pursuant to the Exchange Act.

35

(b) For so long as the Depositor is required to report under Regulation AB, the Owner Trustee shall (i) on or before the fifth Business Day of each January, April, July and October, provide to the Depositor
such information regarding the Owner Trustee as is required for the purpose of compliance with Items 1109(a), 1109(b) and 1119 of Regulation AB; provided, however, the Owner Trustee shall not be required to provide such information in the event
that there has been no change to the information previously provided by it to the Depositor, and (ii) as promptly as practicable following notice to or discovery by a Responsible Officer of the Owner Trustee of any changes to such information,
provide to the Depositor, in writing, such updated information. Such information shall include, at a minimum:

(A) the Owner Trustees name and form of organization;

(B) a description of the extent to which the Owner Trustee has had prior experience serving as a trustee for asset-backed securities transactions involving auto finance receivables; and

(C) a description of any affiliation between the Owner Trustee and any of the following parties to a Securitization Transaction, as such parties are identified by name to the Owner Trustee
by the Depositor in writing in advance of such Securitization Transaction: (1) the sponsor, (2) any depositor, (3) the issuing entity, (4) any servicer or subservicer, (5) any other trustee, (6) any originator, (7) any significant obligor, (8)
any enhancement or support provider, (9) any asset representations reviewer and (10) any other material party related to any Securitization Transaction.

In addition, the Owner Trustee shall provide a description of whether there is, and if so the general character of, any business relationship, agreement, arrangement, transaction or understanding between it and any
above-listed party that is entered into outside the ordinary course of business or is on terms other than would be obtained in an arms-length transaction with an unrelated third party, apart from the Securitization Transactions, that currently
exists or that existed during the past two years and that is material to an investors understanding of the Notes.

36

ARTICLE TWELVE

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 12.01. Supplements and Amendments.

(a) This Agreement may be amended from time to time by the parties hereto, without the consent of any Securityholder, (i) to cure any ambiguity or mistake, to correct or supplement any provision herein that
may be inconsistent with any other provision herein or in the Prospectus, (ii) for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement and (iii) to add (as described in Section
3.04(e)) provisions necessary to prevent any application of the Treasury Regulations under Section 385 of the Code (including any subsequent or successor provision) that would result in the recharacterization of any of the Notes as equity;
provided, however, that no such amendment (A) may materially adversely affect the interests of any Noteholders and (B) will be permitted unless an Opinion of Counsel is delivered to the Owner Trustee to the effect that such amendment will not
cause (1) the Issuer to be classified as an association or a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes or (2) the Notes to be characterized other than as indebtedness for United States
federal income tax purposes.

(b) This Agreement may be amended from time to time by the Depositor and the Owner Trustee with prior written notice to the Rating Agencies and with the consent of the Holders of Notes evidencing not less
than 66% of the Note Balance or, if the Notes have been paid in full, the Majority Certificateholders, for the purpose of adding any provisions to, or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of, this Agreement or modifying in
any manner the rights of the Securityholders; provided, however, that no such amendment will be permitted unless an Opinion of Counsel is delivered to the Owner Trustee to the effect that such amendment will not cause (1) the Issuer to be
classified as an association or a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes or (2) the Notes to be characterized other than as indebtedness for United States federal income tax purposes;
and, provided further, that no such amendment may:

(i) increase or reduce in any manner the amount of, or accelerate or delay the timing of, or change the allocation or priority of, collections of payments on or in respect of the
Receivables or distributions that are required to be made for the benefit of the Securityholders without the consent of all Securityholders adversely affected by such amendment; or

(ii) reduce the percentage of the Note Balance or the percentage of the aggregate Certificate Percentage Interests the consent of the Noteholders or Certificateholders, as applicable, of
which is required for any amendment to this Agreement without the consent of all the Securityholders adversely affected by the amendment.

(c) An amendment to this Agreement shall be deemed not to materially adversely affect the interests of any Noteholders if (i) the Person requesting such amendment obtains and delivers to the Owner Trustee an
Opinion of Counsel or an Officers Certificate of the Issuer to that effect and (ii) with respect to the Notes, the Rating Agency Condition has been satisfied with respect to such amendment.

37

(d) It shall not be necessary for the consent of the Certificateholders, the Noteholders or the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Section to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment or consent,
but it shall be sufficient if such consent shall approve the substance thereof. The manner of obtaining such consents (and any other consents of Certificateholders provided for in this Agreement or in any other Basic Document) and of evidencing
the authorization of the execution thereof by Certificateholders shall be subject to such reasonable requirements as the Owner Trustee may prescribe. Promptly after the execution of any amendment to the Certificate of Trust, the Owner Trustee
shall file such amendment or cause such amendment to be filed with the Secretary of State.

(e) Promptly after the execution of any such amendment or consent, the Owner Trustee shall furnish written notification of the substance of such amendment or consent to each Certificateholder and the
Depositor shall furnish written notice of the substance of such amendment or consent to the Indenture Trustee and the Rating Agencies.

(f) In connection with the execution of any amendment to this Agreement or any amendment to any other agreement to which the Issuer is a party, the Owner Trustee shall be entitled to receive and shall be
fully protected in relying upon an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of such amendment is authorized or permitted by this Agreement (or such other agreement) and an Officers Certificate from the Depositor or the Administrator stating
that all conditions precedent in this Agreement (or such other agreement) to the execution and delivery of such amendment have been satisfied. The Owner Trustee may, but shall not be required to, execute any amendment which, as evidenced by an
Opinion of Counsel, adversely affects the Owner Trustees rights, duties and liabilities under this Agreement.

Section 12.02. Limitations on Rights of Others. The provisions of this Agreement are solely for the benefit of the Owner Trustee, the Depositor, the Certificateholders, the
Administrator and, to the extent expressly provided herein, the Indenture Trusteeand the Noteholders, and nothing in this Agreement or in the Certificates, whether express or implied, shall be construed to
give to any other Person any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim in the Trust Property or under or in respect of this Agreement or any covenants, conditions or provisions contained herein.

38

Section 12.03. Notices. Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, all notices, requests, demands, consents, waivers or other
communications to or from the parties to this Agreement will be in writing. Notices, requests, demands, consents and other communications will be deemed to have been given and made, (i) upon delivery or, in the case of a letter mailed via
registered first class mail, postage prepaid, three days after deposit in the mail and (ii) in the case of (a) a facsimile, when receipt is confirmed by telephone or by reply e-mail or reply facsimile from the recipient, (b) an e-mail, when
receipt is confirmed by telephone or by reply email from the recipient and (c) an electronic posting to a password-protected website, upon printed confirmation of the recipients access to such password-protected website, or when notification of
such electronic posting is confirmed in accordance with clauses (ii)(b) and (ii)(c) above. Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, any such notice, request, demand, consent or other communication will be delivered or addressed, in the case
of (i) the Owner Trustee, at the Corporate Trust Office (e-mail: acooper2@wilmingtontrust.com, telecopier: (302) 636-4140), (ii) the Depositor, at 35555 W. Twelve Mile Road, Suite 100, Farmington Hills, Michigan 48331 (e-mail:
michelle.d.spreitzer@mercedes-benz.com, telecopier: (817) 224-3587), (iii) the Indenture Trustee, at the Corporate Trust Office (e-mail: melissa.rosal@usbank.com, telecopier: (312) 332-7996), (iv) each Rating
Agency, as applicable, in the case of (a) Moodys, at Moodys Investors Services, Inc., 7 World Trade Center, 250 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10007 (e-mail: ABSSurveillance@moodys.com) and (b) Fitch, at Fitch Ratings, Inc., 33
Whitehall Street, New York, New York 10004, Attention: ABS Surveillance (email: surveillance-abs-auto@fitchratings.com) and (v) any of the foregoing Persons, at such other address as shall be designated by written notice to the other foregoing
Persons.

Section 12.04. Severability. If any one or more of the covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of this Agreement or the Certificates shall be for any reason whatsoever held
invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then such covenants, agreements, provisions or terms shall be deemed severable from the remaining covenants, agreements, provisions and terms of this Agreement and the Certificates and shall in no way affect or
impair the validity or enforceability of the other covenants, agreements, provisions and terms of this Agreement and the Certificates or the rights of the Certificateholders.

Section 12.05. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original,
but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

Section 12.06. Successors and Assigns. All covenants and agreements contained herein and in the Certificates shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the Depositor,
the Owner Trustee and the Certificateholders and their respective successors and permitted assigns, all as herein provided. Any request, notice, direction, consent, waiver or other instrument or action by a Certificateholder shall bind its
successors and assigns.

Section 12.07. No Petition. The Owner Trustee and the Depositor, by entering into this Agreement, each Certificateholder, by accepting a Certificate or a beneficial interest
therein, the Indenture Trustee and each Noteholder or beneficial owner of Notes, by accepting the benefits of this Agreement, hereby covenant and agree that they will not at any time institute against, or join any other Person in instituting
against, the Depositor or the Issuer any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation Proceedings or other Proceedings under any Insolvency Law in connection with any obligations relating to the Certificates, the Notes or
any Basic Document and agrees that it will not cooperate with or encourage others to file a bankruptcy petition against the Depositor or the Issuer during the same period.

Section 12.08. Table of Contents and Headings. The Table of Contents and the various headings in this Agreement are included for convenience only and will not affect the meaning
or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement.

39

Section 12.09. GOVERNINGLAW; SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION.

(a) THE VALIDITY AND CONSTRUCTION OF THIS TRUST AGREEMENT AND ALL AMENDMENTS HERETO SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, AND THE RIGHTS OF ALL PARTIES
HERETO AND THE EFFECT OF EVERY PROVISION HEREOF SHALL BE SUBJECT TO AND CONSTRUED ACCORDING TO THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT THE PARTIES HERETO AND THE
CERTIFICATEHOLDERS INTEND THAT THE PROVISIONS HEREOF SHALL CONTROL OVER ANY CONTRARY OR LIMITING STATUTORY OR COMMON LAW OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE (OTHER THAN THE DELAWARE STATUTORY TRUST ACT) AND THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, THERE SHALL NOT BE APPLICABLE TO THE ISSUER, THE DEPOSITOR, THE OWNER TRUSTEE, THE CERTIFICATEHOLDERS OR THIS AGREEMENT ANY PROVISION OF THE LAWS (STATUTORY OR COMMON) OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE (OTHER THAN THE DELAWARE STATUTORY
TRUST ACT) PERTAINING TO TRUSTS WHICH RELATE TO OR REGULATE IN A MANNER INCONSISTENT WITH THE TERMS HEREOF, INCLUDING: (A) THE FILING WITH ANY COURT OR GOVERNMENTAL BODY OR AGENCY OF TRUSTEE ACCOUNTS OR SCHEDULES OF TRUSTEE FEES AND CHARGES,
(B) AFFIRMATIVE REQUIREMENTS TO POST BONDS FOR TRUSTEES, OFFICERS, AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES OF A TRUST, (C) THE NECESSITY FOR OBTAINING COURT OR OTHER GOVERNMENTAL APPROVAL CONCERNING THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING OR DISPOSITION OF REAL OR PERSONAL
PROPERTY, (D) FEES OR OTHER SUMS PAYABLE TO TRUSTEES, OFFICERS, AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES OF A TRUST, (E) THE ALLOCATION OF RECEIPTS AND EXPENDITURES TO INCOME OR PRINCIPAL, (F) RESTRICTIONS OR LIMITATIONS ON THE PERMISSIBLE NATURE, AMOUNT OR
CONCENTRATION OF TRUST INVESTMENTS OR REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO THE TITLING, STORAGE OR OTHER MANNER OF HOLDING OF TRUST ASSETS, (G) THE EXISTENCE OF RIGHTS OR INTERESTS (BENEFICIAL OR OTHERWISE) IN TRUST ASSETS, (H) THE ABILITY OF BENEFICIAL
OWNERS OR OTHER PERSONS TO TERMINATE OR DISSOLVE A TRUST, OR (I) THE ESTABLISHMENT OF FIDUCIARY OR OTHER STANDARDS OR RESPONSIBILITIES OR LIMITATIONS ON THE ACTS OR POWERS OF TRUSTEES OR BENEFICIAL OWNERS THAT ARE INCONSISTENT WITH THE
LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY OR AUTHORITIES AND POWERS OF THE OWNER TRUSTEE OR THE CERTIFICATEHOLDERS SET FORTH OR REFERENCED IN THIS TRUST AGREEMENT. SECTIONS 3540, 3542 AND 3561 OF TITLE 12 OF THE DELAWARE CODE SHALL NOT APPLY TO THE ISSUER.

40

(b)THE PARTIES HERETO AND THE CERTIFICATEHOLDERS AGREE THAT ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING SEEKING TO ENFORCE ANY PROVISION OF, OR
BASED ON ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE BROUGHT IN THE COURT OF CHANCERY OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE OR IF SUCH COURT DOES NOT HAVE JURISDICTION OVER THE SUBJECT
MATTER OF SUCH PROCEEDING OR IF SUCH JURISDICTION IS NOT AVAILABLE, IN ANY OTHER COURT OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE OR IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE
EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THOSE COURTS (AND OF THE APPROPRIATE APPELLATE COURTS THEREFROM) IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER
HAVE TO THE LAYING OF THE VENUE OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY OF THOSE COURTS OR THAT ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING WHICH IS BROUGHT IN ANY OF THOSE COURTS HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO
UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT, TO THE EXTENT SUCH PARTY IS NOT OTHERWISE SUBJECT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE STATE OF DELAWARE, TO APPOINT AND MAINTAIN AN AGENT IN THE STATE OF DELAWARE AS SUCH PARTYS AGENT FOR ACCEPTANCE OF LEGAL PROCESS. 
PROCESS IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE SERVED ON ANY PARTY ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD, WHETHER WITHIN OR WITHOUT THE JURISDICTION OF ANY OF THE NAMED COURTS AND SUCH SERVICE SHALL, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HAVE
THE SAME LEGAL FORCE AND EFFECT AS IF SERVED UPON SUCH PARTY WITHIN THE STATE OF DELAWARE.

Section 12.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO HAVE A JURY
PARTICIPATE IN RESOLVING ANY DISPUTE, WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE BETWEEN THE PARTIES HERETO ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED WITH, RELATED TO OR INCIDENTAL TO THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN ANY OF THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT
OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. INSTEAD, ANY SUCH DISPUTE RESOLVED IN COURT WILL BE RESOLVED IN A BENCH TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY.

Section 12.11. Electronic Signatures. Any signature (including any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign,
authenticate or accept such contract or record) hereto or to any other certificate, agreement or document related to this Agreement, and any contract formation or record-keeping through electronic means shall have the same legal validity and
enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based recordkeeping system to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State
Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any similar State law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.

41

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amended and Restated Trust Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers, thereunto duly authorized, as of the day and year first above written.

MERCEDES-BENZ RETAIL RECEIVABLES LLC, as Depositor

By: 

/s/ Susan Sinclair

Name: Susan Sinclair

Title: Vice President

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Owner Trustee

By: 

/s/ Matthew Jorjorian

Name: 

Matthew Jorjorian

Title: 

Vice President

Agreed and Accepted: 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,

NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Certificate Registrar

By : 

/s/ Juan S. Hernandez 

Name : Juan S. Hernandez

Title: Vice President

Amended and Restated Trust Agreement

EXHIBIT A

[FORM OF CERTIFICATE]

THIS ASSET BACKED CERTIFICATE IS SUBORDINATED IN RIGHT OF PAYMENT TO THE NOTES TO THE EXTENT DESCRIBED IN THE TRUST AGREEMENT, THE SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT AND THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO HEREIN.

THIS ASSET BACKED CERTIFICATE DOES NOT REPRESENT AN INTEREST IN OR AN OBLIGATION OF MERCEDES-BENZ RETAIL RECEIVABLES LLC, MERCEDES-BENZ FINANCIAL SERVICES USA LLC OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES.

THIS ASSET BACKED CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE ACQUIRED BY OR WITH PLAN ASSETS OF AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN, AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA) THAT IS
SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, A PLAN, AS DEFINED IN SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE), THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS BY REASON
OF SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS OR PLANS INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY OR ANY EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL STATE OR LOCAL LAW THAT IMPOSES REQUIREMENTS SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE.

REGISTERED NO. R-1

MERCEDES-BENZ AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1

ASSET BACKED CERTIFICATE

evidencing an undivided beneficial interest in the property of Mercedes-Benz Auto Receivables Trust 2025-1, a Delaware statutory trust (the Issuer),
which property includes a pool of motor vehicle installment sales contracts and installment loans secured by new and pre-owned motor vehicles sold by Mercedes-Benz Financial Services USA LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (MBFS USA), to
Mercedes-Benz Retail Receivables LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Mercedes-Benz Receivables or the Depositor), and sold by the Depositor to the Issuer. The property of the Issuer has been pledged by the Issuer to U.S. Bank Trust
Company, National Association, a national banking association, as trustee (the Indenture Trustee), pursuant to an indenture, dated as of January 1, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the
Indenture), between the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, to secure the payment of the Notes issued thereunder.

A-1

This certifies that MERCEDES-BENZ RETAIL RECEIVABLES LLC is the registered owner of a 100% Certificate Percentage Interest nonassessable, fully paid, undivided beneficial interest in the Issuer. The Issuer is
governed by an amended and restated trust agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Trust Agreement), between the Depositor and Wilmington Trust, National
Association, as owner trustee (in such capacity, and not in its individual capacity, the Owner Trustee), a summary of certain of the pertinent provisions of which is set forth below. Capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined
shall have the meanings ascribed in Appendix A to the sale and servicing agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Sale and Servicing Agreement), among the Issuer,
the Depositor and MBFS USA, as seller (in such capacity, the Seller) and as servicer (in such capacity, the Servicer). Such Appendix A also contains rules of construction applicable hereto.

This Certificate is issued under and is subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of the Trust Agreement, to which Trust Agreement the registered holder of this Certificate (the Certificateholder) by virtue
of the acceptance hereof assents and by which such Certificateholder is bound. The property of the Issuer primarily includes: (i) a pool of motor vehicle installment sales contracts and installment loans originated in connection with the sale of
new or pre-owned motor vehicles (the Receivables), (ii) all amounts received on or in respect of the Receivables after the Cutoff Date, (iii) the security interests in the Financed Vehicles granted by the Obligors pursuant to the Receivables
and (iv) all proceeds of the foregoing.

THE RIGHTS OF THE ISSUER IN THE FOREGOING PROPERTY OF THE ISSUER HAVE BEEN PLEDGED TO THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE TO SECURE THE PAYMENT OF THE NOTES.

Pursuant to the Trust Agreement, there will be distributed on each Payment Date to the Person in whose name this Certificate is registered at the close of business on the Business Day preceding such Payment Date such
Certificateholders Certificate Percentage Interest in the amount to be distributed to Certificateholders on such Payment Date. Payment Date means the 15th day of each month or, if such 15th day is not a Business Day, the following Business
Day, commencing on February 18, 2025.

THE HOLDER OF THIS CERTIFICATE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ITS RIGHTS TO RECEIVE DISTRIBUTIONS IN RESPECT OF THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBORDINATED TO THE RIGHTS OF THE NOTEHOLDERS AS DESCRIBED IN THE TRUST AGREEMENT,
THE SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT AND THE INDENTURE.

It is the intent of the Depositor, the Seller, the Servicer and the Certificateholders that, for purposes of United States federal income taxes, State and local income taxes and any other taxes the Issuer will be
treated as a fixed investment trust or grantor trust or, if not so treated and there is only one beneficial owner of the equity of the Issuer, as an entity that is disregarded as separate from such owner. However, if the Issuer is not treated as
a fixed investment trust or as a grantor trust for such purposes, and if there are two or more beneficial owners of the equity of the Issuer, the Issuer shall be treated as a partnership (other than an association or publicly traded partnership)
for purposes of United States federal income, State and local income and franchise tax and any other income taxes. The Depositor and each Certificateholder, by acceptance of a Certificate or a beneficial interest therein, agree with the
foregoing characterization of the Certificates for such tax purposes and further agree to take no action inconsistent therewith.

A-2

Each Certificateholder, by its acceptance of a Certificate or a beneficial interest therein, covenants and agrees that it will not at any time institute against the Depositor or the Issuer, or join in any institution
against the Depositor or the Issuer of, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation Proceedings or other Proceedings under any Insolvency Law in connection with any obligations relating to the Notes, the Certificates or
any Basic Document and agrees that it will not cooperate with or encourage others to file a bankruptcy petition against the Depositor or the Issuer during the same period.

Distributions on this Certificate will be made as provided in the Trust Agreement by the Paying Agent by wire transfer or check mailed to the Certificateholder of record in the Certificate Register without the
presentation or surrender of this Certificate or the making of any notation hereon. Except as otherwise provided in the Trust Agreement and notwithstanding the above, the final distribution on this Certificate will be made after due notice by
the Owner Trustee of the pendency of such distribution and only upon presentation and surrender of this Certificate at the office or agency of the Owner Trustee maintained for that purpose in Wilmington, Delaware.

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if fully set forth on the face of this
Certificate.

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by an Authorized Officer of the Owner Trustee, by manual signature, this Certificate shall not entitle the Holder hereof to any benefit under the
Trust Agreement or the Sale and Servicing Agreement or be valid for any purpose.

THIS CERTIFICATE SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE
PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

A-3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Owner Trustee, on behalf of the Issuer and not in its individual capacity, has caused this Certificate to be duly executed as of the date set forth below.

Dated: January __, 2025 MERCEDES-BENZ AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1

By: WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

CERTIFICATE REGISTRARS CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Certificates referred to in the within-mentioned Trust Agreement.

Dated: January __, 2025 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Certificate Registrar

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-4

[REVERSE OF CERTIFICATE]

This Certificate does not represent an obligation of, or an interest in, the Depositor, the Seller, the Servicer, the Administrator, the Owner Trustee or any of their respective Affiliates, and no recourse may be had
against such parties or their assets, except as may be expressly set forth or contemplated herein, in the Trust Agreement or in the other Basic Documents. In addition, this Certificate is not guaranteed by any Governmental Authority and is
limited in right of payment to certain collections with respect to the Receivables (and certain other amounts), all as more specifically set forth herein and in the Indenture and the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

The Trust Agreement permits the Depositor and the Owner Trustee, on behalf of the Issuer, with certain exceptions therein provided, to amend from time to time certain terms and conditions set forth in the Trust
Agreement without the consent of the Certificateholders. The Trust Agreement also permits the Depositor and the Owner Trustee, on behalf of the Issuer, with certain exceptions as therein provided, to amend certain terms and conditions set forth
in the Trust Agreement with the consent of the Holders of Notes evidencing not less than 66% of the Note Balance or, if the Notes have been paid in full, the Majority Certificateholders. Any such consent by the Certificateholder shall be
conclusive and binding on such Certificateholder and on all future Certificateholders and of any Certificate issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent is made
upon this Certificate.

As provided in the Trust Agreement and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the Transfer of this Certificate may be registered in the Certificate Register upon surrender of this Certificate for
registration of Transfer at the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee and a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Certificate Registrar duly executed by the Certificateholder or such Certificateholders attorney
duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Certificates in any authorized denomination and in the same aggregate Certificate Percentage Interests will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. No service charge shall
be made for any registration of Transfer or exchange of Certificates, but the Owner Trustee or the Certificate Registrar may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge that may be imposed in connection therewith. 
The initial Certificate Registrar appointed under the Trust Agreement is the Indenture Trustee.

Each Certificateholder, by its acceptance of a Certificate, shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such Certificateholder is not (i) a Benefit Plan or other employee benefit plan or arrangement that
is any plan subject to Similar Law or (ii) a Person acting on behalf of a Benefit Plan or other employee benefit plan or arrangement that is any plan subject to Similar Law or a Person using the assets of a Benefit Plan or other employee benefit
plan or arrangement that is any plan subject to Similar Law to effect the transfer of such Certificate.

The Certificates are issuable only in registered form in denominations as provided in the Trust Agreement, subject to certain limitations therein set forth.

The Owner Trustee, the Certificate Registrar and any Paying Agent may treat the Person in whose name this Certificate is registered in the Certificate Register (as of the day of determination) as the owner of this
Certificate for the purpose of receiving distributions pursuant to the Trust Agreement and for all other purposes whatsoever, and none of the Owner Trustee, the Certificate Registrar or any Paying Agent shall be bound by any notice to the
contrary.

A-5

The Trust Agreement, with certain exceptions therein provided, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect and the Issuer shall dissolve upon the earlier of (i) the payment to the Servicer, the Trustees and
the Securityholders of all amounts required to be paid to them pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the Trust Agreement, (ii) the Payment Date next succeeding the month which is one year after the maturity
or other liquidation of the last Receivable and the disposition of any amounts received upon liquidation of any property remaining in the Issuer or (iii) upon the purchase of the Receivables by the Servicer in connection with an Optional Purchase
and retirement of the Securities.

A-6

ASSIGNMENT

SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER

OR OTHER IDENTIFICATION

NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE: 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto 

(name and address of assignee)

the within Certificate and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints ________________________, attorney, to transfer said Certificate on the Certificate Register, with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated: 

A-7

EXHIBIT B

CERTIFICATE OF TRUST OF

MERCEDES-BENZ AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1

This Certificate of Trust of Mercedes-Benz Auto Receivables Trust 2025-1 (the Trust), is being duly executed and filed on behalf of the Trust by the undersigned, as trustee, to form a statutory trust under the
Delaware Statutory Trust Act (12 Del. C. 3801 et seq.) (the Act).

1. Name. The name of the statutory trust formed by this Certificate of Trust is Mercedes-Benz Auto Receivables Trust 2025-1.

2. Delaware Trustee. The name and business address of the trustee of the Trust with a principal place of business in the State of Delaware are Wilmington Trust, National Association, Rodney Square
North, 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware, 19890, Attention: Corporate Trust Administration.

3. Effective Date. This Certificate of Trust shall be effective upon filing.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly executed this Certificate of Trust in accordance with Section 3811(a)(1) of the Act.

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee of the Trust

By: 

Name:

Title:

B-1

EXHIBIT C

FORM OF REPURCHASE REQUEST NOTICE

___________, 20__

Mercedes-Benz Financial Services USA LLC

35555 W. Twelve Mile Road, Suite 100

Farmington Hills, Michigan 48331-3552

Attention: Steven C. Poling

Re: 

Mercedes-Benz Auto Receivables Trust 2025-1

Noteholder Request to Repurchase Receivables

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is hereby made to (i) the Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the Indenture), between Mercedes-Benz Auto Receivables Trust 2025-1, as issuer (the Issuer), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, as indenture trustee (the Indenture Trustee), and (ii) the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement of the Issuer, dated as of January 1, 2025, between Mercedes-Benz Retail Receivables LLC, as depositor (the Depositor), and
Wilmington Trust, National Association, as owner trustee (in such capacity, the Owner Trustee). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Indenture.

[During the period from and including ____, 20__ to but excluding ____, 20__, the Owner Trustee received no requests from Noteholders requesting that Receivables be repurchased by the Seller pursuant to Section 2.05
of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or Section 3.04 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement.]

[During the period from and including ____, 20__ to but excluding ____, 20__, the Owner Trustee received one or more requests from Noteholders requesting that Receivables be repurchased by the Seller pursuant to
Section 2.05 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or Section 3.04 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement. The details of such requests are set forth below:]

Date of Request 

Number of Receivables

Subject to Request 

Aggregate Principal Balance 

of Receivables Subject to 

Request

C-1

It is expressly understood and agreed by the parties hereto that (i) this Notice is executed and delivered by the Owner Trustee, not individually or personally but solely as Owner Trustee, in the exercise of the
powers and authority conferred and vested in it, (ii) each of the representations, undertakings and agreements herein made on the part of the Issuer is made and intended not as personal representations, undertakings and agreements by the Owner
Trustee but is made and intended for the purpose of binding only the Issuer, (iii) nothing herein contained shall be construed as creating any liability on the Owner Trustee, individually or personally, to perform any covenant either expressed or
implied contained herein, all such liability, if any, being expressly waived by the parties hereto and by any Person claiming by, through or under the parties hereto, (iv) the Owner Trustee has not verified and has made no investigation as to the
accuracy or completeness of any representations or warranties made by the Issuer hereunder and (v) under no circumstances shall the Owner Trustee be personally liable for the payment of any indebtedness or expenses of the Issuer or be liable for
the breach or failure of any obligation, representation, warranty or covenant made or undertaken by the Issuer under this Notice or any other related documents.

Very truly yours,

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

C-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ef20042316_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

MERCEDES-BENZ AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1,

as Issuer,

MERCEDES-BENZ RETAIL RECEIVABLES LLC,

as Depositor,

and

MERCEDES-BENZ FINANCIAL SERVICES USA LLC,

as Seller and as Servicer

SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT

Dated as of January 1, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE ONE

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01. 

Capitalized Terms; Rules of Usage 

1

ARTICLE TWO

CONVEYANCE OF TRUST PROPERTY

Section 2.01. 

Conveyance of Trust Property. 

1

Section 2.02. 

Representations and Warranties of the Seller as to the Receivables 

3

Section 2.03. 

Representations and Warranties of the Depositor as to the Receivables 

3

Section 2.04. 

Representations and Warranties as to Security Interests 

4

Section 2.05. 

Repurchase of Receivables Upon Breach 

5

Section 2.06. 

Custody of Receivable Files. 

6

Section 2.07. 

Duties of Servicer as Custodian. 7

Section 2.08. 

Instructions; Authority to Act 8

Section 2.09. 

Indemnification by Custodian 

8

Section 2.10. 

Effective Period and Termination 

8

ARTICLE THREE

ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF THE TRUST PROPERTY

Section 3.01. 

Duties of Servicer 9

Section 3.02. 

Delegation of Duties; Subservicers. 

10

Section 3.03. 

Collection of Receivable Payments; Modification of Receivables 

11

Section 3.04. 

Realization Upon Receivables. 

11

Section 3.05. 

Maintenance of Physical Damage Insurance Policies 

12

Section 3.06. 

Maintenance of Security Interests in Financed Vehicles 

12

Section 3.07. 

Covenants of Servicer 

12

Section 3.08. 

Purchase of Receivables Upon Breach 

13

Section 3.09. 

Servicing Compensation; Payment of Certain Expenses by Servicer 

13

Section 3.10. 

Investor Report 

13

Section 3.11. 

Annual Statement as to Compliance; Notice of Servicer Termination Events. 

14

Section 3.12. 

Annual Accountants Report. 

14

Section 3.13. 

Access to Certain Documentation and Information Regarding Receivables 

15

Section 3.14. 

Reports to the Commission 

15

Section 3.15. 

Reports to Rating Agencies 

16

Section 3.16. 

Asset Representations Review 

16

Section 3.17. 

Dispute Resolution 

17

i

Page

ARTICLE FOUR

DISTRIBUTIONS; RESERVE FUND; STATEMENTS TO SECURITYHOLDERS

Section 4.01. 

Establishment of Accounts. 

20

Section 4.02. 

Reserve Fund. 

21

Section 4.03. 

Monthly Remittance Condition. 

22

Section 4.04. 

Collections 

22

Section 4.05. 

Application of Collections 

23

Section 4.06. 

Advances. 

23

Section 4.07. 

Additional Deposits. 

23

Section 4.08. 

Determination Date Calculations; Application of Available Funds. 

24

Section 4.09. 

Statements to Securityholders 

25

ARTICLE FIVE

THE DEPOSITOR

Section 5.01. 

Representations and Warranties of Depositor 

25

Section 5.02. 

Liability of Depositor; Indemnities. 

26

Section 5.03. 

Merger, Consolidation or Assumption of the Obligations of Depositor 

28

Section 5.04. 

Limitation on Liability of Depositor and Others 

28

Section 5.05. 

Depositor Not to Resign 

28

Section 5.06. 

Depositor May Own Securities 

28

Section 5.07. 

Covenants of Depositor 

29

ARTICLE SIX

THE SERVICER

Section 6.01. 

Representations and Warranties of Servicer 

29

Section 6.02. 

Liability of Servicer; Indemnities 

30

Section 6.03. 

Merger or Consolidation of, or Assumption of the Obligations of Servicer 

32

Section 6.04. 

Limitation on Liability of Servicer and Others. 

32

Section 6.05. 

MBFS USA Not to Resign as Servicer 

32

Section 6.06. 

Servicer May Own Securities 

33

ARTICLE SEVEN

SERVICER TERMINATION EVENTS

Section 7.01. 

Servicer Termination Events 

33

Section 7.02. 

Appointment of Successor Servicer 

35

Section 7.03. 

Effect of Servicing Transfer. 

36

Section 7.04. 

Notification to Noteholders and Rating Agencies 

36

Section 7.05. 

Waiver of Past Servicer Termination Events 

36

Section 7.06. 

Repayment of Advances 

36

ii

Page

ARTICLE EIGHT

TERMINATION

Section 8.01. 

Optional Purchase of All Receivables. 

37

Section 8.02. 

Termination 

37

ARTICLE NINE

EXCHANGE ACT REPORTING

Section 9.01. 

Further Assurances 

38

Section 9.02. 

Form 10-D Filings 

38

Section 9.03. 

Form 8-K Filings 

38

Section 9.04. 

Form 10-K Filings 

39

Section 9.05. 

Report on Assessment of Compliance and Attestation 

39

Section 9.06. 

Back-up Sarbanes-Oxley Certification. 

40

Section 9.07. 

Representations and Warranties 

40

Section 9.08. 

Indemnification. 

40

ARTICLE TEN

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 10.01. 

Amendment. 

41

Section 10.02. 

Protection of Title to Issuer. 

43

Section 10.03. 

Notices 

45

Section 10.04. 

Assignment. 

45

Section 10.05. 

Severability 

46

Section 10.06. 

Further Assurances 

46

Section 10.07. 

No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 

46

Section 10.08. 

Successors and Assigns; Third-Party Beneficiaries 

46

Section 10.09. 

Actions by Securityholders. 

46

Section 10.10. 

Counterparts 

47

Section 10.11. 

Table of Contents and Headings 

47

Section 10.12. 

GOVERNING LAW 

47

Section 10.13. 

WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 

47

Section 10.14. 

No Petition 

47

Section 10.15. 

No Recourse 

47

Section 10.16. 

Electronic Signatures 

48

Section 10.17. 

Servicer Payment Obligation 

48

iii

Page

SCHEDULES

Schedule A Item 1119 Parties 

SA-1

Schedule B Servicing and Disclosures Items 

SB-1

Schedule C Performance Certification (Servicer) 

SC-1

EXHIBITS

Exhibit A Representations and Warranties as to the Receivables 

A-1

Exhibit B Form of Investor Report 

B-1

APPENDICES

Appendix A Usage and Definitions 

AA-1

iv

This SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT, dated as of January 1, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this Agreement), is among MERCEDES-BENZ RETAIL RECEIVABLES LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (the Depositor), MERCEDES-BENZ FINANCIAL SERVICES USA LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (MBFS USA), as seller (in such capacity, the Seller) and as servicer (in such capacity, the Servicer), and MERCEDES-BENZ
AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1, a Delaware statutory trust, as issuer (the Issuer).

WHEREAS, the Issuer desires to purchase from the Depositor a pool of Receivables arising in connection with motor vehicle installment sales contracts and installment loans purchased or originated by the Seller in the
ordinary course of its business and sold to the Depositor;

WHEREAS, the Depositor is willing to sell the Receivables to the Issuer pursuant to the terms hereof; and

WHEREAS, the Servicer is willing to service the Receivables pursuant to the terms hereof.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE ONE

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01. Capitalized Terms; Rules of Usage. Capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in Appendix A. 
Appendix A also contains rules as to usage applicable to this Agreement.

ARTICLE TWO

CONVEYANCE OF TRUST PROPERTY

Section 2.01. Conveyance of Trust Property.

(a) In consideration of the Issuers delivery to or upon the order of the Depositor on the Closing Date of authenticated Notes, in authorized denominations in an aggregate
principal amount equal to the Initial Note Balance, and authenticated Certificates, the Depositor hereby irrevocably sells, transfers, assigns and otherwise conveys to the Issuer, without recourse (subject to the obligations of the Depositor set
forth herein), all right, title and interest of the Depositor, whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising, and wheresoever located, in, to and under the following:

(i) the Receivables and all amounts due and collected on or in respect of the Receivables (including proceeds of the repurchase of Receivables by the Seller
pursuant to Section 2.05 of this Agreement or Section 3.04 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement or the purchase of Receivables by the Servicer pursuant to Sections 3.03, 3.08 or 8.01 of this Agreement) after the Cutoff Date;

(ii) the security interests in the Financed Vehicles granted by the Obligors pursuant to the Receivables and any other interest of the Depositor in such Financed
Vehicles;

(iii) all proceeds from claims on any physical damage or theft insurance policies and extended warranties covering such Financed Vehicles and any proceeds of any
credit life or credit disability insurance policies relating to the Receivables, the related Financed Vehicles or the related Obligors;

(iv) the Receivable Files that relate to the Receivables;

(v) any proceeds of Dealer Recourse that relate to the Receivables;

(vi) the Collection Account, the Note Payment Account, the Reserve Fund and all amounts, securities, Financial Assets, investments and other property deposited in
or credited to any of the foregoing and all proceeds thereof;

(vii) all rights of the Depositor, but none of the obligations, under the Receivables Purchase Agreement and the First-Tier Assignment, including the right to
require the Seller to repurchase Receivables from the Issuer;

(viii) the right to realize upon any property (including the right to receive future Net Liquidation Proceeds and Recoveries) that shall have secured a Receivable
and have been repossessed by or on behalf of the Issuer; and

(ix) all present and future claims, demands, causes of action and choses in action in respect of any or all of the foregoing, and all payments on or under and all
proceeds of every kind and nature whatsoever in respect of any or all of the foregoing, including all proceeds of the conversion thereof, voluntary or involuntary, into cash or other liquid property, all accounts, accounts receivable, general
intangibles, chattel paper, documents, money, investment property, deposit accounts, letters of credit, letter of credit rights, insurance proceeds, condemnation awards, notes, drafts, acceptances, rights to payment of any and every kind and other
forms of obligations and receivables, instruments and other property which at any time constitutes all or part of, or is included in, the proceeds of any of the foregoing.

(b) The Depositor and the Issuer intend that the transfer of Trust Property contemplated by Section 2.01(a) constitute a sale of the Trust Property from the Depositor to the
Issuer, conveying good title to the Trust Property free and clear of any Liens and, in the event of the filing of a bankruptcy petition by or against the Depositor under any Insolvency Law, that the Trust Property shall not be part of the
Depositors estate. In the event, however, that any such transfer is deemed to be a pledge, the Depositor hereby grants to the Issuer a first priority security interest in all of the Depositors right, title and interest in, to and under such
Trust Property, and all proceeds thereof, to secure the payment of the Notes and accrued interest thereon and all other amounts owing under the Basic Documents and in such event, this Agreement shall constitute a security agreement under Applicable
Law.

2

(c) The sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance of Trust Property made under this Section shall not constitute, and is not intended to result in, an assumption by the Issuer
of any obligation of the Depositor or the Seller to the Obligors or any other Person in connection with the Receivables and the other Trust Property or any obligation of the Depositor or the Seller under any agreement, document or instrument
related thereto.

Section 2.02. Representations and Warranties of the Seller as to the Receivables. The Seller has made, in the Receivables Purchase Agreement, each of the
representations and warranties as to the Receivables set forth in Exhibit A. The Issuer shall be deemed to have relied on such representations and warranties in accepting the Receivables. Such representations and warranties speak as of the date of
execution and delivery of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, except to the extent otherwise provided, but shall survive the sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance of the Receivables to the Issuer pursuant to this Agreement and the pledge
of the Receivables to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture. Pursuant to Section 2.01(a), the Depositor has sold, transferred, assigned and otherwise conveyed to the Issuer, as part of the Trust Property, its rights under the Receivables
Purchase Agreement, including its right to require the Seller to repurchase Receivables in accordance with the Receivables Purchase Agreement upon a breach of such representations and warranties.

The Seller hereby agrees that the Issuer shall have the right to enforce any and all rights of the Depositor under the Receivables Purchase Agreement assigned to the Issuer under this Agreement, including the right to
require the Seller to repurchase Receivables in accordance with the Receivables Purchase Agreement upon certain breaches of the representations and warranties set forth in Exhibit A, directly against the Seller as though the Issuer were a party to
the Receivables Purchase Agreement and that the Issuer shall not be obligated to enforce any such right indirectly through the Depositor.

Section 2.03. Representations and Warranties of the Depositor as to the Receivables. The Depositor makes the following representations and warranties as to the
Receivables on which the Issuer shall be deemed to have relied in accepting the Receivables. The representations and warranties speak as of the date of execution and delivery of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, except to the extent
otherwise provided, but shall survive the sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance of the Receivables to the Issuer pursuant to this Agreement and the pledge of the Receivables to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture.

(a) Title. The Depositor has purchased the Receivables from the Seller. The Depositor intends that the transfer of the Receivables contemplated by Section 2.01 constitute a sale of the
Receivables from the Depositor to the Issuer and that the beneficial interest in, and title to, the Receivables not be part of the Depositors estate in the event of the filing of a bankruptcy petition by or against the Depositor under any Insolvency
Law.

3

(b) Security Interest Matters. The Depositor has caused or will cause prior to the Closing Date the filing of all appropriate financing statements in the proper filing offices in the
appropriate jurisdictions under Applicable Law necessary to perfect the security interest in the Receivables granted to the Issuer under this Agreement. The security interest of the Seller in each Financed Vehicle has been validly assigned by the
Depositor to the Issuer.

(c) Financing Statements. All financing statements filed or to be filed against the Depositor in favor of the Indenture Trustee (as assignee of the Issuer) contain a statement
substantially to the following effect: A purchase of or security interest in any collateral described in this financing statement will violate the rights of the Indenture Trustee.

(d) No Transfer Restrictions. The Depositor has not created, incurred or suffered to exist any restriction on transferability of the Receivables except for the restrictions on
transferability imposed by this Agreement. The transfer of the Receivables and the Receivable Files by the Depositor to the Issuer pursuant to this Agreement is not subject to the bulk transfer laws or any similar statutory provisions in effect in
any applicable jurisdiction.

Section 2.04. Representations and Warranties as to Security Interests. The Depositor makes the following representations and warranties as to the Receivables on which
the Issuer shall be deemed to have relied in accepting the Receivables. The representations and warranties speak as of the date of execution and delivery of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, except to the extent otherwise provided, but
shall survive the sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance of the Receivables to the Issuer pursuant to this Agreement and the pledge of the Receivables to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture.

(a) This Agreement creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined in the applicable UCC) in the Receivables in favor of the Issuer, which security interest is prior to all other
Liens, and is enforceable as such against creditors of and purchasers from the Depositor.

(b) The Depositor has taken all steps necessary to perfect its security interest against the Obligor in the Financed Vehicles.

(c) The Receivables constitute tangible chattel paper or electronic chattel paper (or, if such terms are not separately defined in the applicable UCC, chattel paper) within the meaning of the
applicable UCC.

(d) The Depositor owns and has good and marketable title to the Receivables free and clear of any Lien, claim or encumbrance of any Person.

(e) All original executed copies of each loan agreement or installment sales contract that constitute or evidence Receivables that are tangible chattel paper have been delivered to the Servicer,
as custodian for the Issuer.

(f) The Depositor has not communicated an authoritative copy of any Receivable that constitutes electronic chattel paper to any Person other than the Servicer, as custodian for the Issuer.

4

(g) The Depositor has received a written acknowledgment from the Servicer that the Servicer is holding the loan agreements and installment sales contracts that constitute or evidence the
Receivables solely on behalf and for the benefit of the Issuer.

(h) Other than the security interest granted to the Issuer pursuant to this Agreement and the Indenture, the Depositor has not pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security interest in, or otherwise
conveyed any of the Receivables. The Depositor has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing statements against the Issuer that include a description of collateral covering the Receivables other than any financing statement
relating to the security interest granted to the Issuer hereunder or that has been terminated. The Depositor is not aware of any judgment or tax lien filings against the Depositor.

(i) None of the loan agreements or installment sales contracts that constitute or evidence the Receivables has any marks or notations indicating that it has been pledged, assigned, or otherwise
conveyed to any Person other than the Issuer.

Section 2.05. Repurchase of Receivables Upon Breach.

(a) Investigation of Breach. If an Authorized Officer of the Seller (i) has knowledge of a breach of a representation or warranty made in Exhibit A of this Agreement,
(ii) receives notice from the Issuer or either Trustee of a breach of any such representation or warranty, (iii) receives a Repurchase Request from a Note Owner, a Noteholder or either Trustee for a Receivable or (iv) receives a Review Report that
indicates a Test Fail for a Receivable, the Seller will investigate the related Receivable to confirm the breach and determine if the breach has a material adverse effect on the interests of the Issuer or Noteholders in such Receivable. None of
the Servicer, the Issuer, either Trustee, the Administrator or the Asset Representations Reviewer will have an obligation to investigate whether a breach of any representation or warranty has occurred or whether any Receivable is required to be
repurchased under this Section.

(b) Repurchase of Receivables; Payment of Purchase Price. If a breach of a representation or warranty made in Exhibit A of this Agreement has a material adverse effect
on the interests of the Issuer or Noteholders in a Receivable, and if such breach shall not have been cured by the close of business on the last day of the Collection Period which includes the 30th day after the date on which the Seller becomes
aware of, or receives written notice from the Depositor, the Servicer, either Trustee, a Note Owner or a Noteholder of, such breach, the Seller shall repurchase such Receivable from the Issuer as of the close of business on the last day of such
Collection Period by paying the Purchase Amount to the Issuer on the Deposit Date related to such Collection Period.

(c) Sale and Assignment of Repurchased Receivable. When the Purchase Amount is included in Available Collections for a Payment Date, the Issuer will, without further
action, be deemed to have sold and assigned to the Seller, effective as of the last day of the Collection Period before the related Collection Period, all of the Issuers right, title and interest in the related Receivable repurchased by the Seller
under this Section and all security and documents relating to such Receivable. The sale will not require any action by the Issuer and will be without recourse, representation or warranty by the Issuer except the representation that the Issuer owns
such Receivable free and clear of any Lien, other than Permitted Liens. In connection with the sale, the Servicer may take any action necessary or advisable to evidence the sale of such Receivable, free from any Lien of the Issuer or the Indenture
Trustee.

5

(d) Repurchase Sole Remedy. Subject to the provisions of Section 3.17, the sole remedy of the Issuer, the Trustees, the Note Owners and the Noteholders with respect to
a breach of a representation or warranty set forth in Exhibit A shall be to require the Seller to repurchase the related Receivable pursuant to this Section and Section 3.04 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement. Neither Trustee shall have any
duty to conduct an affirmative investigation as to the occurrence of any condition requiring the repurchase of any Receivable pursuant to this Section or the eligibility of any Receivable for purposes of this Agreement.

Section 2.06. Custody of Receivable Files.

(a) To assure uniform quality in servicing the Receivables and to reduce administrative costs, the Issuer hereby revocably appoints the Servicer as its agent, and the Servicer
hereby accepts such appointment, to act as custodian, on behalf of the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, of the following documents or instruments which are hereby constructively delivered to the Indenture Trustee, as pledgee of the Trust Property
pursuant to the Indenture with respect to each Receivable (collectively, a Receivable File):

(i) the fully executed original of the Receivable or an authoritative copy of the Receivable, if in electronic form;

(ii) the original certificate of title for the related Financed Vehicle (or evidence that such certificate of title has been applied for) or such other documents
that the Seller or the Servicer shall keep on file, in accordance with its customary practices and procedures, evidencing the security interest of the Seller in such Financed Vehicle;

(iii) documents evidencing the commitment of the related Obligor to maintain physical damage insurance covering the related Financed Vehicle; and

(iv) any and all other documents (including any computer file or disc or microfiche) that the Seller or the Servicer shall keep on file, in accordance with its
customary practices and procedures, relating to the Receivable, the related Obligor or the related Financed Vehicle.

(b) On the Closing Date, the Servicer shall deliver an Officers Certificate to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee confirming that the Servicer has received, on behalf of the
Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, all the documents and instruments necessary for the Servicer to act as the agent of the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee for the purposes set forth in this Section, including the documents referred to herein, and
the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee are hereby authorized to rely on such Officers Certificate.

6

Section 2.07. Duties of Servicer as Custodian.

(a) Safekeeping. The Servicer, in its capacity as custodian, shall hold the Receivable Files for the benefit of the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee and maintain such
accurate and complete accounts, records and computer systems pertaining to each Receivable File as shall enable the Servicer and the Issuer to comply with this Agreement and the Indenture Trustee to comply with the Indenture. In performing its
duties as custodian, the Servicer shall act with reasonable care, using that degree of skill and attention that it exercises with respect to the files of comparable motor vehicle installment sales contracts and installment loans that the Servicer
services for itself or others. The Servicer shall conduct, or cause to be conducted, in accordance with its customary practices and procedures, periodic examinations of the files of all receivables owned or serviced by it, which shall include the
Receivable Files held by it under this Agreement, and of the related accounts, records and computer systems, in such a manner as shall enable the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee to verify the accuracy of the Servicers record keeping as it relates
to the Receivables. The Servicer shall promptly report to the Trustees any failure on its part to hold the Receivable Files and to maintain its accounts, records and computer systems as herein provided and promptly take appropriate action to
remedy any such failure. Nothing herein shall be deemed to require an initial review or any periodic review of the Receivable Files by the Issuer or the Trustees, and neither the Issuer nor the Trustees shall be liable or responsible for any
action or failure to act by the Servicer in its capacity as custodian hereunder.

(b) Maintenance of and Access to Records. The Servicer shall maintain each Receivable File in one or more secure locations in the United States. Except as stated
above, any document in a Receivable File may be held in an electronic format, provided that, in the case of any Receivable constituting electronic chattel paper, the authoritative copy (as such term is used in Section 9-105 of the UCC) of such
Receivable shall be maintained by the Servicer in an electronic format such that the Servicer maintains control (as such term is used in Section 9-105 of the UCC) over such authoritative copy. The Servicer may temporarily move individual
Receivable Files or any portion thereof without notice as necessary to conduct collection and other servicing activities in accordance with its customary practices and procedures. The Servicer shall make available to the Issuer and the Indenture
Trustee or its duly authorized representatives, attorneys or auditors a list of locations of the Receivables, the Receivable Files and the related accounts, records and computer systems maintained by the Servicer at such times during normal
business hours as the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee shall reasonably request.

(c) Release of Documents. As soon as practicable after receiving written instructions from the Indenture Trustee, the Servicer shall release any document in the
Receivable Files to the Indenture Trustee or its agent or designee, as the case may be, at such place or places as the Indenture Trustee may reasonably designate. The Servicer shall not be responsible for any loss occasioned by the failure of the
Indenture Trustee to return any document or any delay in so doing.

(d) Title to Receivables. The Servicer shall not at any time have, or in any way attempt to assert, any interest in any Receivable held by it as custodian hereunder or
in the related Receivable File, other than for collecting or enforcing such Receivable for the benefit of the Issuer. The entire equitable interest in such Receivable and the related Receivable File shall at all times be vested in the Issuer.

7

Section 2.08. Instructions; Authority to Act. The Servicer shall be deemed to have received proper instructions with respect to the Receivable Files upon its receipt
of written instructions signed by a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee. A certified copy of excerpts of authorizing resolutions of the board of directors of the Indenture Trustee shall constitute conclusive evidence of the authority of any
such Responsible Officer to act and shall be considered in full force and effect until receipt by the Servicer of written notice to the contrary given by the Indenture Trustee.

Section 2.09. Indemnification by Custodian. The Servicer, in its capacity as custodian of the Receivable Files, shall indemnify and hold harmless the Issuer, the
Trustees and each of their respective officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any and all Expenses that may be imposed on, incurred or asserted against the Issuer, the Trustees and each of their respective officers, directors,
employees and agents as the result of any improper act or omission in any way relating to the maintenance and custody of the Receivable Files by the Servicer, as custodian, including any Expenses incurred by the relevant party in connection with the
enforcement of the Servicers indemnification or other obligations hereunder; provided, however, that the Servicer shall not be liable for any portion of any such Expenses resulting from the willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence of the
relevant Trustee.

Section 2.10. Effective Period and Termination. The Servicers appointment as custodian shall become effective as of the Cutoff Date and shall continue in full force
and effect until terminated pursuant to this Section. If the Servicer shall resign as Servicer under Section 6.05, or if all of the rights and obligations of the Servicer shall have been terminated under Section 7.01, the appointment of the Servicer
as custodian hereunder may be terminated by (i) the Issuer, with the consent of the Indenture Trustee, (ii) Holders of Notes evidencing not less than 25% of the Note Balance of the Notes or, if the Notes have been paid in full, by Certificateholders
evidencing not less than 25% of the aggregate Certificate Percentage Interests then outstanding or (iii) the Indenture Trustee, with the consent of Holders of Notes evidencing not less than 25% of the Note Balance of the Notes, in each case by notice
then given in writing to the Depositor and the Servicer (with a copy to the Trustees if given by the Noteholders or the Certificateholders). As soon as practicable after any termination of such appointment, the Servicer shall deliver, or cause to be
delivered, the Receivable Files and the related accounts and records maintained by the Servicer to the Indenture Trustee, the Indenture Trustees agent or the Indenture Trustees designee, as the case may be, at such place as the Indenture Trustee
may reasonably designate or, if the Notes have been paid in full, at such place as the Owner Trustee may reasonably designate.

8

ARTICLE THREE

ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF THE TRUST PROPERTY

Section 3.01. Duties of Servicer. The Servicer, acting alone or through one or more subservicers to the extent permitted hereunder, for the benefit of the Issuer, shall
manage, service, administer and make collections on the Receivables with reasonable care but in no event less than the care that the Servicer exercises with respect to all comparable motor vehicle installment sales contracts and installment loans
that it services for itself or others. The Servicers duties shall include collection and posting of all payments, responding to inquiries of Obligors or by Governmental Authorities with respect to the Receivables, investigating delinquencies,
sending payment coupons and statements to Obligors, reporting tax information to Obligors in accordance with its customary practices, policing the collateral, accounting for collections and furnishing monthly and annual statements to the Indenture
Trustee with respect to distributions, providing collection and repossession services in the event of an Obligor default, generating United States federal income tax information and performing the other duties specified herein. The Servicer shall
have full power and authority to do any and all things in connection with such managing, servicing, administration and collection that it may deem necessary or desirable, it being understood, however, that the Servicer shall at all times remain
responsible to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee for the performance of its duties and obligations hereunder. Subject to the foregoing and to Section 3.02, the Servicer shall follow its customary standards, policies, practices and procedures in
performing its duties hereunder as Servicer. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Servicer shall be authorized and empowered to execute and deliver, on behalf of itself, the Depositor, the Issuer, the Trustees, the Securityholders
or any of them, any and all instruments of satisfaction or cancellation, or of partial or full release or discharge and all other comparable instruments, with respect to the Receivables and the Financed Vehicles.

The Servicer is hereby authorized to commence, in its own name or in the name of the Issuer, a Proceeding to enforce a Receivable pursuant to Section 3.04 or to commence or participate
in a Proceeding (including a bankruptcy Proceeding) relating to or involving a Receivable, including a Defaulted Receivable. If the Servicer commences or participates in such a Proceeding in its own name,
the Issuer shall thereupon be deemed to have automatically assigned, solely for the purpose of collection on behalf of the party retaining an interest in such Receivable, such Receivable and the other property conveyed to the Issuer pursuant to
Section 2.01 with respect to such Receivable to the Servicer for purposes of commencing or participating in any such Proceeding as a party or claimant, and the Servicer is authorized and empowered by the Issuer to execute and deliver in the
Servicers name any notices, demands, claims, complaints, responses, affidavits or other documents or instruments in connection with any such Proceeding. If in any enforcement suit or Proceeding it shall be held that the Servicer may not enforce a
Receivable on the grounds that it shall not be a real party in interest or a holder entitled to enforce such Receivable, the Owner Trustee shall, at the Servicers expense and written direction, take steps to enforce such Receivable, including
bringing suit in the Servicers or the Issuers name or the name of the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the Noteholders, the Certificateholders or any of them.

The Owner Trustee, on behalf of the Issuer, shall furnish the Servicer with any powers of attorney and other documents and take any other steps which the Servicer may deem necessary or appropriate to
enable the Servicer to carry out its servicing and administrative duties hereunder. The Servicer, at its expense, shall obtain on behalf of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee all licenses, if any, required by the laws of any jurisdiction to be held by
the Issuer or the Owner Trustee in connection with ownership of the Receivables and shall make all filings and pay all fees as may be required in connection therewith during the term of this Agreement. The Servicer shall, or shall cause the
Administrator to, prepare, execute and deliver all certificates or other documents required to be delivered by the Issuer pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

9

Section 3.02. Delegation of Duties; Subservicers.

(a) So long as MBFS USA, or the Indenture Trustee, as Successor Servicer, is the Servicer, the Servicer may without notice or consent delegate (i) any or all of its duties
under this Agreement to any Affiliate of MBFS USA (or in the case of the Indenture Trustee as Successor Servicer, any Affiliate of the Indenture Trustee) or (ii) specific duties to sub-contractors who are in the business of performing such duties.

(b) The Servicer may enter into subservicing or sub-contracting agreements in accordance with Section 3.02(a) with one or more subservicers for the servicing and administration
of any or all of the Receivables. References in this Agreement or any subservicing or sub-contracting agreement to actions taken, or to be taken, permitted to be taken or restrictions on actions permitted to be taken, by the Servicer in servicing
the Receivables shall include actions taken, or to be taken, permitted to be taken or restrictions on actions permitted to be taken, by a subservicer on behalf of the Servicer. Each subservicing or sub-contracting agreement will be upon such terms
and conditions as are not inconsistent with this Agreement and the standard of care set forth herein and as the Servicer and the related subservicer have agreed. All compensation payable to a subservicer under a subservicing or sub-contracting
agreement shall be payable by the Servicer from its servicing compensation or otherwise from its own funds.

(c) Notwithstanding any subservicing or sub-contracting agreement or any of the provisions of this Agreement relating to agreements or any arrangements between the Servicer or
a subservicer or any reference to actions taken through such entities or otherwise, the Servicer shall remain obligated and liable for the servicing and administering of the Receivables in accordance with this Agreement without diminution of such
obligation or liability by virtue of such subservicing or sub-contracting agreements.

(d) Any subservicing or sub-contracting agreement that may be entered into and any other transactions or servicing arrangements relating to or involving a subservicer shall be
deemed to be between the subservicer and the Servicer alone, and the other parties hereto and the Administrator shall not be deemed parties thereto and shall have no obligations, duties or liabilities with respect to the subservicer.

10

Section 3.03. Collection of Receivable Payments; Modification of Receivables. The Servicer shall make reasonable efforts to collect all payments called for under the
terms and provisions of the Receivables as and when the same shall become due and otherwise act with respect to the Receivables and the other Trust Property in such manner as will, in the reasonable judgment of the Servicer, maximize the amount to be
received by the Issuer with respect thereto and in accordance with the standard of care required by Section 3.01. The Servicer shall allocate collections on or in respect of the Receivables between principal and interest in accordance with the
Simple Interest Method and the customary servicing practices and procedures it follows with respect to all comparable motor vehicle installment sales contracts and installment loans that it services for itself or others. Other than as may be
required by Applicable Law, the Servicer shall not increase or decrease the number of Monthly Payments or amount of any Monthly Payment (except in response to a prepayment by the related Obligor), the Amount Financed under, or the APR of, any
Receivable, or extend, rewrite or otherwise modify the payment terms of any Receivable; provided, however, that the Servicer may extend the due dates for one or more payments due on any Receivable for credit-related reasons that would be acceptable
to the Servicer with respect to comparable motor vehicle installment sales contracts and installment loans that it services for itself or others and in accordance with its customary standards, policies, practices and procedures if the cumulative
extensions with respect to any Receivable shall not cause the term of such Receivable to extend beyond the last day of the Collection Period immediately preceding the Class A4 Final Scheduled Payment Date. If the Servicer fails to comply with the
provisions of the preceding sentence, the Servicer shall be required to purchase each Receivable affected thereby for the related Purchase Amount as of the close of business on the last day of the Collection Period that includes the 30th day after the Servicer becomes aware of such failure, by making such deposit in the manner specified in Section 3.08 on the Deposit Date immediately following such
Collection Period. The Servicer may, in its discretion (but only in accordance with its customary standards, policies, practices and procedures), waive any late payment charge or any other fee that may be collected in the ordinary course of
servicing a Receivable. In addition, in the event that any such extension of a Receivable modifies the terms of such Receivable in such a manner as to constitute a cancellation of such Receivable and the creation of a new motor vehicle receivable
that results in a deemed exchange thereof within the meaning of Section 1001 of the Code, the Servicer shall purchase such Receivable pursuant to Section 3.08, and the Receivable created shall not be included in the Trust Property.

Section 3.04. Realization Upon Receivables.

(a) The Servicer shall use commercially reasonable efforts on behalf of the Issuer, in accordance with the standard of care required under Section 3.01, to repossess or
otherwise convert the ownership of each Financed Vehicle securing a Defaulted Receivable. In taking such action, the Servicer shall follow such customary and usual practices and procedures as it shall deem necessary or advisable in its servicing
of comparable motor vehicle installment sales contracts and installment loans, and as are otherwise consistent with the standard of care required under Section 3.01. The Servicer shall be entitled to recover all reasonable expenses incurred by it
with respect to realizing on a Defaulted Receivable, including such expenses incurred in the course of repossessing and liquidating a Financed Vehicle into cash proceeds. The foregoing is subject to the proviso that, in any case in which the
Financed Vehicle shall have suffered damage, the Servicer shall not expend funds in connection with any repair or towards the repossession of such Financed Vehicle unless it shall determine in its discretion that such repair or repossession shall
increase the Net Liquidation Proceeds or Recoveries of the related Receivable.

(b) If the Servicer elects to commence a Proceeding to enforce a Dealer Agreement, the act of commencement shall be deemed to be an automatic assignment from the Issuer to the
Servicer of the rights of recourse under such Dealer Agreement. If, however, in any Proceeding, it is held that the Servicer may not enforce a Dealer Agreement on the grounds that it is not a real party in interest or a Person entitled to enforce
the Dealer Agreement, the Owner Trustee, at the Servicers expense and direction, shall take such steps as the Servicer deems necessary to enforce the Dealer Agreement, including bringing suit in its name or the names of the Indenture Trustee, the
Securityholders or any of them.

11

Section 3.05. Maintenance of Physical Damage Insurance Policies. The Servicer shall follow its customary standards, policies, practices and procedures to determine
whether or not each Obligor shall have maintained physical damage insurance covering the related Financed Vehicle. Each Receivable shall provide that the failure by the Obligor to obtain and maintain the required insurance is a default thereunder. 
The Servicer shall not obtain force-placed insurance in respect of the Receivables.

Section 3.06. Maintenance of Security Interests in Financed Vehicles. The Servicer shall take such steps, in accordance with the standard of care required under Section
3.01, as are necessary to maintain perfection of the security interest created by each Receivable in the related Financed Vehicle. The Issuer hereby authorizes the Servicer, and the Servicer hereby agrees, to take such steps as are necessary to
re-perfect such security interest on behalf of the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee in the event the Servicer receives notice of, or otherwise has actual knowledge of, the fact that such security interest is not perfected as a result of the
relocation of a Financed Vehicle or for any other reason. In the event that the assignment of a Receivable to the Issuer is insufficient, without a notation on the related Financed Vehicles certificate of title, to grant to the Issuer a first
priority perfected security interest in the related Financed Vehicle, the Servicer hereby agrees to serve as the agent of the Issuer for the purpose of perfecting the security interest of the Issuer in such Financed Vehicle and agrees that the
Servicers listing as the secured party on the certificate of title is solely in its capacity as agent of the Issuer. The Servicer shall not release, in whole or in part, any security interest in a Financed Vehicle created by the related Receivable
except as permitted herein or in accordance with its customary standards, policies, practices and procedures.

Section 3.07. Covenants of Servicer. The Servicer makes the following covenants:

(a) Liens in Force. Except upon the payment in full of a Receivable or as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement or Applicable Law, the Servicer shall
not release in whole or in part any Financed Vehicle from the security interest securing the related Receivable.

(b) No Impairment. The Servicer shall not impair in any material respect the rights of the Depositor, the Issuer, the Trustees or the Securityholders in
the Receivables or, except as permitted under Section 3.03, otherwise amend or alter the terms of the Receivables if as a result of such amendment or modification or alteration, the interests of the Depositor, the Issuer, the Trustees or the
Securityholders would be materially adversely affected.

(c) Schedule of Receivables to Indenture Trustee. The Servicer shall on or before the Closing Date (and, at any time thereafter, upon the request of the
Indenture Trustee) deliver to the Indenture Trustee a copy of the Schedule of Receivables, which may be delivered in electronic format.

12

Section 3.08. Purchase of Receivables Upon Breach. The Depositor, the Seller, the Servicer or the Owner Trustee, as the case may be, shall inform the other parties to
this Agreement and a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee promptly, in writing, upon the discovery of any breach of Section 3.03, 3.06 or 3.07. If such breach shall not have been cured by the close of business on the last day of the
Collection Period which includes the 30th day after the date on which the Servicer becomes aware of, or receives written notice from the Depositor, the Seller or the
Owner Trustee of, such breach, and such breach materially and adversely affects the interest of the Issuer in a Receivable, the Servicer shall purchase such Receivable from the Issuer, as of the close of business on the last day of the related
Collection Period, by remitting the Purchase Amount of such Receivable to the Collection Account in the manner specified in Section 4.07 on the related Deposit Date. When the Purchase Amount is included in Available Collections for a Payment Date,
the Issuer will, without further action, be deemed to have sold and assigned to the Servicer, effective as of the last day of the Collection Period before the related Collection Period, all of the Issuers right, title and interest in the Receivable
purchased by the Servicer under this Section and all security and documents relating to such Receivable. The sale will not require any action by the Issuer and will be without recourse, representation or warranty by the Issuer except the
representation that the Issuer owns such Receivable free and clear of any Lien, other than Permitted Liens. On the sale, the Servicer may take any action necessary or advisable to evidence the sale of such Receivable, free from any Lien of the
Issuer or the Indenture Trustee. The sole remedy of the Issuer, the Trustees and the Securityholders with respect to a breach of Section 3.03, 3.06 or 3.07 shall be to require the Servicer to purchase Receivables pursuant to this Section. Neither
Trustee shall have any duty to conduct an affirmative investigation as to the occurrence of any condition requiring the purchase of any Receivable pursuant to this Section.

Section 3.09. Servicing Compensation; Payment of Certain Expenses by Servicer. The Servicer shall receive the Monthly Servicing Fee for servicing the Receivables. As
additional servicing compensation, the Servicer shall be entitled to receive or retain the Supplemental Servicing Fee. The Servicer shall pay all expenses incurred by it in connection with the activities under this Agreement (including the
Independent accountants and any subservicer, taxes imposed on the Servicer, expenses incurred in connection with distributions and reports to Securityholders and all other fees and expenses not expressly stated under this Agreement to be for the
account of the Securityholders), except expenses incurred in realizing upon Receivables under Section 3.04.

Section 3.10. Investor Report.

(a) On or before each Determination Date, the Servicer shall deliver to the Depositor, the Seller and the Trustees, an Investor Report in respect of the related Collection
Period and Payment Date and all information necessary for the Trustees, as applicable, to send (or provide access to via the internet) statements to Securityholders pursuant to Section 6.06 of the Indenture and Section 5.01(b) of the Trust
Agreement. The Servicer shall also specify to the Trustees, no later than the Determination Date following the last day of a Collection Period as of which the Seller shall separately identify (by account number), in a written notice to the
Depositor and the Trustees, the Receivables to be repurchased by the Seller or purchased by the Servicer, as the case may be, on the related Deposit Date. The Servicer shall include the SOFR Rate for the Interest Period provided to it in accordance
with Section 2.16 of the Indenture in the Investor Report.

(b) On or prior to the 15th day following each Payment Date, the Servicer will prepare a Form ABS-EE, including an asset data file and asset-related document containing the
asset-level information for each Receivable for the prior Collection Period as required by Item 1A of Form 10-D.

13

(c) Upon receipt of notice from the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) of the determination of a Benchmark Replacement or the making of any Benchmark Replacement
Conforming Changes, the Servicer will include in the next-delivered Investor Report any information regarding the Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes or SOFR
Adjustment Conforming Changes provided by the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) in the Investor Report.

Section 3.11. Annual Statement as to Compliance; Notice of Servicer Termination Events.

(a) The Servicer shall deliver to the Depositor, the Trustees and the Rating Agencies, within 90 days of the end of each calendar year, an Officers Certificate of the
Servicer, stating that (i) a review of the activities of the Servicer during the preceding 12-month period ended December 31 (or, if applicable, such shorter period as shall have elapsed since the Closing Date in the case of the first such
Officers Certificate) and of its performance under this Agreement has been made under such officers supervision and (ii) to the best of such officers knowledge, based on such review, the Servicer has fulfilled all its obligations under this
Agreement in all material respects throughout such period, or, if there has been a failure to fulfill any such obligation in any material respect, specifying each such default known to such officer and the nature and status thereof.

(b) The Servicer shall deliver to the Depositor and the Trustees, promptly after having obtained knowledge thereof, but in no event later than five Business Days thereafter, an
Officers Certificate specifying any event which constitutes or, with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would become, a Servicer Termination Event.

Section 3.12. Annual Accountants Report.

(a) The Servicer shall cause a firm of independent certified public accountants (who may also render other services to the Servicer or to the Depositor or their respective
Affiliates) to deliver to the Depositor and, if required or requested, to the Trustees within 90 days of the end of each calendar year, a report with respect to the preceding 12-month period ended December 31 (or, if applicable, such shorter period
as shall have elapsed since the Closing Date in the case of the first such report) or other report to the effect that such accountants have examined, on a test basis, evidence of the Servicers compliance with the covenants and conditions set forth
in this Agreement. The report will express an opinion on the Servicers assertion that the Servicer complied in all material respects with the aforementioned covenants and conditions is fairly stated, in all material respects or the reason why
such an opinion cannot be expressed. Such report shall also indicate that the firm is Independent with respect to the Depositor and the Servicer within the meaning of the Code of Professional Ethics of the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. The requirement of this subparagraph shall apply only so long as the Depositor is required to file Exchange Act reports, or to the extent that Regulation AB otherwise requires, in each case with respect to the transaction contemplated
by the Basic Documents.

14

(b) Notwithstanding Section 3.12(a), within 90 days of the end of each calendar year, the Servicer shall deliver the report and attestation set forth in Sections 3.12(c) and
(d) and the delivery of a copy of such report and attestation to the Depositor and the Trustees shall be deemed to satisfy the provisions of this Section.

(c) As and when required pursuant to Section 3.12(b), the Servicer will deliver to the Depositor and the Trustees a report regarding the Servicers assessment of compliance
with the applicable servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB during the immediately preceding calendar year (or, if applicable, such shorter period as shall have elapsed since the Closing Date in the case of the first such
report), in accordance with paragraph (b) of Rule 13a18 and Rule 15d-18 of the Exchange Act and Item 1122 of Regulation AB. Such report shall be signed by an authorized officer of the Servicer and shall address each of the applicable servicing
criteria specified in Part I of Schedule B hereto.

(d) The Servicer shall cause a firm of nationally recognized Independent public accountants to furnish to the Depositor and the Trustees, concurrently with the report delivered
pursuant to Section 3.12(c), an attestation report providing its assessment of compliance with the servicing criteria covered in such report during the preceding fiscal year, including disclosure of any material instance of non-compliance, as
required by Rule 13a18 or Rule 15d-18 under the Exchange Act and Item 1122(b) of Regulation AB. Any such attestation report shall be in accordance with Rules 1-02(a)(3) and 2-02(g) of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act,
stating, among other things, that the Servicers assertion of compliance with the specified servicing criteria is fairly stated in all material respects, or the reason why such an opinion cannot be expressed. Such report must be available for
general use and not contain restricted use language.

Section 3.13. Access to Certain Documentation and Information Regarding Receivables. Subject to Section 2.07(b), the Servicer shall provide the Depositor and the
Trustees with access to the Receivables Files in the cases where the related Trustee or the Securityholders are required by Applicable Law to have access to such documentation. Such access shall be afforded without charge but only upon reasonable
request and during normal business hours which does not unreasonably interfere with the normal operations or customer or employee relations of the Servicer, at the offices of the Servicer. Nothing in this Section shall affect the obligation of the
Servicer to observe any Applicable Law prohibiting disclosure of information regarding the Obligors, and the failure of the Servicer to provide access to information as a result of such obligation shall not constitute a breach of this Section.

Section 3.14. Reports to the Commission. The Servicer shall, on behalf of the Issuer, cause to be filed with the Commission any periodic reports required to be filed
under the provisions of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. The Depositor shall, at its expense, cooperate in any reasonable request made by the Servicer in connection with such filings.

15

Section 3.15. Reports to Rating Agencies. The Servicer shall deliver to each Rating Agency, at such address as such Rating Agency may request, to the extent it is
available to the Servicer, a copy of all reports or notices furnished or delivered pursuant to this Article and a copy of any amendments, supplements or modifications to this Agreement and any other information reasonably requested by such Rating
Agency.

Section 3.16. Asset Representations Review.

(a) If a Delinquency Trigger has occurred with respect to any Collection Period, the Servicer will promptly notify the Indenture Trustee thereof and include in the related
Investor Report a notice of occurrence of the Delinquency Trigger and of the rights of the Noteholders and Note Owners pursuant to Section 7.02 of the Indenture regarding Review by the Asset Representations Reviewer. The Indenture Trustee shall
not be deemed to have knowledge that any Repurchase Request remained unresolved for 180 days unless a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee has actual knowledge, or has received written notice, that such Repurchase Request in fact remained
unresolved for 180 days. The Indenture Trustee shall be under no obligation under the Indenture or otherwise to monitor repurchase activity or to independently determine which Repurchase Requests remain unresolved after 180 days.

(b) Upon receipt of notice from the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 7.02 of the Indenture regarding the demand by the Noteholders or the Note Owners to initiate a vote on
whether a Review shall be conducted by the Asset Representations Reviewer, the Servicer will include in the related Investor Report to be filed with the Form 10-D report for the Collection Period in which such demand was received (i) a statement
that Noteholders and Note Owners of a sufficient percentage of the aggregate Note Balance of the Notes are requesting a full Noteholder vote on whether to direct the Asset Representations Reviewer to conduct a Review and (ii) a description of the
applicable voting procedures, including the applicable voting deadline, which shall be no earlier than 150 days after the date of the filing of such Form 10-D report.

(c) Upon receipt of the Review Notice from the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 7.02 of the Indenture, the Servicer shall (i) identify as Review Assets within the
meaning of the Asset Representations Review Agreement all Receivables that are 60 days or more Delinquent (but are not Defaulted Receivables), (ii) provide to the Asset Representations Reviewer a list of such Review Assets in accordance with
Section 3.01 of the Asset Representations Review Agreement, (iii) provide such other reasonable assistance to the Asset Representations Reviewer as it may reasonably request in order to facilitate the Review pursuant to the Asset Representations
Review Agreement and (iv) include in the Form 10-D report for the Collection Period in which the Review Notice was received that the Noteholders and Note Owners of a majority of the Note Balance of Outstanding Notes voted to agree to a Review and a
Review will be conducted.

(d) Upon receipt of a copy of the Review Report from the Asset Representations Reviewer pursuant to the Asset Representations Review Agreement, the Servicer will include in the
Investor Report to be filed with the Form 10-D report for the Collection Period in which such Review Report was received a summary of the results of the Review set forth in such Review Report.

16

(e) Upon receipt of a copy of the Review Report, the Servicer (i) will review such Review Report and, with respect to any Receivable as to which the Review Report indicated a
Test Fail, make a determination for each Test Fail whether a breach of a representation and warranty that materially and adversely affects the interest of the Issuer in the related Receivable has occurred and (ii) may, or if it determines that such
a breach has occurred, shall deposit the related Payment Amount with respect to such Receivable in accordance with Section 3.08.

(f) If during any Collection Period the Servicer receives notice or has actual knowledge that the Asset Representations Reviewer has resigned or has been removed, replaced or
substituted, or if a successor Asset Representations Reviewer has been appointed, the Servicer will include in the related Form 10-D report the date of such event and a general statement of the circumstances surrounding the change.

Section 3.17. Dispute Resolution.

(a) Referral to Dispute Resolution. If any Requesting Party makes a Repurchase Request, and the Repurchase Request has not fulfilled or otherwise resolved to the
reasonable satisfaction of the Requesting Party within 180 days of the Depositors or Sellers receipt thereof, the Requesting Party may refer the matter, in its discretion, to either mediation (including non-binding arbitration) or binding
third-party arbitration, or may file a legal action in a court of competent jurisdiction. The Requesting Party must commence the mediation or arbitration proceeding according to the ADR Rules of the ADR Organization, or a court action according
with applicable court procedures, in each case within 90 days after the end of such 180-day period. The Depositor and the Seller agree to participate in the dispute resolution method selected by the Requesting Party. In no event shall the
Indenture Trustee be a Requesting Party or pursue dispute resolution unless it is directed to do so by the Noteholders or Note Owners of at least 5.0% of the Note Balance of the Notes, and such Noteholders or Note Owners shall have offered to the
Indenture Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to it against the reasonable costs, expenses, disbursements, advances and liabilities that might be incurred by it, its agents and its counsel in compliance with such direction.

(b) Mediation. If the Requesting Party selects mediation (including non-binding arbitration) for dispute resolution:

(i) The mediation will be administered by the ADR Organization using its ADR Rules. If, however, any ADR Rules are inconsistent with the procedures for
mediation in this Section, the procedures in this Section will control.

(ii) A single mediator will be selected by the ADR Organization from a list of neutrals maintained by it according to the ADR Rules.

(iii) The mediation will start within 15 days after the selection of the mediator and conclude within 30 days after the start of the mediation.

(iv) Expenses of the mediation will be allocated to the parties as mutually agreed by them as part of the mediation.

17

(v) If the parties fail to agree at the completion of the mediation, the Requesting Party may refer the Repurchase Request to arbitration under this Section.

(c) Arbitration. If the Requesting Party selects binding arbitration for dispute resolution:

(i) The arbitration will be administered by the ADR Organization using its ADR Rules. If, however, any ADR Rules are inconsistent with the procedures
for arbitration stated in this Section, the procedures in this Section will control.

(ii) A single arbitrator will be selected by the ADR Organization from a list of neutrals maintained by it according to the ADR Rules. The arbitrator will be
independent and impartial and will comply with the Code of Ethics for Arbitrators in Commercial Disputes in effect at the time of the arbitration. Before accepting an appointment, the arbitrator must promptly disclose any circumstances likely to
create a reasonable inference of bias or conflict of interest or likely to preclude completion of the proceedings within the stated time schedule. The arbitrator may be removed by the ADR Organization for cause consisting of actual bias, conflict
of interest or other serious potential for conflict.

(iii) The arbitrator will have the authority to schedule, hear and determine any motions, according to New York law, and will do so at the motion of any party. 
Discovery will be scheduled for completion within 60 days of selection of the arbitrator and will be limited for each party to two witness depositions not to exceed five hours, two interrogatories, one document request and one request for
admissions. The arbitrator may, however, grant additional discovery on a showing of good cause that the additional discovery is reasonable and necessary. Briefs may not exceed ten pages, and will be limited to initial statements of the case,
motions and a pre-hearing brief. The evidentiary hearing on the merits will start no later than 90 days after selection of the arbitrator and will proceed for no more than 10 Business Days with equal time allocated to each party for the
presentation of evidence and cross examination. The arbitrator may allow additional time for discovery and hearings on a showing of good cause or due to unavoidable delays.

(iv) The arbitrator will make its final determination no later than 120 days after its selection. The arbitrator will resolve the dispute according to the terms
of this Agreement and the other Basic Documents, and may not in any way modify or change this Agreement or the other Basic Documents. The arbitrator will not have the power to award punitive damages or consequential damages in any arbitration. In
its final determination, the arbitrator will determine and award the expenses of the arbitration (including filing fees, the fees of the arbitrator, expenses of any record or transcript of the arbitration and administrative fees) to the parties in
its reasonable discretion. The determination of the arbitrator will be in writing and counterpart copies will be promptly delivered to the parties. The determination will be final and non-appealable, except for actions to confirm or vacate the
determination permitted under United States federal or State law, and may be entered and enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction.

18

(v) By selecting binding arbitration, the Requesting Party waives the right to bring an action in court, including the right to a trial by jury.

(vi) The Requesting Party may not, and hereby waives any right, to bring a putative or certificated class action or any type of representative action to
arbitration. If this waiver of class action rights is found to be unenforceable for any reason, the Requesting Party agrees that it will bring its claims in a court of competent jurisdiction.

(d) Additional Conditions. For each mediation or arbitration:

(i) Each mediator or arbitrator must be impartial, an attorney admitted to practice in the State of New York and have at least 15 years of experience in commercial litigation and, if possible,
consumer finance or asset-backed securitization matters.

(ii) The mediation or arbitration will be held in New York, New York at the offices of the mediator or arbitrator or at another location selected by the
Servicer. Any party or witness may participate by teleconference or video conference.

(iii) The Seller, the Depositor and the Requesting Party will have the right to seek provisional relief from a competent court of law, including a temporary
restraining order, preliminary injunction or attachment order, if such relief is available by law.

(iv) Neither the Seller not the Depositor shall be required to produce Personally Identifiable Information for
purposes of any mediation or arbitration. The existence and details of any unresolved Repurchase Request, any informal meetings, mediations or arbitration proceedings, the nature and amount of any relief sought or granted, any offers or statements
made and any discovery taken in the proceeding, will be confidential, privileged and inadmissible for any purpose in any mediation, arbitration, litigation or other proceeding. The parties will keep this information
confidential and will not disclose or discuss it with any third party (other than a party's attorneys, experts, accountants and other advisors, as reasonably required in connection with the mediation or arbitration proceeding under this Section),
except as required by Applicable Law. If a party to a mediation or arbitration proceeding receives a subpoena or other request for information from a third party (other than a Governmental Authority) for confidential information of the other party
to the mediation or arbitration proceeding, the recipient will promptly notify the other party and will provide the other party with the opportunity to object to the production of its confidential information.

(v) To the extent the Indenture Trustee is found responsible for any expenses allocated to the Requesting Party in any dispute resolution proceeding, such
expenses shall be payable to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 2.08 of the Indenture, and if not so paid, then by the Seller.

19

ARTICLE FOUR

DISTRIBUTIONS; RESERVE FUND;

STATEMENTS TO SECURITYHOLDERS

Section 4.01. Establishment of Accounts.

(a) MBFS USA (as Servicer hereunder) shall establish the following Accounts, on or before the Closing Date, and maintain each as an Eligible Deposit Account in the name of the
Indenture Trustee, at the Securities Intermediary, on behalf of the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of:

(i) the Securityholders, designated as the Mercedes-Benz Auto Receivables Trust 2025-1 Collection Account, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,
Indenture Trustee (the Collection Account);

(ii) the Noteholders, designated as the Mercedes-Benz Auto Receivables Trust 2025-1 Note Payment Account, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,
Indenture Trustee (the Note Payment Account); and

(iii) the Noteholders, which has been pledged by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders, designated as the Mercedes-Benz Auto
Receivables Trust 2025-1 Reserve Fund, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, Indenture Trustee (the Reserve Fund);

in each case bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein are held in trust for the benefit of the related Persons. The Accounts shall be under the control of the Securities Intermediary on behalf of the Indenture
Trustee; provided, however, that the Servicer may direct the Indenture Trustee in writing to make (or cause to be made) deposits to and withdrawals from the applicable Accounts in accordance with this Agreement and the other Basic Documents. All
monies deposited from time to time in the Accounts shall be held by, or in the name of, the Indenture Trustee as part of the Trust Property, and all deposits to and withdrawals therefrom shall be made only upon the terms and conditions of the Basic
Documents. Amounts on deposit in each Account shall, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, be invested, as directed in writing by the Servicer, in Eligible Investments. If, at any time, any of the Accounts ceases to be an Eligible Deposit
Account, the Servicer shall, as soon as commercially practicable but in any event within 60 calendar days, establish and maintain a new Eligible Deposit Account for such Account and for all cash and investments held in such Account.

(b) The Issuer and the Servicer agree that each institution, with which an Account is established, will agree substantially as follows:

(i) it will comply with Entitlement Orders related to such account issued by the Indenture Trustee, without further consent by the Servicer;

(ii) until termination of this Agreement, it will not enter into any other agreement related to such Account pursuant to which it agrees to comply with
Entitlement Orders of any Person other than the Indenture Trustee;

(iii) all Account Collateral delivered or credited to it in connection with such account and all proceeds thereof will be promptly credited to such Account;

20

(iv) it will treat all Account Collateral as Financial Assets; and

(v) all Account Collateral will be physically delivered (accompanied by any required endorsements) to, or credited to an account in the name of, the institution
maintaining the related Account in accordance with such institutions customary procedures such that such institution establishes a Security Entitlement in favor of the Indenture Trustee with respect thereto over which the Indenture Trustee has
Control.

(c) If on any Payment Date the sum of the amounts on deposit in the Collection Account for the related Collection Period and the Reserve Fund on such Payment Date equals or
exceeds the Note Balance, all accrued and unpaid interest thereon and all amounts due to the Servicer and the Trustees, all such amounts on deposit will be applied up to the amounts necessary to retire the Notes and pay such amounts due.

Section 4.02. Reserve Fund.

(a) On the Closing Date, the Depositor shall deposit the Reserve Fund Deposit into the Reserve Fund from the net proceeds of the sale of the Notes. The Reserve Fund Property
has been conveyed by the Depositor to the Issuer pursuant to Section 2.01(a). Pursuant to the Indenture, the Issuer will pledge all of its right, title and interest in, to and under the Reserve Fund and the Reserve Fund Property to the Indenture
Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders to secure its obligations under the Notes and the Indenture.

(b) If the Reserve Fund is no longer to be maintained at the Securities Intermediary or the Indenture Trustee, the Servicer shall, with MBFS USAs and the Indenture Trustees
prior approval (not to be unreasonably withheld) and assistance as necessary, promptly (and in any case within ten Business Days) cause the Reserve Fund to be moved to another institution. The Servicer shall promptly notify the Rating Agencies and
the Trustees in writing of any change in the account number or location of the Reserve Fund.

(c) On each Payment Date, the Indenture Trustee will deposit, or cause to be deposited, in the Reserve Fund, from amounts collected on or in respect of the Receivables during
the related Collection Period and not used on that Payment Date to pay the Required Payment Amount, the amount, if any, by which the Reserve Fund Required Amount for that Payment Date exceeds the amount on deposit in the Reserve Fund on that
Payment Date, after giving effect to all required withdrawals from the Reserve Fund on that Payment Date.

(d) On each Determination Date, the Servicer will determine the Reserve Fund Draw Amount, if any, for the related Payment Date. If the Reserve Fund Draw Amount for any Payment
Date is greater than zero, the Indenture Trustee will withdraw, or cause to be withdrawn, from the Reserve Fund, an amount equal to the lesser of the amount on deposit in the Reserve Fund and the Reserve Fund Draw Amount, and transfer the amount
withdrawn to the Collection Account on the Deposit Date.

21

(e) If the Reserve Fund Amount for any Payment Date (after giving effect to the withdrawal of the Reserve Fund Draw Amount for such Payment Date and the distribution described
in the preceding sentence) exceeds the Reserve Fund Required Amount for such Payment Date, the Servicer shall instruct the Indenture Trustee in writing to distribute or cause to be distributed on the related Deposit Date, the amount of such excess
to the Collection Account for payment to the Depositor on such Payment Date. Any amount paid to the Depositor will no longer constitute a portion of the Trust Property and the Indenture Trustee and the Issuer hereby release, on each Payment Date,
their security interest in, to and under the Reserve Fund Property distributed to the Depositor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, investment income for each Collection Period (net of losses and expenses) on amounts on deposit in the Reserve Fund
shall constitute Available Collections.

(f) If the Note Balance and all other amounts owing or to be distributed hereunder or under the Indenture to the Noteholders and the Certificateholders, the Trustees and the
Servicer have been paid in full and the Issuer has been terminated, any remaining Reserve Fund Property shall be distributed to the Depositor.

Section 4.03. Monthly Remittance Condition.

(a) For so long as the Monthly Remittance Condition is (i) not met, the Servicer shall remit all amounts received on or in respect of the Receivables during any Collection
Period to the Collection Account in immediately available funds no later than two Business Days after receipt and identification or (ii) met, the Servicer may remit all amounts received on or in respect of the Receivables during any Collection
Period to the Collection Account in immediately available funds on or prior to the related Deposit Date.

(b) The Servicer shall remit to the Collection Account on or prior to the Closing Date all amounts received and identified by the Servicer on or in respect of the Receivables
(including Net Liquidation Proceeds and all amounts received by the Servicer in connection with the repossession and sale of a Financed Vehicle (whether or not the related Receivable has been classified as a Defaulted Receivable)) during the period
from but excluding the Cutoff Date to and including the second Business Day preceding the Closing Date.

(c) The Depositor and the Servicer may make any remittances pursuant to this Article with respect to a Collection Period net of distributions or reimbursements to be made to or
by the Depositor or the Servicer with respect to such Collection Period; provided, however, that such obligations shall remain separate obligations, no party shall have a right of offset, and each such party shall account for all of the above
described remittances and distributions as if the amounts were deposited or transferred separately.

Section 4.04. Collections. Subject to Sections 4.03, 4.06 and 4.07(a), the Servicer shall remit to the Collection Account all amounts received by the Servicer on or in
respect of the Receivables (including Net Liquidation Proceeds and all amounts received by the Servicer in connection with the repossession and sale of a Financed Vehicle (whether or not the related Receivable has been classified as a Defaulted
Receivable) but excluding payments with respect to Purchased Receivables) as soon as practicable and in no event after the close of business on the second Business Day after such amounts have been received and identified.

22

Section 4.05. Application of Collections. For purposes of this Agreement, all amounts received on or in respect of a Receivable during any Collection Period (including
Net Liquidation Proceeds and all amounts received by the Servicer in connection with the repossession and sale of a Financed Vehicle (whether or not the related Receivable has been classified as a Defaulted Receivable) but excluding payments with
respect to Purchased Receivables) shall be applied by the Servicer to interest and principal on such Receivable in accordance with the Simple Interest Method.

Section 4.06. Advances.

(a) If, as of the end of any Collection Period, the payments received during such Collection Period by or on behalf of an Obligor in respect of a Receivable (other than a
Purchased Receivable) shall be less than the related Monthly Payment, whether as a result of any extension granted to the Obligor or otherwise, then, at the option of the Servicer, an amount equal to the product of the Principal Balance of such
Receivable as of the first day of the related Collection Period and one-twelfth of its APR minus the amount of interest actually received on such Receivable during such Collection Period (each, an Advance) may be deposited by the Servicer into
the Collection Account on the related Deposit Date. If such a calculation in respect of a Receivable results in a negative number, an amount equal to such negative amount shall be paid to the Servicer in reimbursement of any outstanding Advances. 
In addition, in the event that a Receivable becomes a Defaulted Receivable, the amount of accrued and unpaid interest thereon (but not including interest for the current Collection Period) shall, up to the amount of outstanding Advances, be
withdrawn from the Collection Account and paid to the Servicer in reimbursement of such outstanding Advances. No Advances will be made with respect to the Principal Balance of Receivables. The Servicer shall not be required to make an Advance to
the extent that the Servicer, in its sole discretion, shall determine that such Advance is likely to become a Nonrecoverable Advance.

(b) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 4.06(a), the Servicer shall be entitled to reimbursement for an outstanding Advance made in respect of a Receivable, without
interest, from the following sources with respect to such Receivable: (i) subsequent payments made by or on behalf of the related Obligor, (ii) Net Liquidation Proceeds and Recoveries and (iii) the Purchase Amount. If the Servicer determines that
it has made a Nonrecoverable Advance, the Servicer shall reimburse itself, without interest, from unrelated amounts received by the Servicer on or in respect of the Receivables (including Net Liquidation Proceeds and all amounts received by the
Servicer in connection with the repossession and sale of a Financed Vehicle (whether or not the related Receivable has been classified as a Defaulted Receivable)) to the extent it shall, concurrently with the withholding of any such amounts from
deposit in or credit to the Collection Account, furnish to the Trustees a certificate of a Servicing Officer setting forth the basis for the Servicers determination, the amount of, and Receivable with respect to which, such Nonrecoverable Advance
was made and the installment or installments or other proceeds respecting which such reimbursement has been taken.

Section 4.07. Additional Deposits.

(a) The following additional deposits shall be made: (i) the Seller shall remit to the Collection Account the aggregate Purchase Amount with respect to Purchased Receivables
pursuant to Section 2.05 or pursuant to Section 3.04 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement, (ii) the Servicer shall remit or cause to be remitted to the Collection Account (A) the aggregate Purchase Amount with respect to Purchased Receivables
pursuant to Section 3.08 and (B) the amount required upon the optional purchase of all Receivables by the Servicer pursuant to Section 8.01 and (iii) the Indenture Trustee shall remit or shall cause to be remitted, pursuant to Section 4.02, the
Reserve Fund Draw Amount to the Collection Account.

23

(b) All deposits required to be made in respect of a Collection Period pursuant to this Section by the Servicer may be made in the form of a single deposit and shall be made in
immediately available funds, no later than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the related Deposit Date.

Section 4.08. Determination Date Calculations; Application of Available Funds.

(a) On each Determination Date, the Servicer shall calculate the following amounts with respect to the related Payment Date and Collection Period:

(i) the Available Collections;

(ii) the Total Servicing Fee (including the amount of any Nonrecoverable Advances);

(iii) if not previously paid, the Total Trustee Fees and the Asset Representations Reviewer Fees;

(iv) the Interest Distributable Amount for each interest-bearing Class of Notes;

(v) the Priority Principal Distributable Amount;

(vi) the Regular Principal Distributable Amount; and

(vii) the sum of the amounts described in clauses (ii) through (v) above (the Required Payment Amount); provided, however, that so long as the Notes have
not been accelerated in accordance with the Indenture following an Event of Default, the aggregate amount to be included in the Required Payment Amount pursuant to clause (iii) above shall not exceed $250,000 in any given calendar year; provided,
further that the Required Payment Amount with respect to each Payment Date shall be reduced by any unreimbursed Advance and any amounts payable to the Servicer, so long as MBFS USA or any affiliate thereof is the Servicer.

On each Determination Date, the Servicer shall calculate the Reserve Fund Amount, the Reserve Fund Required Amount, the Reserve Fund Draw Amount and the amount, if any, by which the Reserve Fund Required Amount exceeds
the Reserve Fund Amount (after giving effect to any deposits to the Reserve Fund and the withdrawal of the Reserve Fund Draw Amount for such Payment Date).

(b) On each Determination Date, the Servicer shall instruct the Indenture Trustee to apply (or cause to be applied) on the related Payment Date, the Available Funds for such
Payment Date to make the related payments and deposits set forth in Section 2.08 of the Indenture.

24

Section 4.09. Statements to Securityholders. Within the prescribed period of time for tax reporting purposes after the end of each calendar year during the term of the
Issuer, but not later than the latest date permitted by Applicable Law, the Servicer shall cause each Trustee to make available to each Person who at any time during such calendar year shall have been a Securityholder, a statement, prepared by the
Servicer, containing certain information for such calendar year or, in the event such Person shall have been a Securityholder during a portion of such calendar year, for the applicable portion of such year, for the purposes of such Securityholders
preparation of United States federal income tax returns. In addition, the Servicer shall furnish to the Trustees for distribution to such Person at such time any other information necessary under Applicable Law for the preparation of such income tax
returns.

ARTICLE FIVE

THE DEPOSITOR

Section 5.01. Representations and Warranties of Depositor. The Depositor makes the following representations and warranties on which the Issuer is deemed to have relied
in acquiring the Trust Property. The representations and warranties speak as of the date of execution and delivery of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, and shall survive the sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance of the Trust Property to
the Issuer and the pledge thereof to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture.

(a) Organization and Good Standing. The Depositor has been duly organized and is validly existing as a limited liability company in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware,
with power and authority to own its properties and to conduct its business as such properties are currently owned and such business is presently conducted, and had at all relevant times, and has, power, authority and legal right to acquire, own and
sell the Receivables.

(b) Due Qualification. The Depositor is duly qualified to do business as a foreign limited liability company in good standing and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in each
jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify or to obtain such licenses and approvals would, in the reasonable judgment of the Depositor, materially and adversely affect the performance by the Depositor of its obligations under, or the validity or
enforceability of, the Depositor Basic Documents, the Receivables or the Securities.

(c) Power and Authority. The Depositor has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Depositor Basic Documents. The Depositor has the power and
authority to sell, assign, transfer and convey the property to be transferred to and deposited with the Issuer and has duly authorized such sale, assignment, transfer and conveyance by all necessary limited liability company action; and the
execution, delivery and performance of the Depositor Basic Documents has been duly authorized by the Depositor by all necessary limited liability company action.

25

(d) Valid Sale; Binding Obligation. This Agreement effects a valid sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance to the Issuer of the Receivables and the other Trust Property, enforceable
against all creditors of and purchasers from the Depositor. Each Depositor Basic Document constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Depositor enforceable against the Depositor in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may
be subject to or limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, fraudulent transfer or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights in general, and by general principles of equity,
regardless of whether considered in a Proceeding in equity or at law.

(e) No Violation. The execution, delivery and performance by the Depositor of the Depositor Basic Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and the
fulfillment of the terms hereof and thereof does not conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of, nor constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) a default under, the certificate of formation or limited
liability company agreement of the Depositor, or conflict with or violate any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) a default under, any indenture, agreement or other instrument to which the
Depositor is a party or by which it shall be bound or to which any of its properties is subject; nor result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, agreement or other
instrument (other than this Agreement); nor violate any Applicable Law or, to the Depositors knowledge, any order, rule or regulation applicable to the Depositor or of Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Depositor or its properties,
which conflict, breach, default, Lien or violation would have a material adverse effect on the performance by the Depositor of its obligations under or the validity or enforceability of, the Depositor Basic Documents, the Receivables or the
Securities.

(f) No Proceedings. There are no Proceedings or investigations pending, or to the Depositors knowledge, threatened against the Depositor, before any Governmental Authority having
jurisdiction over the Depositor or its properties: (i) asserting the invalidity of any Basic Document or the Securities, (ii) seeking to prevent the issuance of the Securities or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the Basic
Documents, (iii) seeking any determination or ruling that, in the reasonable judgment of the Depositor, would materially and adversely affect the performance by the Depositor of its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, the
Depositor Basic Documents, the Receivables or the Securities or (iv) relating to the Depositor and which might adversely affect the United States federal income tax attributes of the Issuer or the Securities.

Section 5.02. Liability of Depositor; Indemnities.

(a) The Depositor shall be liable in accordance herewith only to the extent of the obligations specifically undertaken by the Depositor under this Agreement.

26

(b) The Depositor shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Issuer and the Trustees from and against any taxes that may at any time be asserted against any such Person with
respect to the transactions contemplated by the Basic Documents, including any sales, gross receipts, gross margin, general corporation, tangible personal property, privilege or license taxes (but not including any taxes asserted with respect to,
and as of the date of the sale of the Receivables to the Issuer or the issuance and original sale of the Securities, or United States federal or State income taxes arising out of distributions on the Securities), and all costs and expenses in
defending against such taxes including any Expenses incurred by the relevant party in connection with the enforcement of the Depositors indemnification or other obligations hereunder.

(c) The Depositor shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Issuer, the Trustees and the Securityholders from and against any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense
incurred by reason of the Depositors willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence (other than errors in judgment) in the performance of its duties under the Depositor Basic Documents, or by reason of reckless disregard of its obligations and
duties under the Depositor Basic Documents, including any Expenses incurred by the relevant party in connection with the enforcement of the Depositors indemnification or other obligations hereunder.

(d) The Depositor shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Trustees from and against all losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses arising out of or incurred in
connection with the acceptance or performance of the trusts and duties contained herein, in the Trust Agreement (in the case of the Owner Trustee) and in the Indenture (in the case of the Indenture Trustee), including any Expenses incurred by the
relevant party in connection with the enforcement of the Depositors indemnification or other obligations hereunder, except to the extent that such loss, liability, claim, damage or expense (i) shall be due to the willful misfeasance, bad faith or
negligence of the related Trustee, (ii) in the case of (A) the Owner Trustee, shall arise from the breach by the Owner Trustee of any of its representations or warranties set forth in the Trust Agreement or (B) the Indenture Trustee, shall arise
from the breach by the Indenture Trustee of any of its representations and warranties set forth in the Indenture or shall arise out of or be incurred in connection with the performance by the Indenture Trustee of the duties of a Successor Servicer
hereunder, (iii) shall be one as to which the Servicer is required to indemnify either Trustee or (iv) relates to any tax other than the taxes with respect to which the Servicer shall be required to indemnify either Trustee. The Depositor shall
pay any and all taxes levied or assessed upon all or any part of the Trust Property.

(e) Indemnification under this Section shall survive the resignation or removal of either Trustee and the termination of this Agreement and shall include reasonable fees and
expenses of counsel and expenses of litigation. If the Depositor shall have made any indemnity payments pursuant to this Section and the Person to or on behalf of whom such payments are made thereafter shall collect any of such amounts from
others, such Person shall promptly repay such amounts to the Depositor, without interest. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Depositor shall only be required to pay (i) any fees, expenses, indemnities or other
liabilities that it may incur under the Basic Documents from funds available pursuant to, and in accordance with, the payment priorities set forth in this Agreement and the other Basic Documents and (ii) to the extent the Depositor has additional
funds available (other than funds described in clause (i) above) that would be in excess of amounts that would be necessary to pay the debt and other obligations of the Depositor in accordance with the Depositors certificate of formation,
operating agreement and all financing documents to which the Depositor is a party. The agreement set forth in the preceding sentence shall constitute a subordination agreement for purposes of Section 510(a) of the Bankruptcy Code. In addition, no
amount owing by the Depositor hereunder in excess of liabilities that it is required to pay in accordance with the preceding sentence shall constitute a claim (as defined in Section 101(5) of the Bankruptcy Code) against it.

27

Section 5.03. Merger, Consolidation or Assumption of the Obligations of Depositor. Any Person (i) into which the Depositor shall be merged or consolidated, (ii)
resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Depositor shall be a party or (iii) that shall succeed by purchase and assumption to all or substantially all of the business of the Depositor, which Person in any of the foregoing
cases executes an agreement of assumption to perform every obligation of the Depositor under this Agreement, shall be the successor to the Depositor under this Agreement without the execution or filing of any other document or any further act on the
part of any of the parties to this Agreement; provided, however, that (A) the Depositor shall have delivered to the Trustees an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that such merger, conversion, consolidation or succession and
such agreement of assumption comply with this Section, (B) the Depositor shall have delivered to the Trustees an Opinion of Counsel stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, either (1) all financing statements and continuation statements and
amendments thereto have been authorized and filed that are necessary to fully preserve and protect the interest of the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, respectively, in the Receivables, and reciting the details of such filings or referring to prior
Opinions of Counsel in which such details are given, or (2) no such action shall be necessary to fully preserve and protect such interest and (C) the Rating Agency Condition shall have been satisfied. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, the execution of the foregoing agreement of assumption and compliance with clauses (A), (B) and (C) above shall be conditions to the consummation of the transactions referred to in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above.

Section 5.04. Limitation on Liability of Depositor and Others. The Depositor and any director or officer or employee or agent of the Depositor may rely in good faith on
any document of any kind, prima facie properly executed and submitted by any Person respecting any matters arising hereunder. The Depositor shall not be under any obligation to appear in, prosecute or defend any legal action that shall not be
incidental to its obligations under this Agreement, and that in its opinion may involve it in any expense or liability. The indemnities contained in this Section shall survive the resignation of the Indenture Trustee or termination of this
Agreement.

Section 5.05. Depositor Not to Resign. Subject to the provisions of Section 5.03, the Depositor shall not resign from the obligations and duties hereby imposed on it as
Depositor hereunder.

Section 5.06. Depositor May Own Securities. The Depositor and any of its Affiliates may, in its individual or any other capacity, become the owner or pledgee of
Securities with the same rights as it would have if it were not the Depositor or an Affiliate of the Depositor, except as otherwise expressly provided herein or in any other Basic Document (including in the definition of the terms Note Balance and
Outstanding). Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or in the other Basic Documents (including in the definition of the terms Note Balance and Outstanding), Securities so owned by or pledged to the Depositor or such Affiliate shall
have an equal and proportionate benefit under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Basic Documents, without preference, priority or distinction as among the Notes and the Certificates as the case may be.

28

Section 5.07. Covenants of Depositor. The Depositor makes the following covenants as of the date of this Agreement:

(a) The Depositor makes the covenants in Sections 2.08, 4.03(c)(iv) and 4.03(c)(v) of the Depositor Limited Liability Company Agreement, which covenants are hereby incorporated into and made a part
of this Agreement.

(b) The Depositor shall not conduct or promote any activities except as set forth in Section 2.04 of the Depositor Limited Liability Company Agreement.

ARTICLE SIX

THE SERVICER

Section 6.01. Representations and Warranties of Servicer. The Servicer makes the following representations and warranties on which the Issuer is deemed to have relied
in acquiring the Trust Property. The representations and warranties speak as of the date of execution and delivery of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, and shall survive the sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance of the Trust Property to
the Issuer and the pledge thereof to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture:

(a) Organization and Good Standing. The Servicer is a limited liability company duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware and continues to hold a valid
certificate to do business as such. It is duly authorized to own its properties and transact its business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the business transacted by it or any properties owned or leased by it
requires such authorization and in which the failure to be so authorized would have a material adverse effect on its business, properties, assets or condition (financial or other) and those of its subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise. The
Servicer has, and at all relevant times had, the power, authority and legal right to service the Receivables and to hold the Receivable Files as custodian on behalf of the Issuer.

(b) Due Qualification. The Servicer is duly qualified to do business in good standing and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in each jurisdiction in which the failure to so
qualify or to obtain such licenses and approvals would, in the reasonable judgment of the Servicer, materially and adversely affect the performance by the Servicer of its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, the Servicer Basic
Documents, the Receivables or the Securities.

(c) Power and Authority. The Servicer has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Servicer Basic Documents; and the execution, delivery and
performance of the Servicer Basic Documents have been duly authorized by the Servicer by all necessary action.

(d) Binding Obligation. Each Servicer Basic Document constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Servicer, enforceable against the Servicer in accordance with its terms,
except as enforceability may be subject to or limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, fraudulent transfer or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights in general, and by general
principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a Proceeding in equity or at law.

29

(e) No Violation. The execution, delivery and performance by the Servicer of the Servicer Basic Documents, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and the
fulfillment of their respective terms shall not conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a default under, the certificate of formation or limited
liability company agreement of the Servicer, or any material indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument to which the Servicer is a party, by which the Servicer is bound or to which any of its properties are subject; or result
in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument, other than the Servicer Basic Documents, or violate any law, order, rule or
regulation applicable to the Servicer or its properties of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Servicer or any of its properties.

(f) No Proceedings. There are no Proceedings or investigations pending or, to the knowledge of the Servicer, threatened, against the Servicer before any Governmental Authority having
jurisdiction over the Servicer or its properties: (i) asserting the invalidity of any Basic Document, (ii) seeking to prevent the issuance of the Securities or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the Basic Documents, (iii)
seeking any determination or ruling that, in the reasonable judgment of the Servicer, would materially and adversely affect the performance by it of its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or the Receivables or
(iv) seeking to adversely affect the United States federal income tax or other United States federal, State or local tax attributes of the Securities.

Section 6.02. Liability of Servicer; Indemnities. The Servicer shall be liable in accordance herewith only to the extent of the obligations specifically undertaken by
the Servicer under this Agreement. Such obligations shall include the following:

(a) The Servicer shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Issuer, the Trustees, the Securityholders and the Depositor from and against all losses,
liabilities, claims, damages and expenses arising out of or incurred in connection with the use, ownership or operation by the Servicer or any Affiliate of the Servicer of a Financed Vehicle, including any Expenses incurred by the relevant party in
connection with enforcement of the Servicers indemnification or other obligations hereunder.

(b) The Servicer shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Issuer, the Depositor and the Trustees from and against any taxes that may at any time be asserted
against any such Person as a result of or relating to the transactions contemplated herein and in the other Basic Documents, including any sales, gross receipts, gross margin, general corporation, tangible personal property, privilege or license
taxes (but not including any taxes asserted with respect to, and as of the date of, the sale of the Receivables to the Issuer or the issuance and original sale of the Securities, or United States federal or State income taxes arising out of
distributions on the Securities) and costs and expenses in defending against such taxes, including any Expenses incurred by the relevant party in connection with enforcement of the Servicers indemnification or other obligations hereunder.

30

(c) The Servicer shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Issuer, the Trustees, the Securityholders and the Depositor from and against any loss, liability,
claim, damage or expense incurred by reason of the Servicers willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence in the performance of its duties under the Servicer Basic Documents or by reason of a reckless disregard of its obligations and duties under
the Servicer Basic Documents, including any Expenses incurred by the relevant party in connection with enforcement of the Servicers indemnification or other obligations hereunder.

(d) The Servicer shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Trustees and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents from and against all
losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses arising out of or incurred in connection with the acceptance or performance of the trusts and duties herein and contained in the Trust Agreement (in the case of the Owner Trustee) and contained in
the Indenture (in the case of the Indenture Trustee), including any Expenses incurred by the relevant party in connection with enforcement of the Servicers indemnification or other obligations hereunder, except to the extent that such loss,
liability, claim, damage or expense: (i) shall be due to the willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence (except for errors in judgment) of either Trustee, (ii) in the case of (A) the Owner Trustee, shall arise from the breach by it of any of its
representations or warranties set forth in Section 7.03 of the Trust Agreement, or (B) the Indenture Trustee, shall arise from the breach by it of any of its representations and warranties set forth in the Indenture or shall arise out of or be
incurred in connection with the performance by it of the duties of a Successor Servicer hereunder or (iii) relates to any tax other than to the taxes with respect to which either the Depositor or the Servicer shall be required to indemnify either
Trustee.

(e) The Servicer shall pay the Owner Trustee compensation, reimbursement or other payments owed to it pursuant to Sections 8.01 and 8.02 of the Trust Agreement.

In addition to the foregoing indemnities, if either Trustee is entitled to indemnification by the Depositor pursuant to Section 5.02 and the Depositor is unable for any reason to provide such indemnification to either
Trustee, then the Servicer shall be liable for any indemnification that such Trustee is entitled to under Section 5.02. For purposes of this Section, in the event of a termination of the rights and obligations of the Servicer (or any Successor
Servicer) pursuant to Section 7.01 or a resignation by such Servicer pursuant to Section 6.05, such Servicer shall be deemed to be the Servicer pending appointment of a Successor Servicer (other than the Indenture Trustee) pursuant to Section 7.02. 
Indemnification under this Section by the Servicer (or any Successor Servicer), with respect to the period such Person was (or was deemed to be) the Servicer, shall survive the termination of each Person as Servicer or a resignation by such Person as
Servicer, as well as the resignation or removal of either Trustee or the termination of this Agreement and shall include reasonable fees and expenses of counsel and expenses of litigation. If the Servicer shall have made any indemnity payments
pursuant to this Section and the Person to or on behalf of whom such payments are made thereafter collects any of such amounts from others, such Person shall promptly repay such amounts to the Servicer, as the case may be, without interest.

31

Section 6.03. Merger or Consolidation of, or Assumption of the Obligations of Servicer. Any Person (i) into which the Servicer shall be merged or consolidated, (ii)
which may result from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Servicer shall be a party or (iii) which may succeed to all or substantially all of the business of the Servicer, which Person in any of the foregoing cases is an Eligible
Servicer and executes an agreement of assumption to perform every obligation of the Servicer under this Agreement, shall be the successor to the Servicer under this Agreement without the execution or filing of any other document or any further act on
the part of any of the parties hereto; provided, however, the Servicer shall have delivered to the Depositor and the Trustees (a) an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that such merger, conversion or consolidation and such
agreement of assumption comply with this Section and (b) an Opinion of Counsel stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, either (1) all financing statements and continuation statements and amendments thereto have been authorized and filed that
are necessary to preserve and protect the interest of the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, respectively, in the assets of the Issuer and reciting the details of such filings or referring to prior Opinions of Counsel in which such details are given
or (2) no such action shall be necessary to preserve and protect such interest. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the execution of the foregoing agreement of assumption and compliance with clauses (a) and (b) above shall be
conditions to the consummation of the transactions referred to in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above. The Servicer shall provide prior written notice of any merger, conversion, consolidation or succession pursuant to this Section to the Trustees, the
Rating Agencies and the Depositor. The Servicer shall provide such information in writing as reasonably requested by the Depositor to allow the Depositor to comply with its Exchange Act reporting obligations with respect to a Successor Servicer.

Section 6.04. Limitation on Liability of Servicer and Others.

(a)Neither the Servicer nor any of its directors, officers, employees or agents shall be under any liability to the Issuer or any
Securityholders for any action taken or for refraining from the taking of any action pursuant hereto, or for errors in judgment; provided, however, that this provision shall not protect the Servicer or any such Person against any liability that
would otherwise be imposed by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence in the performance of duties or by reason of reckless disregard of obligations and duties hereunder. The Servicer and any of its respective directors, officers,
employees or agents may rely in good faith on any document of any kind prima facie properly executed and submitted by any Person in respect of any matters arising under this Agreement.

(b)Except as provided herein, the Servicer shall not be under any obligation to appear in, prosecute or defend any legal action that
shall not be incidental to its duties to administer and service the Receivables in accordance with this Agreement, and that in its opinion may involve it in any expense or liability; provided, however, that the Servicer may undertake any reasonable
action that it may deem necessary or desirable in respect of this Agreement and the rights and duties of the parties to this Agreement and the interests of the Noteholders and the Certificateholders under this Agreement. In such event, the legal
expenses and costs of such action and any liability resulting therefrom shall be expenses, costs and liabilities of the Servicer.

Section 6.05. MBFS USA Not to Resign as Servicer. MBFS USA will not resign as Servicer under this Agreement except upon determination that the performance of its duties
under this Agreement is no longer permissible under Applicable Law. Prior to the effectiveness of such resignation, MBFS USA will deliver to the Depositor and the Trustees (i) notice of any such determination permitting the resignation of MBFS USA
as Servicer and (ii) an Opinion of Counsel to such effect. Any such resignation will become effective in accordance with Section 7.02.

32

Section 6.06. Servicer May Own Securities. The Servicer and any of its Affiliates may, in its individual or other capacity, become the owner or pledgee of Securities
with the same rights as it would have if it were not the Servicer or an Affiliate of the Servicer, except as otherwise expressly provided herein or in any other Basic Document (including in the definition of the terms Note Balance and
Outstanding). Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or in the other Basic Documents (including in the definition of the terms Note Balance and Outstanding), Securities so owned by or pledged to the Servicer or such Affiliate shall have
an equal and proportionate benefit under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Basic Documents, without preference, priority or distinction as among the Notes and the Certificates, as the case may be.

ARTICLE SEVEN

SERVICER TERMINATION EVENTS

Section 7.01. Servicer Termination Events. The occurrence of any one of the following events shall constitute an event of servicing termination hereunder (each, a
Servicer Termination Event):

(a) any failure by the Servicer to deliver to the Indenture Trustee the Investor Report for any Collection Period, which failure shall continue unremedied beyond the earlier of two Business Days
following the date such Investor Report was required to be delivered and the related Payment Date, or any failure by the Servicer to make any required payment or deposit under this Agreement, which failure shall continue unremedied beyond the earlier
of five Business Days following the date such payment or deposit was due or, in the case of a payment or deposit to be made no later than a Payment Date or the related Deposit Date, such Payment Date or Deposit Date, as applicable;

(b) any failure by the Servicer to duly observe or to perform in any material respect any other covenant or agreement of the Servicer set forth in this Agreement,
which failure shall materially and adversely affect the rights of the Depositor or the Noteholders and shall continue unremedied for a period of 60 days after the date on which written notice of such failure, requiring the same to be remedied,
shall have been given (i) to the Servicer by the Depositor or either Trustee or (ii) to the Depositor, the Servicer and the Trustees by the Holders of Notes evidencing not less than 25% of the Note Balance of the Notes (or, after the Notes have
been paid in full, the holders of Certificates evidencing not less than 25% of the aggregate Certificate Percentage Interests then outstanding);

33

(c) any representation or warranty of the Servicer made in this Agreement, or in any certificate delivered pursuant hereto or in connection herewith, other than
any representation or warranty relating to a Receivable that has been purchased by the Servicer, proving to have been incorrect in any material respect as of the time when the same shall have been made, and the circumstance or condition in respect
of which such representation or warranty was incorrect shall not have been eliminated or otherwise cured for a period of 30 days after the date on which written notice of such circumstance or condition, requiring the same to be eliminated or cured,
shall have been given (i) to the Servicer by the Depositor or either Trustee or (ii) to the Depositor, the Servicer and the Trustees by the Holders of Notes evidencing not less than 25% of the Note Balance of the Notes; or

(d) an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Servicer.

If a Servicer Termination Event shall have occurred and not have been remedied, either the Indenture Trustee or the Holders of Notes evidencing not less than 51% of the Note Balance of the Notes (or holders of
Certificates representing not less than 51% of the aggregate Certificate Percentage Interests outstanding if the Notes are no longer Outstanding), in each case by providing a Servicer Termination Notice to the Depositor, the Owner Trustee, the
Servicer and the Asset Representations Reviewer (and to the Indenture Trustee if given by the Noteholders) may terminate all the rights and obligations of the Servicer under this Agreement; provided, however, that the indemnification obligations of
the Servicer under Section 6.02 shall survive such termination.

On or after the receipt by the Servicer of a Servicer Termination Notice, all authority and power of the Servicer under this Agreement, whether with respect to the Notes, the Certificates, the Trust Property or
otherwise, shall, without further action, pass to and be vested in the Indenture Trustee or such Successor Servicer as may be appointed under Section 7.02; and, without limitation, the Trustees are hereby authorized and empowered to execute and
deliver, on behalf of the outgoing Servicer, as attorney-in-fact or otherwise, any and all documents and other instruments, and to do or accomplish all other acts or things necessary or appropriate to effect the purposes of such notice of
termination, whether to complete the transfer and endorsement of the Receivable Files or the certificates of title to the Financed Vehicles, or otherwise. The outgoing Servicer shall cooperate with the Trustees and such Successor Servicer in
effecting the termination of the responsibilities and rights of the outgoing Servicer under this Agreement, including the transfer to the Indenture Trustee or such Successor Servicer for administration by it of all cash amounts that shall at the time
be held by the outgoing Servicer for deposit, or have been deposited by the outgoing Servicer, in the Accounts or thereafter received with respect to the Receivables, all Receivable Files and all information or documents that the Indenture Trustee or
such Successor Servicer may require, and the Successor Servicer shall not be liable for any losses, claims, damages or expenses to the extent that it cannot perform its obligations hereunder due to the failure of the predecessor Servicer to so
deliver. In addition, the Servicer shall transfer its electronic records relating to the Receivables to the Successor Servicer in such electronic form as the Successor Servicer may reasonably request. All
Transition Costs shall be paid by the outgoing Servicer (or by the initial Servicer if the outgoing Servicer is the Indenture Trustee acting on an interim basis) upon presentation of reasonable documentation of such costs and expenses.

34

The Trustees shall have no obligation to notify the Noteholders, the Certificateholders or any other Person of the occurrence of any event specified in this Section prior to the continuance of such event through the end
of any cure period specified in this Section.

Section 7.02. Appointment of Successor Servicer. Upon the resignation of the Servicer pursuant to Section 6.05 or the termination of the Servicer pursuant to Section
7.01, the Indenture Trustee shall be the successor in all respects to the Servicer in its capacity as Servicer under this Agreement and shall be subject to all the obligations and duties placed on the Servicer by the terms and provisions of this
Agreement, and shall provide such information in writing as reasonably requested by the Depositor to allow the Depositor to comply with its Exchange Act reporting obligations with respect to the Indenture Trustee in its capacity as Successor
Servicer; provided, however, that the Indenture Trustee, as Successor Servicer, shall not, in any event, be required to make any Advances pursuant to Section 4.06 and shall have no obligations pursuant to Section 3.09 with respect to the fees and
expenses of the Trustees, the fees and expenses of the attorneys for the Trustees, the fees and expenses of any custodian appointed by the Trustees, the fees and expenses of Independent accountants or expenses incurred in connection with
distributions and reports to the Securityholders, nor shall it have any obligation for the payment of fees pursuant to Section 10.17. As compensation therefor, the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to such compensation (whether payable out of the
Collection Account or otherwise) as the Servicer would have been entitled to under this Agreement if no such resignation or termination had occurred, except that all collections on or in respect of the Receivables shall be deposited in the Collection
Account within two Business Days of receipt and shall not be retained by the Servicer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Indenture Trustee may, if it shall be unwilling so to act, or shall, if it is legally unable so to act, appoint, or petition a
court of competent jurisdiction to appoint, an Eligible Servicer as the successor to the terminated Servicer under this Agreement. In connection with such appointment, the Indenture Trustee may make such arrangements for the compensation of such
Successor Servicer out of Available Collections for each Payment Date as it and such successor shall agree; provided, however, that such compensation shall not be greater than that payable to MBFS USA as initial Servicer hereunder without the prior
consent of the Holders of Notes evidencing not less than 51% of the Note Balance of the Notes (or Holders of Certificates representing not less than 51% of the aggregate Certificate Percentage Interests then outstanding if the Notes are no longer
Outstanding). The Indenture Trustee and such successor shall take such action, consistent with this Agreement, as shall be necessary to effectuate any such succession, including providing such information in writing as reasonably requested by the
Depositor to allow the Depositor to comply with its Exchange Act reporting obligations with respect to such Successor Servicer. The Indenture Trustee shall not be relieved of its duties as Successor Servicer under this Section until a newly
appointed Servicer shall have assumed the obligations and duties of the terminated Servicer under this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event shall the Indenture Trustee be liable for any servicing fee or
for any differential in the amount of the servicing fee paid hereunder and the amount necessary to induce any Successor Servicer to act as Successor Servicer hereunder or the responsibilities of the Servicer set forth in Section 3.08 and 3.16.

35

Section 7.03. Effect of Servicing Transfer.

(a) After a transfer of servicing hereunder, the Indenture Trustee or Successor Servicer shall notify the Obligors to make directly to the Successor Servicer payments that are
due under the Receivables after the effective date of such transfer.

(b) Except as provided in Section 7.02, after a transfer of servicing hereunder, the outgoing Servicer shall have no further obligations with respect to the administration,
servicing, custody or collection of the Receivables and the Successor Servicer shall have all of such obligations, except that the outgoing Servicer will transmit or cause to be transmitted directly to the Successor Servicer for its own account,
promptly on receipt and in the same form in which received, any amounts or items held by the outgoing Servicer (properly endorsed where required for the Successor Servicer to collect any such items) received as payments upon or otherwise in
connection with the Receivables.

(c) Any Successor Servicer shall provide the Depositor with access to the Receivable Files and to the Successor Servicers records (whether written or automated) with respect
to the Receivable Files. Such access shall be afforded without charge, but only upon reasonable request and during normal business hours at the offices of the Successor Servicer. Nothing in this Section shall affect the obligation of a Successor
Servicer to observe any Applicable Law prohibiting disclosure of information regarding the Obligors, and the failure of the Servicer to provide access to information as a result of such obligation shall not constitute a breach of this Section.

(d) Any transfer of servicing hereunder shall not constitute an assumption by the related Successor Servicer of any liability of the related outgoing Servicer arising out of
any breach by such outgoing Servicer of such outgoing Servicers duties hereunder prior to such transfer of servicing.

Section 7.04. Notification to Noteholders and Rating Agencies. Upon written notice of a Servicer Termination Event or upon any termination of, or any appointment of a
successor to, the Servicer pursuant to this Article, the Indenture Trustee shall give prompt written notice thereof to the Noteholders, the Rating Agencies and the Asset Representations Reviewer.

Section 7.05. Waiver of Past Servicer Termination Events. The Noteholders evidencing not less than 51% of the Note Balance of the Notes may, on behalf of all
Noteholders, waive any Servicer Termination Event and its consequences, except an event resulting from the failure to make any required deposits to or payments from the Accounts in accordance with this Agreement. Upon any such waiver of a Servicer
Termination Event, such event shall cease to exist, and shall be deemed to have been remedied for every purpose of this Agreement. No such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other event or impair any right arising therefrom, except to the
extent expressly so waived.

Section 7.06. Repayment of Advances. If the identity of the Servicer shall change, the outgoing Servicer shall be entitled to receive reimbursement for outstanding and
unreimbursed Advances made pursuant to Section 4.06 by the outgoing Servicer.

36

ARTICLE EIGHT

TERMINATION

Section 8.01. Optional Purchase of All Receivables.

(a) If, as of the last day of any Collection Period, the Pool Balance shall be less than or equal to 5% of the Cutoff Date Pool Balance, the Servicer shall have the option to
purchase on the following Payment Date the Trust Estate, other than the Accounts. To exercise such option, the Servicer shall notify the Depositor, the Trustees and the Rating Agencies, not fewer than ten nor more than 30 days prior to the Payment
Date on which such repurchase is to be effected and shall deposit into the Collection Account on the related Deposit Date an amount equal to the aggregate Purchase Amount for the Receivables (including Receivables that became Defaulted Receivables
during the related Collection Period), less the Reserve Fund Amount, which funds shall be transferred from the Reserve Fund into the Collection Account. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Servicer shall not be permitted to exercise such option
unless the amount to be deposited in the Collection Account (together with amounts on deposit in the Reserve Fund and the Collection Account) pursuant to this Section is at least equal to the sum of all amounts due to the Servicer under this
Agreement plus the Note Balance plus all accrued but unpaid interest (including any overdue interest) on the Notes plus all amounts due to the Servicer for any outstanding and unreimbursed Advances and Nonrecoverable Advances plus all accrued but
unpaid Total Trustee Fees and Asset Representations Reviewer Fees. Upon such payment, the Seller shall succeed to and own all interests in and to the Issuer. The aggregate amount so deposited in respect of such Payment Date, plus, to the extent
necessary, all amounts in the Reserve Fund, if any, shall be used to make payments in full to the Noteholders in the manner set forth in Article Four.

(b) Following the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture and the payment in full of the principal of and interest on the Notes, the Certificateholders shall succeed to the
rights of the Noteholders hereunder and under the other Basic Documents and the Indenture Trustee shall continue to carry out its obligations hereunder with respect to the Certificateholders, including making distributions from the Collection
Account in accordance with Section 4.08(c) and making withdrawals from the Reserve Fund in accordance with Sections 4.02 and 4.07. Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture, the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to the
rights and protections of the Indenture Trustee contained therein in connection with the performance of its duties hereunder (including Article Six of the Indenture).

Section 8.02. Termination. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of (i) the maturity or
liquidation of the latest maturing Receivable and the disposition of any amounts received thereon in accordance with Section 2.08 of the Indenture, (ii) the payment to the Securityholders of all amounts required to be paid to them under the Basic
Documents and (iii) the exercise by the Servicer of its rights under Section 8.01, the deposit into the Collection Account by the Servicer of the amount required to be deposited therein in accordance with Section 8.01 and the application of such
amounts in accordance with Section 2.08 of the Indenture.

37

ARTICLE NINE

EXCHANGE ACT REPORTING

Section 9.01. Further Assurances. The Indenture Trustee and the Servicer shall reasonably cooperate with the Depositor in connection with the satisfaction of the
Depositors reporting requirements under the Exchange Act with respect to the Issuer. The Depositor shall not exercise its right to request delivery of information or other performance under these provisions other than in good faith. In addition to
the other information specified in this Article, if so requested by the Depositor for the purpose of satisfying its reporting obligation under the Exchange Act, the Indenture Trustee and the Servicer shall provide the Depositor with (i) such
information which is available to such Person without unreasonable effort or expense and within such timeframe as may be reasonably requested by the Depositor to comply with the Depositors reporting obligations under the Exchange Act and (ii) to the
extent such Person is a party (and the Depositor is not a party) to any agreement or amendment required to be filed, copies of such agreement or amendment in EDGAR-compatible form. Each of the Servicer and the Indenture Trustee acknowledges that
interpretations of the requirements of Regulation AB may change over time, whether due to interpretive guidance provided by the Commission or its staff, consensus among participants in the asset-backed securities markets, advice of counsel, or
otherwise, and agrees to comply with requests made by the Depositor in good faith for delivery of information under these provisions on the basis of evolving interpretations of Regulation AB.

Section 9.02. Form 10-D Filings. So long as the Depositor is required to file Exchange Act Reports with respect to the Issuer, no later than each Determination Date,
each of the Indenture Trustee and the Servicer shall notify (and the Servicer shall cause any subservicer to notify) the Depositor of any Form 10-D Disclosure Item with respect to such Person (or in the case of the Indenture Trustee, a Responsible
Officer of such Person), together with a description of any such Form 10-D Disclosure Item in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Depositor. In addition to such information as the Servicer is obligated to provide pursuant to other
provisions of this Agreement, if so requested by the Depositor, the Servicer shall provide such information which is available to the Servicer, without unreasonable effort or expense regarding the performance or servicing of the Receivables as is
reasonably required to facilitate preparation of distribution reports in accordance with Item 1121 of Regulation AB. Such information shall be provided concurrently with the statements to Securityholders pursuant to Section 4.09, commencing with the
first such report due not less than five Business Days following such request.

Section 9.03. Form 8-K Filings. So long as the Depositor is required to file Exchange Act Reports with respect to the Issuer, each of the Indenture Trustee and the
Servicer shall promptly notify the Depositor, but in no event later than two Business Days after its occurrence, of any Reportable Event of which such Person (or in the case of the Indenture Trustee, a Responsible Officer of such Person) has actual
knowledge. Each Person shall be deemed to have actual knowledge of any such event to the extent that it relates to such Person or any action or failure to act by such Person.

38

Section 9.04. Form 10-K Filings. So long as the Depositor is required to file Exchange Act Reports, (i) if the Item 1119 Parties listed on Schedule A have changed since
the Closing Date, no later than February 1 of each year, commencing in 2026, the Depositor shall provide the Indenture Trustee and the Servicer with an updated Schedule A setting forth the Item 1119 Parties and (ii) no later than March 15 of each
year, commencing in 2026, the Indenture Trustee and the Servicer shall notify the Depositor of any Form 10-K Disclosure Item, together with a description of any such Form 10-K Disclosure Item in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the
Depositor.

Section 9.05. Report on Assessment of Compliance and Attestation. So long as the Depositor is required to file Exchange Act Reports, on or before March 15 of each
calendar year, commencing in 2026:

(a) The Indenture Trustee shall deliver to the Depositor and the Servicer the Servicing Criteria Assessment. Such report shall be signed by an authorized officer of the Indenture Trustee and shall
at a minimum address each of the Servicing Criteria specified on a certification substantially in the form of Part I of Schedule B hereto delivered to the Depositor concurrently with the execution of this Agreement (provided that such certification
may be revised after the date of this Agreement as agreed by the Depositor and the Indenture Trustee to reflect any guidance with respect to such criteria from the Commission). To the extent any of the Servicing Criteria are not applicable to the
Indenture Trustee, with respect to asset-backed securities transactions taken as a whole involving the Indenture Trustee and that are backed by the same asset type backing the Notes, such report shall include such a statement to that effect. The
Indenture Trustee acknowledges and agrees that the Depositor and the Servicer with respect to its duties as the Certifying Person, and each of their respective officers and directors shall be entitled to rely upon each such Servicing Criteria
Assessment and the attestation delivered pursuant to Section 9.05(b).

(b) The Indenture Trustee shall deliver to the Depositor and the Servicer a report of a registered public accounting firm that attests to, and reports on, the assessment of compliance made by the
Indenture Trustee and delivered pursuant to the preceding paragraph. Such attestation shall be in accordance with Rules 13a18 and 15d-18 of the Exchange Act (or any successor provisions), Rules 1-02(a)(3) and 2-02(g) of Regulation S-X (or any
successor provisions) under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including, in the event that an overall opinion cannot be expressed, a statement by such registered public accounting firm in such report as to why it was unable to express such an
opinion. Such report must be available for general use and not contain restricted use language.

(c) In the event the Indenture Trustee is terminated or resigns during the term of this Agreement, such Person shall provide the documents and information pursuant to this Section with respect to
the period of time it was subject to this Agreement or provided services with respect to the Issuer or the Receivables.

39

Section 9.06. Back-up Sarbanes-Oxley Certification.

(a) No later than March 15 of each year, beginning in 2026, the Servicer shall provide the Performance Certification to the Certifying Person as Schedule C (in the case of the
Servicer), in each case on which the Certification Parties can reasonably rely; provided that so long as the Servicer is an Affiliate of the Depositor, the Servicer may, but is not required to deliver the Performance Certificate.

(b) The Depositor will not request delivery of a certification under this Section unless the Depositor is required under the Exchange Act to file an annual report on Form 10-K
with respect to the Issuer. In the event that prior to the filing date of the Form 10-K in March of each year, the Servicer has actual knowledge of information material to the Sarbanes-Oxley Certification, the Servicer shall promptly notify the
Depositor.

Section 9.07. Representations and Warranties. As of the Closing Date, the Indenture Trustee represents that:

(i) there are no affiliations relating to the Indenture Trustee with respect to any Item 1119 Party;

(ii) there are no relationships or transactions with respect to any Item 1119 Party and the Indenture Trustee that are outside the ordinary course of business or
on terms other than would be obtained in an arms-length transaction with an unrelated third party, apart from the transactions contemplated under the Basic Documents, and that are material to the investors understanding of the Notes; and

(iii) except as disclosed in the Prospectus, there are no legal Proceedings pending, or known to be contemplated by Governmental Authorities, against the Indenture
Trustee, or of which the property of the Indenture Trustee is subject, that is material to the Noteholders.

Section 9.08. Indemnification.

(a) Each of the Indenture Trustee and the Servicer (if the Servicer is not MBFS USA) shall indemnify the Depositor, the Servicer (if MBFS USA is the Servicer) with respect to
its duties as Certifying Person and each Person who controls any of such parties (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act) and the respective present and former directors, officers, employees and
agents of each of the foregoing, and shall hold each of them harmless from and against any losses, damages, penalties, fines, forfeitures, legal fees and expenses and related costs, judgments, and any other costs, fees and expenses that any of them
may sustain arising out of or based upon:

(i) (A) any untrue statement of a material fact contained or alleged to be contained in the Provided Information or (B) the omission or alleged omission to state
in the Provided Information a material fact required to be stated in the Provided Information, or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, by way of
clarification, that clause (B) shall be construed solely by reference to the related Provided Information and not to any other information communicated in connection with a sale or purchase of securities, without regard to whether the Provided
Information or any portion thereof is presented together with or separately from such other information; or

40

(ii) with respect to the Indenture Trustee, any failure by the Indenture Trustee to deliver any Servicing Criteria Assessment when and as required under this
Article and with respect to the Servicer, any failure by the Servicer to deliver any information, report, certification, accountants letter or other material when and as required under Section 3.11 or 3.12 or this Article, as applicable.

(b) In the case of any failure of performance described in Section 9.08(a)(ii), each of the Indenture Trustee and the Servicer shall promptly reimburse the Depositor for all
costs reasonably incurred by each such party in order to obtain the information, report, certification, accountants letter or other material not delivered as required by the Indenture Trustee or the Servicer, as applicable.

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event shall the Indenture Trustee be liable for special, indirect, punitive or consequential damages of any
kind whatsoever, including lost profits, even if the Indenture Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action.

ARTICLE TEN

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 10.01. Amendment.

(a) This Agreement may be amended from time to time by the parties hereto without the consent of any Securityholder to cure any ambiguity or mistake, to correct or supplement
any provision in this Agreement that may be inconsistent with any other provisions in this Agreement or the Prospectus or to add, change or eliminate any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Agreement; provided,
however, that no such amendment (i) may materially adversely affect the interests of any Noteholder and (ii) will be permitted unless an Opinion of Counsel is delivered to the Depositor and the Trustees to the effect that such amendment will not
cause the Issuer to be characterized for United States federal income tax purposes as an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation or cause the Notes to be characterized other than as indebtedness for United States federal
income tax purposes. Any amendment which affects the Owner Trustee, however, shall require the Owner Trustees written consent.

41

(b) This Agreement may also be amended from time to time by the parties hereto, with the consent of the Indenture Trustee and the Holders of Notes evidencing at least 66% of
the Note Balance of the Notes (or if the Notes are no longer Outstanding, Holders of Certificates evidencing not less than 51% of the aggregate Certificate Percentage Interests), for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner
or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement, or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Securityholders; provided, however, that no such amendment (i) will be permitted unless an Opinion of Counsel is delivered to the Depositorand the Trustees to the effect that such amendment will not cause the Issuer to be characterized for United States federal income tax purposes as an
association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation or cause the Notes to be characterized other than as indebtedness for United States federal income tax purposes and (ii) may (A) increase or reduce in any manner the amount of, or
accelerate or delay the timing of, or change the allocation or priority of, collections of payments on or in respect of the Receivables or distributions that are required to be made for the benefit of the Noteholders or change any Interest Rate or
the Reserve Fund Required Amount without the consent of 100% of the Holders of Notes then Outstanding or (B) reduce the percentage of the Note Balance of the Notes, or of the Certificate Percentage Interest, the consent of the Noteholders or the
Certificateholders, respectively, of which is required for any amendment to this Agreement without the consent of 100% of the Holders of the Notes then Outstanding or of the Certificates, respectively. Any amendment which affects the Owner
Trustee, however, shall require the Owner Trustees written consent.

(c) An amendment to this Agreement shall be deemed not to materially adversely affect the interests of any Noteholder if (i) the Person requesting such amendment obtains and
delivers to the Trustees an Opinion of Counsel or an Officers Certificate of the Issuer to that effect and (ii) the Rating Agency Condition has been satisfied with respect to such amendment.

(d) Prior to the execution of any amendment pursuant to this Section, the Servicer shall provide written notification of the substance of such amendment to each Rating Agency.

(e) Promptly after the execution of any amendment pursuant to Section 10.01(b), the Owner Trustee shall furnish written notification of the substance of such amendment or
consent to each Certificateholder. It shall not be necessary for the consent of the Noteholders pursuant to Section 10.01(b) to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment, but it shall be sufficient if such consent shall approve the
substance thereof. The manner of obtaining such consents (and any other consents of the Noteholders provided for in this Agreement) and of evidencing the authorization of the execution thereof by the Noteholders shall be subject to such reasonable
requirements as the Trustees may prescribe.

(f) Prior to the execution of any amendment pursuant to this Section, the Depositor and the Trustees shall be entitled to receive and rely upon an Opinion of Counsel stating
that the execution of such amendment is authorized or permitted by this Agreement and that all conditions precedent provided for in this Agreement to the execution of such amendment have been complied with in all material respects. Each Trustee
may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such amendment which affects its rights, duties or immunities under this Agreement.

(g) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section, in the event the parties to this Agreement desire to further clarify or amend any provision of Article Nine, or
subject to Section 9.05(a), the information contained in Schedule B, this Agreement shall be amended to reflect the new agreement between the parties covering matters in Article Nine, pursuant to Section 9.01, or Schedule B; provided, however, that
(i) such amendment will not require any Opinion of Counsel or the satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition with respect to such amendment, (ii) an Officers Certificate of the Servicer that such amendment is in accordance with the terms of this
agreement shall be provided to the Indenture Trustee and (iii) the Servicer shall have given written notice to the Rating Agencies not fewer than ten days prior to the effectiveness of any such amendment.

42

(h) Notwithstanding anything under this Section 10.01 of this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document to the contrary, to the extent permitted by the TIA, this
Agreement may be amended by the Seller and Servicer without the consent of the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, any Noteholder or any other Person and without satisfying any other provision in this Section 10.01 or any
other Transaction Document solely in connection with any SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or, following the determination of a Benchmark Replacement, any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes to be made by the Administrator; provided, that the Issuer has delivered notice of such amendment to the Rating Agencies on or prior to the date such amendment is executed; provided, further,
that any such SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or any such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes shall not affect the rights, indemnities or obligations of the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee without the Owner Trustees or the Indenture
Trustees consent, respectively. For the avoidance of doubt, any SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in any amendment to this Agreement may be retroactive (including retroactive to the Benchmark
Replacement Date) and this Agreement may be amended more than once in connection with any SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes.

Section 10.02. Protection of Title to Issuer.

(a) The Depositor or the Servicer, or both, shall authorize and file such financing statements and cause to be authorized and filed such continuation statements, all in such
manner and in such places as may be required by Applicable Law fully to preserve, maintain and protect the interest of the Issuer and of the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders in the Receivables and in the proceeds thereof. The
Depositor or the Servicer, or both, shall deliver (or cause to be delivered) to the Trustees file-stamped copies of, or filing receipts for, any document filed as provided above, as soon as available following such filing.

(b) Neither the Depositor nor the Servicer shall change its name, identity or organizational structure in any manner that would make any financing statement or continuation
statement filed in accordance with Section 10.02(a) seriously misleading within the meaning of Section 9506 of the UCC, unless it shall have given the Trustees at least 30 days prior written notice thereof and shall have promptly filed such
amendments to previously filed financing statements or continuation statements or such new financing statements as may be necessary to continue the perfection of the interest of the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the
Noteholders in the Receivables and the proceeds thereof.

(c) Each of the Seller, the Depositor and the Servicer shall give the Trustees at least 30 days prior written notice of any change in its name, identity, organizational
structure or jurisdiction of organization or any relocation of its principal place of business or chief executive office if, as a result of such change or relocation, the applicable provisions of the UCC would require the filing of any amendment to
any previously filed financing statement or continuation statement or of any new financing statement and shall promptly file any such amendment, continuation statement or new financing statement. The Depositor shall at all times maintain its
jurisdiction of organization, its principal place of business and its chief executive office within the United States. The Servicer shall at all times maintain each office from which it shall service Receivables, and each office at which the
Receivable Files are located, within the United States.

43

(d) The Servicer shall maintain accounts and records as to each Receivable accurately and in sufficient detail to permit (i) the reader thereof to know at any time the status
of such Receivable, including payments and recoveries made and payments owing (and the nature of each) and (ii) reconciliation between payments or recoveries on (or with respect to) each Receivable and the amounts from time to time deposited in the
Collection Account in respect of such Receivable.

(e) The Servicer shall maintain its computer systems so that, from and after the time of transfer of the Receivables to the Issuer pursuant to this Agreement, the Servicers
master computer records (including any back-up archives) that refer to a Receivable shall indicate clearly and unambiguously the interest of the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee in such Receivable and that such Receivable is owned by the Issuer and
has been pledged to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture. Indication of the Issuers and the Indenture Trustees interest in a Receivable shall be deleted from or modified on the Servicers computer systems when, and only when, such
Receivable shall have been paid in full or repurchased by the Seller or purchased by the Servicer.

(f) If at any time the Depositor or the Servicer shall propose to sell, grant a security interest in, or otherwise transfer any interest in any motor vehicle installment sales
or installment loans contract to any prospective purchaser, lender or other transferee, the Servicer shall give to such prospective purchaser, lender or other transferee computer tapes, CDs, records or printouts (including any restored from back-up
archives) that, if they shall refer in any manner whatsoever to any Receivable, shall indicate clearly and unambiguously that such Receivable has been sold and is owned by the Issuer and has been pledged to the Indenture Trustee (unless such
Receivable has been paid in full or repurchased by the Seller or purchased by the Servicer).

(g) The Servicer shall permit the Trustees and their respective agents at any time during normal business hours, upon reasonable prior notice, to inspect, audit and make copies
of and abstracts from the Servicers records regarding any Receivable.

(h) If the Seller has repurchased one or more Receivables from the Issuer pursuant to Section 2.05 or the Servicer has purchased one or more Receivables from the Issuer
pursuant to Section 3.08, the Servicer shall, upon request, furnish to the Owner Trustee or to the Indenture Trustee, within ten Business Days, a list of all Receivables (by contract number) then held as part of the Issuer, together with a
reconciliation of such list to the Schedule of Receivables (as amended or supplemented to date) and to each of the Investor Reports furnished before such request indicating removal of Receivables from the Issuer.

(i) The Servicer shall deliver to the Depositorand the Trustees,
promptly after the authorization and delivery of each amendment to any financing statement delivered pursuant to this Agreement, an Opinion of Counsel stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, either (A) all financing statements and
continuation statements have been authorized and filed that are necessary fully to preserve and protect the interest of the Depositor (in the case of an opinion delivered by the Servicer) or the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee (in the case of an
opinion delivered by the Depositor) in the Receivables, and reciting the details of such filings or referring to prior Opinions of Counsel in which such details are given, or (B) no such action shall be necessary to preserve and protect such
interest.

44

(j) The Depositor shall, to the extent required by Applicable Law, cause the Notes to be registered with the Commission pursuant to Section 12(b) or Section 12(g) of the
Exchange Act within the time periods specified in such Sections.

Section 10.03. Notices. Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, all notices, requests, demands, consents, waivers or other communications to or from the parties
to this Agreement will be in writing. Notices, requests, demands, consents and other communications will be deemed to have been given and made, (i) upon delivery or, in the case of a letter mailed via registered first class mail, postage prepaid,
three days after deposit in the mail and (ii) in the case of (a) a facsimile, when receipt is confirmed by telephone or by reply e-mail or reply facsimile from the recipient, (b) an e-mail, when receipt is confirmed by telephone or by reply email
from the recipient and (c) an electronic posting to a password-protected website, upon printed confirmation of the recipients access to such password-protected website, or when notification of such electronic posting is confirmed in accordance with
clauses (ii)(b) through (ii)(c) above. Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, any such notice, request, demand, consent or other communication will be delivered or addressed, in the case of (i) the Depositor, at 35555 W. Twelve Mile Road,
Suite 100, Farmington Hills, Michigan 48331, Attention: Michelle D. Spreitzer (e-mail: michelle.d.spreitzer@mercedes-benz.com, telecopier: (817) 224-3587), (ii) the Seller, at 35555 W. Twelve Mile Road, Suite 100, Farmington Hills, Michigan 48331,
Attention: Steven C. Poling (e-mail: steven.c.poling@mercedes-benz.com, telecopier: (817) 224-3587), (iii) the Servicer, at 35555 W. Twelve Mile Road, Suite 100, Farmington Hills, Michigan 48331, Attention: Steven C. Poling (e-mail:
steven.c.poling@mercedes-benz.com, telecopier: (817) 224-3587), (iv) the Issuer or the Owner Trustee, at the Corporate Trust Office (e-mail: acooper2@wilmingtontrust.com, telecopier: (302) 636-4140) and (v) the Indenture Trustee, at the Corporate
Trust Office (e-mail: melissa.rosal@usbank.com and e-mail: juan.hernandez3@usbank.com, telecopier: (312) 332-7996 and (312) 416-6525), (vi) to each Rating Agency, as applicable, in the case of (a) Moodys, at
Moodys Investors Services, Inc., 7 World Trade Center, 250 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10007 (e-mail: ABSSurveillance@moodys.com) and (b) Fitch, at Fitch Ratings, Inc., 33 Whitehall Street, New York, New York 10004, Attention: ABS
Surveillance (email: surveillance-abs-auto@fitchratings.com., (vii) the Asset Representations Reviewer, at Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC, 720 S. Colorado Blvd., Suite 200, Glendale, Colorado 80246, Attention:
Legal (e mail: ARRNotices@clayton.com); or as to each of the foregoing, at such other address as shall be designated by written notice to the other entities.

Section 10.04. Assignment.

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, except as provided in the remainder of this Section or as provided in Sections 6.03 and 7.02, this Agreement may
not be assigned by the Depositor or the Servicer without the prior written consent of the Trustees and the Holders of Notes evidencing at least 66% of the Note Balance of the Notes.

45

(b) The Depositor hereby acknowledges and consents to the mortgage, pledge, assignment and grant of a security interest by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the
Indenture for the benefit of the Noteholders of all right, title and interest of the Issuer in, to and under the Trust Property and the assignment of any or all of the Issuers rights and obligations hereunder to the Indenture Trustee.

Section 10.05. Severability. If any one or more of the covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of this Agreement is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then such
covenants, agreements, provisions or terms will be deemed severable from the remaining covenants, agreements, provisions and terms of this Agreement and will in no way affect the validity, legality or enforceability of the other covenants,
agreements, provisions and terms of this Agreement.

Section 10.06. Further Assurances. The Servicer agrees to do and perform any and all acts and to execute any and all further instruments required or reasonably
requested by the other parties hereto to more fully effect the purposes of this Agreement, including the execution of any financing statements or continuation statements relating to the Trust Estate for filing under the provisions of the UCC of any
applicable jurisdiction.

Section 10.07. No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Depositor, either Trustee, the Noteholders or the
Certificateholders, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder, shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the
exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided in this Agreement are cumulative and not exhaustive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law.

Section 10.08. Successors and Assigns; Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties to this Agreement, the
Owner Trustee and their respective assigns. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, no other Person will have any right or obligation under this Agreement.

Section 10.09. Actions by Securityholders.

(a) Wherever in this Agreement a provision is made that an action may be taken or a notice, demand or instruction given by the Noteholders or the Certificateholders, such
action, notice or instruction may be taken or given by any Noteholder or any Certificateholder, as applicable, unless such provision requires a specific percentage of the Noteholders or the Certificateholders.

(b) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other act by a Securityholder shall bind such Securityholder and every subsequent Holder of the
related Security issued upon the registration of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof in respect of anything done or omitted to be done by either Trustee or the Servicer in reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such
action is made upon such Security.

46

Section 10.10. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will be an original, and all of which will together constitute
one and the same instrument.

Section 10.11. Table of Contents and Headings. The Table of Contents and the various headings in this Agreement are included for convenience only and will not affect
the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement.

Section 10.12.GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHERWISE APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS (OTHER THAN SECTIONS 51401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW), AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF
THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

Section 10.13.WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH OF
THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO HAVE A JURY PARTICIPATE IN RESOLVING ANY DISPUTE, WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE BETWEEN THE PARTIES HERETO ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED WITH, RELATED TO OR INCIDENTAL TO THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN
ANY OF THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. INSTEAD, ANY SUCH DISPUTE RESOLVED IN COURT WILL BE RESOLVED IN A BENCH TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY.

Section 10.14. No Petition. Each of the Seller, the Servicer and the Trustees covenants and agrees that it will not at any time institute against, or join any Person in
instituting against, the Issuer or the Depositor any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation Proceedings, or other Proceedings under any Insolvency Law in connection with any obligations relating to any of the Basic
Documents and agrees that it will not cooperate with or encourage others to file a bankruptcy petition against the Issuer during the same period.

Section 10.15. No Recourse. It is expressly understood and agreed by the parties hereto that (i) this Agreement is executed and delivered by the Owner Trustee, not
individually or personally but solely as Owner Trustee, in the exercise of the powers and authority conferred and vested in it, (ii) each of the representations, undertakings and agreements herein made on the part of the Issuer is made and intended
not as a personal representation, undertaking or agreements by the Owner Trustee but is made and intended for the purpose of binding only the Issuer, (iii) nothing herein contained shall be construed as creating any liability on the Owner Trustee,
individually or personally, to perform any covenant either expressed or implied contained herein, all such liability, if any, being expressly waived by the parties hereto and by any Person claiming by, through or under the parties hereto, (iv) the
Owner Trustee has not verified and has made no investigation as to the accuracy or completeness of any representations or warranties made by the Issuer hereunder and (v) under no circumstances shall the Owner Trustee be personally liable for the
payment of any indebtedness or expenses of the Issuer or be liable for the breach or failure of any obligation, representation, warranty or covenant made or undertaken by the Issuer under this Agreement or any other related documents.

47

Section 10.16. Electronic Signatures. Any signature (including any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted
by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record) hereto or to any other certificate, agreement or document related to this Agreement, and any contract formation or record-keeping through electronic means shall have
the same legal validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based recordkeeping system to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce
Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act or any similar State law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided, however, that any documentation with respect to transfer of the Notes or other securities presented to
the Indenture Trustee or any transfer agent must contain original documents with manually executed signatures.

Section 10.17. Servicer Payment Obligation. The Servicer shall be responsible for the payment of all fees and expenses of the Issuer and the Trustees paid by any of
them in connection with any of their obligations under the Basic Documents to obtain or maintain or cause to be obtained or maintained any required license under the (i) Maryland Vehicle Sales Finance Act or (ii) Pennsylvania Motor Vehicle Sales
Finance Act.

48

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Sale and Servicing Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers, thereunto duly authorized, as of the day and year first above written.

MERCEDES-BENZ AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1

By: 

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee on behalf of the Issuer

By: 

/s/ Matthew Jorjorian

Name: Matthew Jorjorian 

Title: Vice President

MERCEDES-BENZ RETAIL RECEIVABLES LLC, as Depositor

By: /s/ Susan Sinclair 

Name: Susan Sinclair

Title: Vice President

MERCEDES-BENZ FINANCIAL SERVICES USA LLC, as Servicer and as Seller

By: /s/ Susan Sinclair 

Name: Susan Sinclair

Title: Vice President

Agreed and Accepted: 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Indenture Trustee 

By: 

/s/ Juan S. Hernandez 

Name: Juan S. Hernandez

Title: Vice President

SCHEDULE A

ITEM 1119 PARTIES

Depositor

Seller

Servicer

Indenture Trustee

Owner Trustee

Asset Representations Reviewer

SA-1

SCHEDULE B

SERVICING AND DISCLOSURE ITEMS

Schedule B

Part I Servicing Criteria (To Be Addressed in the Report on Assessment of Compliance)

The assessment of compliance to be delivered by the Servicer shall address the criteria identified below as Applicable Servicing Criteria:

Reg AB Reference 

Servicing Criteria 

Applicable Servicing

Criteria 

Responsible Party

General Servicing Considerations 

1122(d)(1)(i) 

Policies and procedures are instituted to monitor any performance or other triggers and events of default in accordance with the transaction agreements. 

Servicer

1122(d)(1)(ii) 

If any material servicing activities are outsourced to third parties, policies and procedures are instituted to monitor the third partys performance and compliance with such servicing activities. 

Servicer

1122(d)(1)(iii) 

Any requirements in the transaction agreements to maintain a back-up Servicer for the Pool Assets are maintained. 

N/A

1122(d)(1)(iv) 

A fidelity bond and errors and omissions policy is in effect on the party participating in the servicing function throughout the reporting period in the amount of coverage required by and otherwise in accordance with the terms of the
transaction agreements. 

N/A 

1122(d)(1)(v) 

Aggregation of information, as applicable, is mathematically accurate and the information conveyed accurately reflects the information. 

Servicer

Cash Collection and Administration 

1122(d)(2)(i) 

Payments on pool assets are deposited into the appropriate custodial bank accounts and related bank clearing accounts no more than two business days following receipt and identification, or such other number of days specified in the
transaction agreements. 

Servicer

1122(d)(2)(ii) 

Disbursements made via wire transfer on behalf of an obligor or to an investor are made only by authorized personnel. 

N/A for Obligor disbursements.

Servicer

1122(d)(2)(iii) 

Advances of funds or guarantees regarding collections, cash flows or distributions, and any interest or other fees charged for such advances, are made, reviewed and approved as specified in the transaction agreements. 

Servicer

1122(d)(2)(iv) 

The related accounts for the transaction, such as cash reserve accounts or accounts established as a form of over collateralization, are separately maintained (e.g., with respect to commingling of cash) as set forth in the transaction
agreements. 

Servicer

Indenture Trustee

SB-1

Reg AB Reference 

Servicing Criteria 

Applicable Servicing

Criteria 

Responsible Party

1122(d)(2)(v) 

Each custodial account is maintained at a federally insured depository institution as set forth in the transaction agreements. For purposes of this criterion, federally insured depository institution with respect to a foreign financial
institution means a foreign financial institution that meets the requirements of Rule 13k-1(b)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act. 

Indenture Trustee

1122(d)(2)(vi) 

Unissued checks are safeguarded so as to prevent unauthorized access. 

N/A 

1122(d)(2)(vii) 

Reconciliations are prepared on a monthly basis for all asset-backed securities related bank accounts, including custodial accounts and related bank clearing accounts. These reconciliations are (A) mathematically accurate; (B) prepared
within 30 calendar days after the bank statement cutoff date, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements; (C) reviewed and approved by someone other than the person who prepared the reconciliation; and (D) contain
explanations for reconciling items. These reconciling items are resolved within 90 calendar days of their original identification, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

Servicer Indenture Trustee

Investor Remittances and Reporting 

1122(d)(3)(i) 

Reports to investors, including those to be filed with the Commission, are maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable Commission requirements. Specifically, such reports (A) are prepared in accordance with
timeframes and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements; (B) provide information calculated in accordance with the terms specified in the transaction agreements; (C) are filed with the Commission as required by its rules and
regulations; and (D) agree with investors or the trustees records as to the total unpaid principal balance and number of Pool Assets serviced by the Servicer. 

Servicer

1122(d)(3)(ii) 

Amounts due to investors are allocated and remitted in accordance with timeframes, distribution priority and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements. 

Servicer

1122(d)(3)(iii) 

Disbursements made to an investor are posted within two business days to the Servicers investor records, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

Servicer Indenture Trustee

1122(d)(3)(iv) 

Amounts remitted to investors per the investor reports agree with cancelled checks, or other form of payment, or custodial bank statements. 

Servicer

SB-2

Reg AB Reference 

Servicing Criteria 

Applicable Servicing

Criteria 

Responsible Party

Pool Asset Administration 

1122(d)(4)(i) 

Collateral or security on pool assets is maintained as required by the transaction agreements or related pool asset documents. 

Servicer

1122(d)(4)(ii) 

Pool assets and related documents are safeguarded as required by the transaction agreements 

Servicer

1122(d)(4)(iii) 

Any additions, removals or substitutions to the asset pool are made, reviewed and approved in accordance with any conditions or requirements in the transaction agreements. 

Servicer

1122(d)(4)(iv) 

Payments on pool assets, including any payoffs, made in accordance with the related pool asset documents are posted to the Servicers obligor records maintained no more than two business days after receipt and identification, or such other
number of days specified in the transaction agreements, and allocated to principal, interest or other items (e.g., escrow) in accordance with the related pool asset documents. 

Servicer

1122(d)(4)(v) 

The Servicers records regarding the pool assets agree with the Servicers records with respect to an obligors unpaid principal balance. 

Servicer

1122(d)(4)(vi) 

Changes with respect to the terms or status of an obligors pool assets (e.g., loan modifications or re-agings) are made, reviewed and approved by authorized personnel in accordance with the transaction agreements and related pool asset
documents. 

Servicer

1122(d)(4)(vii) 

Loss mitigation or recovery actions (e.g., forbearance plans, modifications and deeds in lieu of foreclosure, foreclosures and repossessions, as applicable) are initiated, conducted and concluded in accordance with the timeframes or other
requirements established by the transaction agreements. 

Servicer

1122(d)(4)(viii) 

Records documenting collection efforts are maintained during the period a pool asset is delinquent in accordance with the transaction agreements. Such records are maintained on at least a monthly basis, or such other period specified in
the transaction agreements, and describe the entitys activities in monitoring delinquent pool assets including, for example, phone calls, letters and payment rescheduling plans in cases where delinquency is deemed temporary (e.g., illness or
unemployment). 

Servicer

1122(d)(4)(ix) 

Adjustments to interest rates or rates of return for pool assets with variable rates are computed based on the related pool asset documents. 

N/A 

SB-3

Reg AB Reference 

Servicing Criteria 

Applicable Servicing

Criteria 

Responsible Party

1122(d)(4)(x) 

Regarding any funds held in trust for an obligor (such as escrow accounts): (A) such funds are analyzed, in accordance with the obligors pool asset documents, on at least an annual basis, or such other period specified in the transaction
agreements; (B) interest on such funds is paid, or credited, to obligors in accordance with applicable pool asset documents and state laws; and (C) such funds are returned to the obligor within 30 calendar days of full repayment of the
related pool assets, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

N/A 

1122(d)(4)(xi) 

Payments made on behalf of an obligor (such as tax or insurance payments) are made on or before the related penalty or expiration dates, as indicated on the appropriate bills or notices for such payments, provided that such support has
been received by the Servicer at least 30 calendar days prior to these dates, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

N/A 

1122(d)(4)(xii) 

Any late payment penalties in connection with any payment to be made on behalf of an obligor are paid from the Servicers funds and not charged to the obligor, unless the late payment was due to the obligors error or omission. 

N/A 

1122(d)(4)(xiii) 

Disbursements made on behalf of an obligor are posted within two business days to the obligors records maintained by the Servicer, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

N/A 

1122(d)(4)(xiv) 

Delinquencies, charge-offs and uncollectible accounts are recognized and recorded in accordance with the transaction agreements. 

Servicer

1122(d)(4)(xv) 

Any external enhancement or other support, identified in Item 1114(a)(1) through (3) or Item 1115 of Regulation AB, is maintained as set forth in the transaction agreements. 

N/A 

SB-4

Schedule B

Part II - Form 10-D Disclosure Items

FORM 10-D DISCLOSURE ITEMS 

Item on Form 10-D 

Responsible Party

Item 1: Distribution and Pool Performance Information 

Information included in the Investor Report 

Servicer

Administrator

Any information required by 1121 which is NOT included on the Investor Report 

Depositor

Item 2: Legal Proceedings 

Any legal proceeding pending against the following entities or their respective property, that is material to Noteholders, including any proceeding known to be contemplated by governmental authorities: 

Issuing Entity (Trust Fund) 

Depositor

Sponsor (Seller) 

Seller (if a party to the Sales and Servicing Agreement) or Depositor

Depositor 

Depositor

Indenture Trustee 

Indenture Trustee

Administrator 

Administrator

Servicer 

Servicer

Owner Trustee 

Owner Trustee

1110(b) Originator 

Depositor

Any 1108(a)(2) Servicer (other than the Servicer or Administrator) 

Depositor

Any other party contemplated by 1100(d)(1) 

Depositor

Item 3: Sale of Securities and Use of Proceeds

Information from Item 2(a) of Part II of Form 10-Q

With respect to any sale of securities by the sponsor, depositor or issuing entity, that are backed by the same asset pool or are otherwise issued by the issuing entity, whether or not registered, provide the sales and use of proceeds
information in Item 701 of Regulation S-K. Pricing information can be omitted if securities were not registered. 

Depositor

Item 4: Defaults Upon Senior Securities

Information from Item 3 of Part II of Form 10-Q

Report the occurrence of any Event of Default (after expiration of any grace period and provision of any required notice) 

Administrator

Item 6: Significant Obligors of Pool Assets

Item 1112(b) Significant Obligor Financial Information 

Not Applicable

SB-5

FORM 10-D DISCLOSURE ITEMS

Item on Form 10-D 

Responsible Party

Item 7: Change in Sponsor Interest in Securities

Item 1124 Sponsor interest in securities

Any material change in the sponsor's, or an affiliate's, interest in the securities resulting from the purchase, sale or other acquisition or disposition of the securities by the sponsor, or an affiliate, during the period covered by the
report. 

Seller

Administrator

Item 8: Significant Enhancement Provider Information

Item 1114(b)(2) Credit Enhancement Provider Financial Information 

Not Applicable

Item 9: Other Information

Disclose any information required to be reported on Form 8-K during the period covered by the Form 10-D but not reported 

Any party responsible for the applicable Form 8-K Disclosure item

Item 9: Exhibits 

Investor Reports 

Servicer

Administrator

Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K, such as material agreements 

Depositor

Schedule B

Part III - Form 10-K Disclosure Items

FORM 10-K DISCLOSURE ITEMS

Item on Form 10-K 

Responsible Party

Item 1B: Unresolved Staff Comments 

Depositor

Item 9B: Other Information 

Any party responsible for disclosure items on Form 8-K

Item 15: Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

Depositor

Additional Item:

Disclosure per Item 1117 of Reg AB 

(i) All parties to the Sale and Servicing Agreement (as to themselves), (ii) the Depositor as to the issuing entity, (iii) the Depositor as to the sponsor and any 1100(d)(1) party

Additional Item:

Disclosure per Item 1119 of Reg AB 

(i) All parties to the Sale and Servicing Agreement (as to themselves), (ii) the Depositor as to the sponsor, originator, significant obligor, enhancement or support provider

Additional Item:

Disclosure per Item 1112(b) of Reg AB 

Not applicable

Additional Item:

Disclosure per Items 1114(b) and 1115(b) of Reg AB 

Not applicable

SB-6

Schedule B

Part IV - Form 8-K Disclosure (Reportable Events)

FORM 8-K DISCLOSURE (REPORTABLE EVENTS)

Item on Form 8-K 

Responsible Party

Item 1.01- Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Disclosure is required regarding entry into or amendment of any definitive agreement that is material to the securitization, even if depositor is not a party.

Examples: servicing agreement, custodial agreement.

Note: disclosure not required as to definitive agreements that are fully disclosed in the prospectus. 

All parties as to themselves

Item 1.02- Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement

Disclosure is required regarding termination of any definitive agreement that is material to the securitization (other than expiration in accordance with its terms), even if depositor is not a party.

Examples: servicing agreement, custodial agreement. 

All parties as to themselves

Item 1.03- Bankruptcy or Receivership

Disclosure is required regarding the bankruptcy or receivership, with respect to any of the following: 

Depositor

Sponsor (Seller) 

Depositor/Sponsor (Seller)

Depositor 

Depositor

Servicer 

Servicer

Affiliated servicer 

Servicer

Other material servicers 

Servicer

Indenture Trustee 

Indenture Trustee

Administrator 

Administrator

Owner Trustee 

Owner Trustee

Item 2.04- Triggering Events that Accelerate or Increase a Direct Financial Obligation

Includes an early amortization, performance trigger or other event, including event of default, that would materially alter the payment priority/distribution of cash flows/amortization schedule.

Disclosure will be made of events other than waterfall triggers which are disclosed in the monthly statements to the noteholders. 

Depositor

Servicer

Administrator

Item 3.03- Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders

Disclosure is required of any material modification to documents defining the rights of noteholders. 

Administrator

Indenture Trustee

Depositor

SB-7

FORM 8-K DISCLOSURE (REPORTABLE EVENTS)

Item on Form 8-K 

Responsible Party

Item 5.03- Amendments of Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change of Fiscal Year

Disclosure is required of any amendment to the governing documents of the issuing entity. 

Depositor

Item 5.07- Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

Submission of a matter to a vote of security holders, through the solicitation of proxies or otherwise 

Depositor

Item 6.01- ABS Informational and Computational Material 

Depositor

Item 6.02- Change of Servicer or Trustee

Removal, replacement, substitution or addition of any Servicer, affiliated servicer, and other material servicers or Indenture Trustee. 

Depositor

A change of Servicer or Administrator - Servicer/Administrator/Depositor/

Reg AB disclosure regarding any new servicer. 

Servicer/Depositor

Reg AB disclosure regarding any new Indenture Trustee. 

New Indenture Trustee

Item 6.03- Change in Credit Enhancement or External Support 

N/A

Item 6.04- Failure to Make a Required Distribution 

Servicer

Indenture Trustee

Item 6.05- Securities Act Updating Disclosure

Material pool characteristic differs by 5% or more (other than as a result of pool assets converting to cash in accordance with their terms) at the time of issuance of the securities from the description in the final prospectus, provide
updated Reg AB disclosure about the actual asset pool. 

Depositor

Item 7.01- Reg FD Disclosure 

Depositor

Item 8.01- Other Events

Any event, with respect to which information is not otherwise called for in Form 8-K, that the registrant deems of importance to noteholders. 

Depositor

Item 9.01- Financial Statements and Exhibits 

Responsible party, as applicable, for reporting/disclosing the financial statement or exhibit

SB-8

SCHEDULE C

PERFORMANCE CERTIFICATION

(SERVICER)

Re: Mercedes-Benz Auto Receivables Trust 2025-1

The undersigned Servicer hereby certifies to _______ and its officers, directors and Affiliates (collectively, the Certification Parties) as follows, with the knowledge and
intent that the Certification Parties will rely on this Certification in connection with the certification concerning the Issuer to be signed by an officer of the Servicer and submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002:

1. I have reviewed:

(i) the servicer compliance statement of the Servicer provided in accordance with Item 1123 of Regulation AB (the Compliance Statement);

(ii) the report on assessment of the Servicers compliance with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB (the Servicing Criteria), provided in accordance with Rules
13a18 and 15d-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and Item 1122 of Regulation AB (the Servicing Assessment);

(iii) the registered public accounting firms attestation report provided in accordance with Rules 13a18 and 15d-18 under the Exchange Act and Section 1122(b) of Regulation AB (the Attestation
Report); and

(iv) all servicing reports, officers certificates and other information relating to the servicing of the Receivables by the Servicer during 20__ that were delivered by the Servicer to the
Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Agreement (collectively, the Servicing Information).

2. Based on my knowledge, the Servicing Information, taken as a whole, does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in the
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period of time covered by the Servicing Information.

3. Based on my knowledge, all of the Servicing Information required to be provided by the Servicer under the Agreement has been provided to the Indenture Trustee.

4. I am responsible for reviewing the activities performed by Mercedes-Benz Financial Services USA LLC, as Servicer (the Servicer) under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the Sale and Servicing Agreement), among Mercedes-Benz Auto Receivables Trust 2025-1, Mercedes-Benz Retail Receivables
LLC and Mercedes-Benz Financial Services USA LLC, and based on my knowledge and the compliance review conducted in preparing the Compliance Statement and except as disclosed in the Compliance Statement, the Servicing Assessment or the Attestation
Report, the Servicer has fulfilled its obligations under the Sale and Servicing Agreement in all material respects.

SC-1

5. The Compliance Statement required to be delivered by the Servicer pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, and the Servicing Assessment and Attestation Report required to be provided by the Servicer
pursuant to the Agreement, have been provided to the Indenture Trustee. Any material instances of noncompliance described in such reports have been disclosed to the Depositor. Any material instance of noncompliance with the Servicing Criteria has
been disclosed in such reports.

Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Date:

MERCEDES-BENZ FINANCIAL SERVICES USA LLC,

as Servicer

By: 

Name:

Title:

SC-2

EXHIBIT A

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES AS TO THE RECEIVABLES

The following representations and warranties shall be made in respect of the Receivables being transferred to the Issuer on the Closing Date as of the Cutoff Date.

(i) Characteristics of Receivables. Each Receivable (a) was originated in the United States by the Seller or a Dealer located in the United States for the retail sale of a Financed Vehicle in the
ordinary course of the Sellers or the applicable Dealers business in accordance with the Sellers credit policies as of the date of origination or acquisition of the related Receivable, is payable in United States dollars, has been fully and
properly executed by the parties thereto, if not originated by the Seller, has been purchased by the Seller from such Dealer under an existing Dealer Agreement (or approved form of assignment) and has been validly assigned by such Dealer to the
Seller, (b) has created a valid, subsisting and enforceable first priority security interest in favor of the Seller in the Financed Vehicle, which security interest shall be perfected and prior to any other interest in such Financed Vehicle, and
which security interest is assignable by the Seller and reassignable by the assignee, (c) contains customary and enforceable provisions such that the rights and remedies of the holder thereof are adequate for realization against the collateral of the
benefits of the security, (d) shall, except as otherwise provided in the Sale and Servicing Agreement, provide for level Monthly Payments (provided that the payment in the first or last month in the life of the Receivable may be minimally different
from the level payment) that fully amortize the Amount Financed over its original term and shall provide for a finance charge or shall yield interest at its APR, (e) shall provide for, in the event that such Receivable is prepaid, a payoff amount
that fully pays the Principal Balance and includes accrued but unpaid interest at least through the date prior to the date of prepayment in an amount calculated by using an interest rate at least equal to its APR, (f) is a Simple Interest Receivable,
(g) is due from an Obligor with a mailing address within the United States or its territories, and (h) to the best of the Sellers knowledge, is not assumable by another Person in a manner which would release the Obligor thereof from such Obligors
obligations to the Seller with respect to such Receivable.

(ii) Compliance with Law. Each Receivable complied at the time it was originated or made, and at the Cutoff Date complies, in all material respects with all requirements of applicable federal, State and,
to the best knowledge of the Seller, local laws, rulings and regulations thereunder (including usury laws).

(iii) Binding Obligation. Each Receivable represents the genuine, legal, valid and binding payment obligation in writing of the related Obligor, enforceable by the holder thereof in accordance with its
terms, except as (a) enforceability thereof may be subject to or limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by equitable limitations on the availability of specific
remedies, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a Proceeding in equity or at law and (b) such Receivable may be modified by the application after the Cutoff Date of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act or by any similar
applicable State law.

A-1

(iv) No Government Obligor. No Receivable is due from the United States or any State or any agency, department, subdivision or instrumentality thereof.

(v) Obligor Bankruptcy. To the best of the Sellers knowledge, at the Cutoff Date, no Obligor is the subject of a bankruptcy Proceeding.

(vi) Security Interest in Financed Vehicles. Immediately prior to the transfer of the Receivables by the Seller to the Depositor, each Receivable was secured by a valid, binding and enforceable first
priority perfected security interest in favor of the Seller in the related Financed Vehicle or all necessary action with respect to such Receivable has been taken to perfect a first priority security interest in the related Financed Vehicle in favor
of the Seller, which security interest has been validly assigned by the Seller to the Depositor. The Servicer has received, or will receive within 180 days after the Closing Date, the original certificate of title for each Financed Vehicle or notice
from the applicable State entity issuing such certificate of title, that such certificate of title is being processed (other than any Financed Vehicle that is subject to a certificate of title statute or motor vehicle registration law that does not
require that the original certificate of title for such Financed Vehicle be delivered to the Seller).

(vii) Receivables in Force. No Receivable shall have been satisfied, subordinated or rescinded, nor shall any Financed Vehicle have been released in whole or in part from the Lien granted by the related
Receivable.

(viii) No Waivers. No provision of a Receivable shall have been waived in such a manner that such Receivable fails to meet all of the other representations and warranties made by the Seller herein with
respect thereto.

(ix) No Amendments. No Receivable shall have been amended or modified in such a manner that the total number of Monthly Payments has been increased or decreased or that the related Amount Financed has
been increased or decreased or that such Receivable fails to meet all of the other representations and warranties made by the Seller herein with respect thereto.

(x) No Defenses. No Receivable is subject to any right of rescission, setoff, counterclaim or defense, including the defense of usury, and the operation of any of the terms of any Receivable, or the
exercise of any right thereunder, will not render such Receivable unenforceable in whole or in part or subject to any right of rescission, setoff, counterclaim or defense, including the defense of usury, and the Seller has not received written notice
of the assertion with respect to any Receivable of any such right of rescission, setoff, counterclaim or defense.

(xi) No Liens. No Liens or claims have been filed, including Liens for work, labor or materials or for unpaid local, State or federal taxes relating to any Financed Vehicle that shall be prior to, or
equal or coordinate with, the security interest in such Financed Vehicle granted by the related Receivable.

(xii) No Defaults; Repossessions. Except for payment defaults that, as of the Cutoff Date, have been continuing for a period of not more than 30 days, no default, breach, violation or event under the
terms of any Receivable, permitting acceleration, shall have occurred as of the Cutoff Date and no continuing condition that with notice or the lapse of time or both would constitute a default, breach, violation or event under the terms of any
Receivable, permitting acceleration, shall have arisen; and the Seller shall not have waived any of the foregoing except as otherwise permitted hereunder. On or prior to the Cutoff Date, no Financed Vehicle has been repossessed.

A-2

(xiii) Insurance. Each Receivable requires the related Obligor to obtain physical damage insurance covering the related Financed Vehicle and to maintain such insurance.

(xiv) Title. It is the intention of the Seller that the transfers and assignments contemplated by the Receivables Purchase Agreement constitute a sale of the Receivables from the Seller to the Purchaser
and that the beneficial interest in and title to the Receivables not be part of the debtors estate in the event of the appointment of a receiver or conservator for the Seller under any receivership, bankruptcy law, insolvency or banking law; no
Receivable has been sold, transferred, assigned or pledged by the Seller to any Person other than the Purchaser; immediately prior to the transfer and assignment contemplated by the Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Seller had good and marketable
title to each Receivable free and clear of all Liens and rights of others, except for Liens that shall be released on or before the Closing Date; immediately upon the transfer and assignment thereof, the Purchaser shall have good and marketable title
to each Receivable, free and clear of all Liens and rights of others; and the transfer and assignment herein contemplated has been perfected under the UCC.

(xv) Lawful Assignment. No Receivable has been originated in, or is subject to the laws of, any jurisdiction under which the sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance of such Receivable under the
Receivables Purchase Agreement or the Sale and Servicing Agreement or the pledge of such Receivables hereunder, thereunder or under the Indenture is unlawful, void or voidable or under which such Receivable would be rendered void or voidable as a
result of any such sale, transfer, assignment, conveyance or pledge. The Seller has not entered into any agreement with any account debtor that prohibits, restricts or conditions the assignment of the Receivables.

(xvi) One Original/Authoritative Copy. For each Receivable that constitutes tangible chattel paper, if in tangible form, there is only one original executed copy of such Receivable and, for each
Receivable that constitutes electronic chattel paper, if in electronic form, such Receivable is evidenced by the authoritative copy thereof.

(xvii) Principal Balance. As of the Cutoff Date, each Receivable had a remaining Principal Balance of not more than $220,000.00 and not less than $2,000.00.

(xviii) Original Term to Maturity. Each Receivable had an original term to maturity (based on the original number of Monthly Payments) of not more than 72 months and not less than 19 months and a remaining
term to maturity (based on the number of remaining Monthly Payments) as of the Cutoff Date of not more than 71 months and not less than 3 months.

(xix) Annual Percentage Rate. Each Receivable has an APR of at least 0.00% and not more than 12.00%.

A-3

(xx) Marking Records. As of the Closing Date, the Seller will have caused its computer and accounting records relating to each Receivable to be marked to show that the Receivables have been sold to the
Purchaser by the Seller and transferred and assigned by the Purchaser to the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Sale and Servicing Agreement and pledged by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee in accordance with the terms of the Indenture.

(xxi) Chattel Paper. Each Receivable constitutes tangible chattel paper or electronic chattel paper (or, if such terms are not separately defined in the applicable UCC , chattel paper) within the
meaning of the UCC as in effect in the State of origination.

(xxii) Final Scheduled Payment Date. No Receivable has a final scheduled payment date later than six months prior to the Class A4 Final Scheduled Payment Date.

(xxiii) No Fraud or Misrepresentation. Each Receivable that was originated by a Dealer and was sold by the Dealer to the Seller, to the best of the Sellers knowledge, was so originated and sold without
fraud or misrepresentation on the part of such Dealer in either case.

(xxiv) No Impairment. The Seller has not done anything to convey any right to any Person that would result in such Person having a right to payments due under a Receivable or otherwise to impair the rights
of the Depositor in any Receivable or the proceeds thereof.

(xxv) Servicing. Each Receivable has been serviced in conformity with all Applicable Laws, rules and regulation and in conformity with the Sellers policies and procedures which are consistent with
customary, prudent industry standards.

(xxvi) No Consent. To the best of the Sellers knowledge, no notice to or consent from any Obligor is necessary to effect the acquisition of the Receivables by the Purchaser or the Issuer or the pledge of
the Receivables by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee.

A-4

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF INVESTOR REPORT

Mercedes-Benz Auto Receivables Trust 2025-1 

Investor Report 

Collection Period ended 

Amounts in USD

Dates 

Collection Period No. 

Collection Period (from...to) 

Determination Date 

Record Date 

Payment Date 

Interest Period of the Class A2B Notes (from...to) 

Actual/360 Days 

Interest Period of the Class A2A, A3 and A4 Notes (from...to) 

30/360 Days 

Interest Rate (including the SOFR Rate or the then-current Benchmark, as applicable) for Class A-2B Notes for the Interest Period 

Summary 

Initial Balance 

Beginning

Balance 

Ending Balance 

Principal

Payment 

Principal

per $1000

Face Amount 

Note Factor

Class A1 Notes 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Class A2A Notes 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Class A2B Notes 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Class A3 Notes 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Class A-4 Notes 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Total Note Balance 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Overcollateralization 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Adjusted Pool Balance 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Pool Balance 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Amount 

Percentage 

Initial Overcollateralization Amount 

$ 

% 

Target Overcollateralization Amount 

$ 

% 

Current Overcollateralization Amount 

$ 

% 

Interest Rate 

Interest Payment 

Interest per

$1,000 Face

Amount 

Interest &

Principal

Payment 

Interest &

Principal

Payment per

$1000 Face

Amount 

Class A1 Notes 

0.00% 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Class A2A Notes 

% 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Class A2B Notes 

% 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Class A3 Notes 

% 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Class A-4 Notes 

% 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Total 

$ 

$ 

B-1

Mercedes-Benz Auto Receivables Trust 2025-1 

Investor Report 

Collection Period ended 

Available Funds 

Principal Collections 

$ 

Interest Collections 

$ 

Net Liquidation Proceeds 

$ 

Recoveries 

$ 

Purchase Amounts 

$ 

Advances made by the Servicer 

$ 

Investment Earnings 

$ 

Available Collections 

$ 

Reserve Fund Draw Amount 

$ 

Available Funds 

$ 

Distribution 

(1) Total Servicing Fee 

$ 

Nonrecoverable Advances to the Servicer 

$ 

(2) Total Trustee Fees and Asset Representations Reviewer Fees (max. $250,000 p.a.) 

$ 

(3) Interest Distributable Amount 

$ 

(4) Priority Principal Distributable Amount 

$ 

(5) To Reserve Fund to reach the Reserve Fund Required Amount 

$ 

(6) Regular Principal Distributable Amount 

$ 

(7) Additional Servicing Fee and Transition Costs 

$ 

(8) Total Trustee Fees and Asset Representation Reviewer Fees not previously paid under (2) 

$ 

(9) Excess Collections to Certificateholders 

$ 

Total Distribution 

$ 

Mercedes-Benz Auto Receivables Trust 2025-1 

Investor Report 

Collection Period ended 

Amounts in USD

Distribution Detail 

Due 

Paid 

Shortfall 

Total Servicing Fee 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Total Trustee Fees 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Total Asset Representations Reviewer Fees 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Monthly Interest Distributable Amount 

$ 

$ 

$ 

thereof on Class A2A Notes 

$ 

$ 

$ 

thereof on Class A2B Notes 

$ 

$ 

$ 

thereof on Class A3 Notes 

$ 

$ 

$ 

thereof on Class A4 Notes 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Interest Carryover Shortfall Amount 

$ 

$ 

$ 

B-2

Mercedes-Benz Auto Receivables Trust 2025-1 

Investor Report 

Collection Period ended 

thereof on Class A-2A Notes 

$ 

$ 

$ 

thereof on Class A-2B Notes 

$ 

$ 

$ 

thereof on Class A3 Notes 

$ 

$ 

$ 

thereof on Class A-4 Notes 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Interest Distributable Amount 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Priority Principal Distributable Amount 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Regular Principal Distributable Amount 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Aggregate Principal Distributable Amount 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Reserve Fund and Investment Earnings 

Reserve Fund 

Reserve Fund Required Amount 

$ 

Reserve Fund Amount - Beginning Balance 

$ 

plus/minus change to meet Reserve Fund Required Amount 

$ 

plus Net Investment Earnings for the Collection Period 

$ 

minus Net Investment Earnings 

$ 

minus Reserve Fund Draw Amount 

$ 

Reserve Fund Amount - Ending Balance 

$ 

Reserve Fund Amount Deficiency 

$ 

Investment Earnings 

Net Investment Earnings on the Reserve Fund 

$ 

Net Investment Earnings on the Collection Account 

$ 

Investment Earnings for the Collection Period 

$ 

Mercedes-Benz Auto Receivables Trust 2025-1 

Investor Report 

Collection Period ended 

Amounts in USD

Notices to Investors 

B-3

Mercedes-Benz Auto Receivables Trust 2025-1 

Investor Report 

Collection Period ended 

Pool Statistics 

Pool Data 

Amount 

Number of 

Receivables 

Cutoff Date Pool Balance 

$________________ 

Pool Balance beginning of Collection Period 

$ 

Principal Collections 

$ 

Principal Collections attributable to Full Pay-offs 

$ 

Principal Purchase Amounts 

$ 

Principal Gross Losses 

$ 

Pool Balance end of Collection Period 

$ 

Pool Factor % 

$ 

As of Cutoff

Date 

Current 

Weighted Average APR 

% 

% 

Weighted Average Number of Remaining Payments 

Weighted Average Seasoning (months) 

Delinquency Profile * 

Amount 

Number of

Receivables 

Percentage 

Current 

$ 

% 

31-60 Days Delinquent 

$ 

% 

61-90 Days Delinquent 

$ 

% 

91-120 Days Delinquent 

$ 

% 

Total 

$ 

100% 

* A receivable is not considered delinquent if the amount past due is less than 10% of the payment due under such receivable 

Delinquency Trigger 

60+ Delinquency Receivables to EOP Pool Balance

% 

Delinquency Trigger occurred 

No 

Losses 

Current 

Principal Gross Losses 

$ 

Principal Net Liquidation Proceeds 

$ 

Principal Recoveries 

$ 

Principal Net Losses 

$ 

Cumulative Principal Net Losses 

$ 

Cumulative Principal Net Loss as % of Cutoff Date Pool Balance 

% 

B-4

APPENDIX A

USAGE AND DEFINITIONS

USAGE

The following rules of construction and usage are applicable to this Appendix, any agreement that incorporates this Appendix and to any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant to any such agreement:

(a) All terms defined in this Appendix, unless otherwise defined in any agreement that incorporates this Appendix or any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant to any
such agreement, have the meanings assigned in this Appendix.

(b) Accounting terms not defined in this Appendix or in any such agreement, certificate or other document, and accounting terms partly defined in this Appendix or in any such agreement,
certificate or other document, to the extent not defined, have the respective meanings given to them under International Financial Reporting Standards as in effect on the date of such agreement, certificate or other document. To the extent that
the definitions of accounting terms in this Appendix or in any such agreement, certificate or other document are inconsistent with the meanings of such terms under International Financial Reporting Standards, the definitions contained in this
Appendix or in any such agreement, certificate or other document will control.

(c) References to words such as this Agreement, herein, hereof and the like shall refer to an agreement that incorporates this Appendix as a whole and not to any particular part,
Article or Section within such agreement. References in an agreement to Article, Section, Exhibit, Schedule, subsection or another subdivision or to an attachment are, unless otherwise specified, to an article, section, exhibit,
schedule, subsection or other subdivision of or an attachment to such agreement. The term or means and/or and the term including means including without limitation.

(d) The definitions contained in this Appendix are equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms and to the masculine as well as to the feminine and neuter genders
of such terms.

(e) Any agreement or statute defined or referred to in this Appendix or in any agreement that incorporates this Appendix or in any other certificate or other document made or delivered
pursuant to any such agreement means such agreement or statute as from time to time amended, modified, supplemented or replaced, including (in the case of agreements) by waiver or consent and (in the case of statutes) by succession of comparable
successor statutes and includes (in the case of agreements) references to all attachments thereto and instruments incorporated therein and (in the case of statutes) any rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and any judicial and
administrative interpretations thereof.

(f) References to a Person are also to its permitted successors and assigns.

AA-1

(g) References to deposits, transfers and payments of any amounts refer to deposits, transfers or payments of such amounts in immediately available funds; and the term proceeds has the
meaning ascribed to such term in the UCC.

(h) Except where not less than zero or similar language is indicated, amounts determined by reference to a mathematical formula may be positive or negative.

(i) In the computation of a period of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including and the words to and until mean to but
excluding.

DEFINITIONS

Account Collateral means, with respect to each Account, such Account, together with all cash, securities, Financial Assets and investments and other property from time to time deposited
or credited to such Account and all proceeds thereof, including, with respect to the Reserve Fund, the Reserve Fund Deposit and the Reserve Fund Amount.

Accountants means a firm of independent public accountants.

Accounts means the Collection Account, the Note Payment Account and the Reserve Fund.

Act has the meaning specified in Section 11.03(a) of the Indenture.

Additional Servicing Fee means, for any Collection Period, if a Successor Servicer has been appointed pursuant to Section 7.02 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the amount, if any, by which (i) the
compensation payable to such Successor Servicer for such Collection Period exceeds (ii) the Monthly Servicing Fee for such Collection Period.

Adjusted Pool Balance means, as of any date, an amount equal to the Pool Balance minus the Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount for such date.

Administration Agreement means the Administration Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025, among the Administrator, the Issuer, the Depositor and the Indenture
Trustee.

Administrator means MBFS USA, in its capacity as administrator under the Administration Agreement, and its successors in such capacity.

ADR Organization means the American Arbitration Association or, if the American Arbitration Association no longer exists or if its ADR Rules would no longer
permit mediation or arbitration, as applicable, of a dispute, another nationally recognized mediation or arbitration organization selected by the Servicer.

ADR Rules means the relevant rules of the ADR Organization for mediation (including non-binding arbitration) or binding arbitration, as applicable, of
commercial disputes in effect at the time of the mediation or arbitration.

AA-2

Advance has the meaning specified in Section 4.06(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such Person. For purposes of this definition,
control, when used with respect to any Person, means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms
controlling and controlled have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

Aggregate Principal Distributable Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date, the Priority Principal Distributable Amount and the Regular Principal Distributable Amount.

Amount Financed means, with respect to any Receivable, the aggregate amount advanced under such Receivable toward the purchase price of the related Financed Vehicle and any related costs, including
accessories, insurance premiums, service and warranty contracts and other items customarily financed as part of a motor vehicle retail installment sale contract or installment loan.

Annual Fee has the meaning specified in Section 4.03(a) of the Asset Representations Review Agreement.

Applicable Anti-Money Laundering Law means the Customer Identification Program requirements established under the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and
Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Title III of Pub. L. 107 56 (signed into law October 26, 2001) and its implementing regulations (collectively, USA PATRIOT Act), the Financial Crimes Enforcement Networks (FinCEN) Customer Due Diligence
Requirements and such other laws, rules, regulations and executive orders in effect from time to time applicable to banking institutions.

Applicable Law means all applicable laws, ordinances, judgments, decrees, injunctions, writs and orders of any Governmental Authority and rules, regulations, orders, interpretations, licenses and permits of
any Governmental Authority.

Applicants has the meaning specified in Section 3.07 of the Trust Agreement.

APR means, with respect to any Receivable, the annual fixed percentage rate of interest stated in such Receivable.

Asset Representations Review Agreement means the Asset Representations Review Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025, among the Issuer, the Servicer, the Administrator and the Asset Representations Reviewer.

Asset Representations Reviewer means Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, in its capacity as Asset Representations Reviewer under the Asset Representations Review
Agreement, and its successors in such capacity.

AA-3

Asset Representations Reviewer Fees means all amounts due to the Asset Representations Reviewer pursuant to the Asset Representations Reviewer Agreement, including Review Fees and Annual Fees, on each Payment Date, and any previously accrued and unpaid fees.

Authenticating Agent means each Person appointed as an authenticating agent pursuant to Section 2.15 of the Indenture.

Authorized Newspaper means a newspaper of general circulation in The City of New York, printed in the English language and customarily published on each Business Day, whether or not published on Saturdays,
Sundays and holidays.

Authorized Officer means, with respect to (i) the Issuer, any officer of the Owner Trustee who is authorized to act for or on behalf of the Owner Trustee in matters relating to the Issuer and who is
identified on the list of authorized officers delivered by the Owner Trustee on the Closing Date (as such list may be modified or supplemented from time to time thereafter), as well as the president, any Vice President, the treasurer, any
assistant treasurer, the secretary or any assistant secretary of the Depositor and, for so long as the Administration Agreement is in effect, any Vice President or more senior officer of the Administrator who is authorized to act for the
Administrator in matters relating to the Issuer and to be acted upon by the Administrator pursuant to the Administration Agreement and who is identified on the list of authorized officers delivered by the Administrator to the Indenture Trustee on
the Closing Date (as such list may be modified or supplemented from time to time thereafter) and (ii) any other Person, any president, Vice President, treasurer, assistant treasurer, secretary, assistant secretary or any other officer of such
Person who customarily performs functions similar to those performed by any of the foregoing having direct responsibility for the administration of the Basic Documents and also, with respect to a particular matter, any other officer to whom such
matter is referred because of such officers knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject.

Available Collections means, with respect to any Payment Date and the related Collection Period, the sum of (i) all Obligor payments relating to interest and principal received by the Servicer with respect
to the Receivables during such Collection Period after the Cutoff Date (other than amounts comprising the Supplemental Servicing Fee), (ii) all Net Liquidation Proceeds, Insurance Proceeds (with respect to Receivables that are not Defaulted
Receivables), Recoveries and Dealer Recourse payments received with respect to the Receivables during such Collection Period, (iii) interest and other income (net of losses and investment expenses) on amounts on deposit in the Reserve Fund and,
in the event that collections on or in respect of the Receivables are required to be deposited by the Servicer into the Collection Account on a daily basis pursuant to Section 4.03 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Collection Account, (iv)
the aggregate Purchase Amounts deposited in the Collection Account on the related Deposit Date, (v) all prepayments received with respect to the Receivables attributable to any refunded item included in the Amount Financed of any Receivable,
including amounts received as a result of rebates of extended warranty contract costs and proceeds received under physical damage, theft, credit life and credit disability insurance policies and (vi) all Advances deposited into the Collection
Account by the Servicer on the related Deposit Date; provided, however, that Available Collections shall not include any payments or other amounts (including Net Liquidation Proceeds and Recoveries) received with respect to any (a) Purchased
Receivable, the Purchase Amount for which was included in Available Collections for a previous Payment Date and (b) Receivable to the extent that the Servicer has made an unreimbursed Advance with respect to such Receivable and is entitled to
reimbursement from payments in respect of such Receivable or other Receivables or other amounts pursuant to Section 4.07 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

AA-4

Available Funds means, with respect to any Payment Date, the sum of (i) Available Collections and (ii) the Reserve Fund Draw Amount, if any.

Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. 101 et seq.

Basic Documents means the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Administration Agreement, the Indenture, the Note Depository Agreement, the Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Trust Agreement and the Asset
Representations Review Agreement.

Benchmark means, initially, the SOFR Rate; provided that if the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) determines prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the SOFR Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement.

Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) as of the Benchmark Replacement Date;

(1) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment;

(2) the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or

(3) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any
industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:

(1) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body
for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;

(2) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or

AA-5

(3) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment,
or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time.

Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the Interest Period, timing and frequency
of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrator (on
behalf of the Issuer) determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) determines is reasonably necessary).

Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof):

(1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the
administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or

(2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein.

For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement
Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination.

Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof):

(1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or
such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or

AA-6

(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or

(3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative.

Benefit Plan means an employee benefit or other plan or arrangement (including an individual retirement account or Keogh plan) that is subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code and entities
deemed to hold the plan assets of the foregoing.

Book-Entry Notes means a beneficial interest in the Notes, ownership and transfers of which shall be made through book entries by a Clearing Agency as described in Section 2.10 of the Indenture.

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies in the State of New York, the State of Delaware, the State of Michigan and the State in
which the executive offices of the Indenture Trustee are located, are authorized by law, regulation or executive order to be closed.

Certificate means a certificate evidencing the undivided beneficial interest of a Certificateholder in the assets of the Issuer, substantially in the form attached to the Trust Agreement as Exhibit A.

Certificate of Trust means the Certificate of Trust substantially in the form of Exhibit B to the Trust Agreement filed for the Issuer pursuant to Section 3810(a)(1) of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act.

Certificate Percentage Interest means, with respect to a Certificate, the percentage specified on such Certificate as the Certificate Percentage Interest, which percentage represents the beneficial interest
of the Holder of such Certificate in the Issuer. The initial Certificate Percentage Interest held by the Depositor shall be 100%.

Certificate Register and Certificate Registrar shall have the respective meanings specified in Section 3.04(a) of the Trust Agreement.

Certificateholder means a Person in whose name a Certificate is registered on the Certificate Register.

Certification Parties means, collectively, the Certifying Person and the entity for which the Certifying Person acts as an officer, and such entitys officers, directors and Affiliates.

Certifying Person means an individual who signs the Sarbanes-Oxley Certification.

AA-7

Class means a class of Notes, which may be the Class A1 Notes, the Class A2 Notes, the Class A3 Notes or the Class A4 Notes as the context may require.

Class A1 Final Scheduled Payment Date means January 15, 2026.

Class A1 Notes means $228,300,000 aggregate principal amount of the Issuers 0.00% Class A1 Asset Backed Notes, substantially in the form of Exhibit A to the Indenture.

Class A2 Final Scheduled Payment Date means February 15, 2028.

Class A2 Notes means the Class A-2A Notes and the Class A-2B Notes.

Class A2A Interest Rate means 4.50% per annum (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months).

Class A2A Notes means $155,680,000 aggregate principal amount of the Issuers 4.50% Class A2A Asset Backed Notes, substantially in the form of Exhibit A to the Indenture.

Class A-2B Interest Rate means with respect to any Payment Date, the SOFR Rate for the related Payment Date plus 0.32% per annum (computed on the basis of the actual number of
days elapsed and on a 360-day year); provided, that for any Interest Period for which the sum of the SOFR Rate plus 0.32% is less than 0.00%, the Class A-2B Interest Rate shall be deemed to be 0.00%. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, the Class A-2B Interest Rate shall be as determined by the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) in accordance with the terms of the Indenture.

Class A-2B Notes means $355,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Issuers SOFR Rate + 0.32% Class A-2B Asset Backed Notes, substantially in the form of Exhibit A to the Indenture.

Class A3 Final Scheduled Payment Date means December 17, 2029.

Class A3 Interest Rate means 4.78% per annum (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months).

Class A3 Notes means $480,680,000 aggregate principal amount of the Issuers 4.78% Class A3 Asset Backed Notes, substantially in the form of Exhibit A to the Indenture.

Class A4 Final Scheduled Payment Date means April 15, 2031.

Class A4 Interest Rate means 4.92% per annum (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months).

Class A4 Notes means $90,410,000 aggregate principal amount of the Issuers 4.92% Class A4 Asset Backed Notes, substantially in the form of Exhibit A to the Indenture.

Clearing Agency means an organization registered as a clearing agency pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act, which initially shall be DTC.

AA-8

Clearing Agency Custodian means the Indenture Trustee, as custodian for the Clearing Agency.

Clearing Agency Participant means a broker, dealer, bank, other financial institution or other Person for whom from time to time a Clearing Agency effects bookentry transfers and pledges of securities
deposited with the Clearing Agency.

Closing Date means January 23, 2025.

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder.

Collateral has the meaning specified in the Granting Clause of the Indenture.

Collection Account means the account designated as such, and established and maintained pursuant to Section 4.01(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Collection Period means, with respect to any Payment Date, the immediately preceding calendar month (or, in the case of the first Collection Period, the period from but excluding the Cutoff Date to and
including the last day of the calendar month immediately preceding the calendar month in which the first Payment Date occurs).

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Compounded SOFR with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, shall mean:

(1) the applicable compounded average of SOFR for the Corresponding Tenor of 30 days as published on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day at the SOFR Determination Time; or

(2) if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, the applicable compounded average of SOFR for the Corresponding Tenor as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day
for which such rate appeared on the FRBNYs Website.

The specific Compounded SOFR rate is referred to by its tenor. For example, 30-day Average SOFR refers to the compounded average SOFR over a rolling 30-calendar day period as published on the FRBNYs Website.

Control has the meaning specified in Section 8106 of the UCC.

Corporate Trust Office means, with respect to:

(i) the Indenture Trustee, the office of the Indenture Trustee at which at any particular time its corporate trust business shall be administered, which office at the date of execution of
the Indenture is located at:

AA-9

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association

190 S. LaSalle Street, Seventh Floor

Chicago, Illinois 60603

Attention: Structured Finance/MBART 2025-1

E-mail: melissa.rosal@usbank.com and juan.hernandez3@usbank.com

Telephone: (312) 332-7496 and (312) 416-6525

or at such other address as the Indenture Trustee may designate from time to time by written notice to the Noteholders and the Issuer, or the principal corporate trust office of any successor Indenture Trustee at the address designated by such
successor Indenture Trustee by written notice to the Noteholders and the Issuer;

(ii) the Indenture Trustee, as Note Registrar, the office of the Note Registrar at which at any particular time the registering and transfer of Notes shall be administered, which office at
the date of execution of the Indenture is located at:

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association

111 East Fillmore Avenue

EP-MN-WS2N

St. Paul, Minnesota 55107

Attention: Bondholder Services

or at such other address as the Note Registrar may designate from time to time by written notice to the Noteholders and the Issuer, or the principal corporate trust office of any successor Note Registrar at the address designated by such
successor Note Registrar by written notice to the Noteholders and the Issuer; and

(iii) the Owner Trustee, the principal corporate trust office of the Owner Trustee located at:

Wilmington Trust, National Association

Rodney Square North

1100 North Market Street

Wilmington, Delaware 19890

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

or at such other address as the Owner Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Certificateholders, the Indenture Trustee, the Servicer and the Depositor, or the principal corporate trust office of any successor Owner Trustee at
the address designated by such successor Owner Trustee by notice to the Certificateholders, the Indenture Trustee, the Servicer and the Depositor.

Corresponding Tenor means, with respect to a Benchmark Replacement, a tenor (including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding any business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for
the then-current Benchmark.

Cutoff Date means the close of business on November 30, 2024, the date after which the Issuer will be entitled to receive all amounts related to the Receivables.

AA-10

Cutoff Date Adjusted Pool Balance means the Adjusted Pool Balance as of the Cutoff Date.

Cutoff Date Pool Balance means the aggregate Principal Balance of the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date, which is $1,399,999,474.55.

Dealer means the dealer of motor vehicles who sold a Financed Vehicle and who originated and assigned the Receivable relating to such Financed Vehicle to the Seller under an existing agreement between such
dealer and the Seller.

Dealer Agreement means an agreement between the Seller and a Dealer, entered into by the Seller in the ordinary course of its business, providing for the sale of Receivables by the Dealer to the Seller.

Dealer Recourse means, with respect to a Receivable, all recourse rights against the Dealer which originated the Receivable, and any successor to such Dealer.

Default means any event that with notice or the lapse of time or both would become an Event of Default.

Defaulted Receivable means a Receivable as to which (i) at least 10% of any payment, or any part of any payment, due under such Receivable has become 120 days or more delinquent (whether or not the Servicer
has repossessed the related Financed Vehicle) or (ii) the Servicer has charged off any portion of the Principal Balance of the Receivable or has determined in accordance with its customary practices that such Receivable is uncollectible;
provided, however, that (a) a Receivable will not become a Defaulted Receivable until the last day of the Collection Period during which one of the foregoing events first occurs and (b) a Purchased Receivable will not be deemed to be a Defaulted
Receivable.

Definitive Notes means definitive, fully registered Notes issued pursuant to Section 2.12 of the Indenture.

Delaware Statutory Trust Act means Chapter 38 of Title 12 of the Delaware Code, 12 Del Code, Section 3801 et seq.

Delinquency Trigger means, for any Collection Period, that the aggregate Principal Balance of Receivables that are more than 60 days Delinquent (but are not Defaulted Receivables) as a percentage of the Pool
Balance as of the last day of the Collection Period exceeds 3.55%.

Delinquent means a Receivable on which 10% or more of a scheduled payment required to be paid by the Obligor is past due.

Deposit Date means, with respect to any Payment Date and the related Collection Period, the Business Day immediately preceding such Payment Date.

Depositor means Mercedes-Benz Retail Receivables, in its capacity as depositor, and its successors in such capacity.

AA-11

Depositor Basic Documents means the Basic Documents to which the Depositor is a party.

Depositor Limited Liability Company Agreement means the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Depositor, dated as of September 1, 2022, by MBFS USA, as member.

Determination Date means, with respect to any Payment Date, the second Business Day preceding such Payment Date, commencing February 13, 2025.

Discount Rate means, with respect to any Receivable, the greater of (i) the related APR and (ii) the Required Rate.

DTC means The Depository Trust Company.

EDGAR means the Commissions Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system.

Eligible Deposit Account means a trust account (1) maintained with a depository institution or trust company (i)(a) the short-term unsecured debt obligations of which are rated in (or a short term issuer
rating in) the highest short-term rating category (excluding any + signs associated with such rating) by each Rating Agency or (b) having corporate trust powers and a long-term unsecured debt rating (or a long-term issuer rating) that is rated
investment grade by each Rating Agency (including a rating of, if Fitch is a Rating Agency, at least A by Fitch) and (ii) which is maintained in a segregated trust account in the corporate trust department of such depository institution or
trust company or (2) maintained with the Securities Intermediary that is also the Indenture Trustee or an Affiliate of the Indenture Trustee (so long as the Indenture Trustee or such Affiliate continues to meet the requirements set forth in
Section 6.11 of the Indenture).

Eligible Investments means, at any time, any one or more of the following obligations, instruments, investments and securities:

(i) direct obligations of, and obligations fully guaranteed by, the United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit
of the United States;

(ii) demand deposits, time deposits, bankers acceptances or certificates of deposit of any depository institution or trust company (a) incorporated under the laws of the United States, any
State or any United States branch of a foreign bank, (b) subject to supervision and examination by federal or State banking or depository institution authorities and (c) at the time of the investment or contractual commitment to invest therein,
the commercial paper or other short-term unsecured debt obligations (other than such obligations the rating of which is based on the credit of a Person other than such depository institution or trust company) of which have the Required Rating (or
has a short term issuer rating that satisfies the Required Rating);

AA-12

(iii) repurchase obligations, having maturities of not more than 365 days, with respect to any security that is a direct obligation of, or fully guaranteed by, the United States or any
agency or instrumentality thereof the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in either case entered into with a depository institution or trust company (acting as principal) described in clause (ii)
above;

(iv) short-term corporate securities bearing interest or sold at a discount issued by any corporation incorporated under the laws of the United States or any State thereof; provided,
however, that (a) such investment shall not have an r highlighter affixed to its rating, and its terms shall have a predetermined fixed dollar amount of principal due at maturity that cannot vary or change and (b) at the time of the investment,
the short-term unsecured debt obligations (other than such obligations the rating of which is based on the credit of a Person other than such corporation) of such corporation shall have the highest rating from Moodys and from Fitch;

(v) commercial paper having maturities of not more than 365 days, at the time of the investment, with the highest rating from Moodys and from Fitch; provided, however, that such
investment shall not have an r highlighter affixed to its rating, and its terms shall have a predetermined fixed dollar amount of principal due at maturity that cannot vary or change;

(vi) guaranteed investment contracts issued by an insurance company or other corporation as to which the Rating Agency Condition shall have been satisfied;

(vii) investments in money market funds having the highest rating from each Rating Agency that rates such investment (including funds for which either Trustee, the Servicer or any of their
respective Affiliates is investment manager or advisor) (or, if not rated by Fitch, from at least one Rating Agency and one other nationally recognized rating organization that rates such investment where the rating addresses the dual objective
of preservation of capital and timely liquidity); and

(viii) any other investment as to which the Rating Agency Condition shall have been satisfied; provided, however, that in no event shall any such investment have a long-term rating of less
than A2 from Moodys and AA from Fitch or a short-term rating of less than Prime-1 from Moodys and F1 from Fitch;

provided, that each of the foregoing investments shall mature no later than the Deposit Date immediately following the Collection Period in which such investment was made, and shall be required to be held to such maturity; provided, further,
that the Indenture Trustee shall not be responsible for making determination as to whether a particular investment constitutes cash equivalent.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this definition, (a) no Eligible Investment may be purchased at a premium and (b) no obligation or security shall be an Eligible Investment unless (i) the
Indenture Trustee has Control over such obligation or security and (ii) at the time the Indenture Trustee first obtained Control or the Indenture Trustee became the Entitlement Holder with respect to such obligation or security, the Indenture
Trustee did not have notice of any adverse claim with respect thereto within the meaning of Section 8102 of the UCC.

AA-13

For purposes of this definition, any reference to the highest available credit rating of an obligation means the highest available credit rating for such obligation, or such lower credit rating (as approved in
writing by each Rating Agency) as will not result in the qualification, downgrading or withdrawal of the rating then assigned to any Securities by such Rating Agency.

Eligible Servicer means a Person which, at the time of its appointment as Servicer, (i) has a net worth of not less than $50,000,000, (ii) is servicing a portfolio of motor vehicle
retail installment sale contracts or motor vehicle loans, (iii) is legally qualified, and has the capacity, to service the Receivables, (iv) has demonstrated the ability to service a portfolio of motor vehicle installment sales contracts and
installment loans similar to the Receivables professionally and competently in accordance with standards of skill and care that are consistent with prudent industry standards and (v) is qualified and entitled to use pursuant to a license or other
written agreement, and agrees to maintain the confidentiality of, the software which the Servicer uses in connection with performing its duties and responsibilities under the Sale and Servicing Agreement or obtains rights to use, or develops at
its own expense, software which is adequate to perform its duties and responsibilities under the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Entitlement Holder has the meaning specified in Section 8102 of the UCC.

Entitlement Order has the meaning specified in Section 8102 of the UCC.

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 5.01 of the Indenture.

Excess Collections means, with respect to any Payment Date, any Available Funds remaining after the distributions have been made pursuant to Section 2.08(a)(i) through (a)(viii) or
Section 2.08(f)(i) through (f)(vi) of the Indenture.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange Act Reports means any reports on Form 10D, Form 8K or Form 10K required to be filed by the Depositor with respect to the Issuer under the Exchange Act.

Executive Officer means, with respect to any (i) corporation, limited liability company or depository institution, the chief executive officer, the chief operating officer, the chief
financial officer, the president, any Vice President, the secretary or the treasurer of such entity and (ii) partnership, any general partner thereof.

Expenses means any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, taxes, claims, actions and suits, and any and all reasonable costs, expenses and disbursements (including reasonable legal and agent fees
and expenses (including legal fees and expenses in connection with enforcement of rights to indemnity)) of any kind and nature whatsoever.

AA-14

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof.

FATCA Withholding Tax means any withholding or deduction pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to FATCA.

Final Scheduled Payment Date means the Class A1 Final Scheduled Payment Date, the Class A2 Final Scheduled Payment Date, the Class A3 Final Scheduled Payment Date or the Class A4
Final Scheduled Payment Date as the context may require.

Financed Vehicle means, with respect to any Receivable, the related new or pre-owned Mercedes-Benz automobile, together with all accessions thereto, securing the related Obligors
indebtedness under such Receivable.

Financial Asset has the meaning specified in Section 8102(a)(9) of the UCC.

First-Tier Assignment means the first-tier assignment in substantially the form attached as Exhibit B to the Receivables Purchase Agreement.

Fitch means Fitch Ratings, Inc., or any successor that is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization.

Form 10-D Disclosure Item means, with respect to any Person, any event specified in Part II of Schedule B to the Sale and Servicing Agreement for which such Person is the responsible
party, if such Person or in the case of the Owner Trustee or Indenture Trustee, a Responsible Officer of such Person, has actual knowledge of such event.

Form 10-K Disclosure Item means, with respect to any Person, (i) any Form 10-D Disclosure Item and (ii) any additional items specified in Part III of Schedule B of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement for which such Person is the responsible party, or if such Person is the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee, a Responsible Officer of such Person has actual knowledge of such event.

FRBNY means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

FRBNYs Website shall mean the website of the FRBNY, currently at https://apps.newyorkfed.org/markets/autorates/sofr-avg-ind or at such other page as may replace such page on the FRBNYs
website.

Governmental Authority means the United States, any State or other political subdivision thereof and any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or
pertaining to government.

Grant means to mortgage, pledge, bargain, sell, warrant, alienate, remise, release, convey, assign, transfer, create and grant a lien upon and a security interest in and a right of
set-off against, deposit, set over and confirm pursuant to the Indenture. A Grant of the Collateral or of any other agreement or instrument shall include all rights, powers and options (but none of the obligations) of the granting party
thereunder, including the immediate and continuing right to claim for, collect, receive and give receipt for principal and interest payments in respect of the Collateral and all other monies payable thereunder, to give and receive notices and
other communications, to make waivers or other agreements, to exercise all rights and options, to bring Pro-ceedings in the name of the granting party or otherwise, and generally to do and receive anything that the granting party is or may be
entitled to do or receive thereunder or with respect thereto.

AA-15

Holder means a Certificateholder or a Noteholder, as the context may require.

Indemnified Parties means the Owner Trustee and its officers, directors, successors, assigns, agents and servants.

Indenture means the Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2025, between the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee.

Indenture Trustee means U.S. Bank Trust Company, in its capacity as Indenture Trustee under the Indenture, and its successors in such capacity.

Independent means, with respect to any Person, that such Person (i) is in fact independent of the Issuer, any other obligor on the Notes, the Depositor, the Seller, the Servicer and any
of their respective Affiliates, (ii) does not have any direct financial interest or any material indirect financial interest in the Issuer, any such other obligor, the Depositor, the Seller, the Servicer or any of their respective Affiliates and
(iii) is not connected with the Issuer, any such other obligor, the Depositor, the Seller, the Servicer or any of their respective Affiliates as an officer, employee, promoter, underwriter, trustee, partner, director or person performing similar
functions.

Independent Certificate means a certificate or opinion to be delivered to the Indenture Trustee under the circumstances described in, and otherwise complying with, the applicable
requirements of Section 11.01 of the Indenture, made by an Independent appraiser or other expert appointed by an Issuer Order and acceptable to the Indenture Trustee in the exercise of reasonable care, and such opinion or certificate shall state
that the signer has read the definition of Independent in the Indenture and that the signer is Independent within the meaning thereof.

Initial Note Balance means, as the context may require, with respect to (i) all of the Notes, $1,310,070,000 or (ii) any Note, an amount equal to the initial principal amount of such
Note.

Insolvency Event means, with respect to any Person, (i) the making of a general assignment for the
benefit of creditors; (ii) the filing of a voluntary petition in bankruptcy; (iii) being adjudged as bankrupt or insolvent, or having had entered against such Person an order for relief in any bankruptcy or insolvency Proceeding; (iv) the
filing by such Person of a petition or answer seeking reorganization, arrangement, composition, readjustment, liquidation, dissolution or similar relief under any Insolvency Laws; (v) the filing by such Person of an answer or other pleading
admitting or failing to contest the material allegations of a petition filed against such Person in any proceeding specified in clause (viii) below; (vi) the seeking, consenting to or acquiescing in the appointment of a trustee, receiver,
liquidator or similar official of such Person or of all or any substantial part of the assets of such Person; (vii) the failure by such Person generally to pay its debts as such debts become due; (viii) the failure to obtain dismissal within 60
days of the commencement of any Proceeding against such Person seeking (a) reorganization, arrangement, composition, readjustment, liquidation, dissolution or similar relief under any statute, law or regulation, or (b) the appointment of a
trustee, liquidator, receiver or similar official, in each case of such Person or of such Persons assets or any substantial portion thereof; and (ix) the taking of action by such Person in furtherance of any of the foregoing.

AA-16

Insolvency Laws means the Bankruptcy Code and all other applicable liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, suspension of payments or
similar debtor relief laws from time to time in effect affecting the rights of creditors generally.

Insurance Proceeds means proceeds paid by any insurer under a comprehensive and collision or limited dual interest insurance policy relating to a Receivable, other than funds used for
the repair of the related Financed Vehicle or otherwise released to the related Obligor in accordance with normal servicing procedures, after reimbursement to the Servicer for expenses recoverable under the related insurance policy.

Interest Carryover Shortfall Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date and an interest-bearing Class of Notes, the excess, if any, of the Interest Distributable Amount for that
Class of Notes on the immediately preceding Payment Date over the amount in respect of interest that is actually deposited in the Note Payment Account with respect to that Class of Notes on that preceding Payment Date, plus, to the extent
permitted by Applicable Law, interest on the amount of interest due but not paid to such Noteholders on that preceding Payment Date at the applicable Interest Rate for the related Interest Period.

Interest Distributable Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date and a Class of Notes, the sum of the Monthly Interest Distributable Amount and the Interest Carryover Shortfall
Amount for that Class of Notes for that Payment Date.

Interest Period means, with respect to any Payment Date and (i) the Class A-2B Notes, the period from, and including, the prior Payment Date (or from, and including, the Closing Date
with respect to the first Payment Date) to, but excluding, the current Payment Date and (ii) the Class A-2A Notes, the Class A-3 Notes and the Class A-4 Notes, the period from, and including, the 15th day of the prior calendar month (or from, and including, the Closing Date with respect to the first Payment Date) to, but excluding, the 15th day of the current calendar month (assuming each month has 30 days).

Interest Rate means the Class A2A Interest Rate, the Class A2B Interest Rate, the Class A3 Interest Rate and the Class A4 Interest Rate, as applicable.

Investor Report means a report of the Servicer, delivered pursuant to Section 3.10 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit B thereto.

IRS means the Internal Revenue Service.

AA-17

ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to
be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark.

ISDA Fallback Rate shall mean the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with
respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment.

Issuer means Mercedes-Benz Auto Receivables Trust 2025-1, a Delaware statutory trust.

Issuer Basic Documents means the Basic Documents to which the Issuer is a party.

Issuer Order or Issuer Request means a written order or request signed in the name of the Issuer by any Authorized Officer of the Issuer and delivered to the Indenture Trustee
by the Administrator, if signed by an officer of the Administrator, or at the written direction of the Depositor, if signed by an officer of the Owner Trustee.

Item 1119 Party means the Depositor, the Seller, the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Asset Representations Reviewer and any other material transaction party, as identified in Schedule
A to the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Lien means any security interest, lien, claim, charge, pledge, equity or encumbrance of any kind other than tax liens, mechanics or materialmens liens,
judicial liens and any other liens that may attach to a Financed Vehicle by operation of law.

Majority Certificateholders means, as of any day, the Holders of Certificates evidencing not less than 51% of the aggregate Certificate Percentage Interests as of such day.

Majority Noteholders means, as of any day, the Holders of Notes evidencing not less than 51% of the Note Balance of the Notes as of such day.

Maryland Vehicle Sales Finance Act means Maryland Code Annotated, Financial Institutions 11-401 et seq.

MBFS USA means Mercedes-Benz Financial Services USA LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

Mercedes-Benz Group AG means Mercedes-Benz Group AG, a company organized under the laws of Germany.

Mercedes-Benz Retail Receivables means Mercedes-Benz Retail Receivables LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

AA-18

Monthly Interest Distributable Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date and any interest-bearing Class of Notes, the interest due on that Class of Notes for the related Interest
Period calculated based on the Interest Rate for that Class of Notes for such Interest Period and the principal amount of that Class of Notes on the preceding Payment Date, after giving effect to all payments of principal on such Class of Notes
on or prior to that Payment Date, or, in the case of the first Payment Date, on the original principal amount of that Class of Notes as of the Closing Date.

Monthly Payment means, with respect to any Receivable, the amount of each fixed monthly payment payable to the obligee under such Receivable in accordance with the terms thereof, net of
any portion of such monthly payment that represents late payment charges, extension fees or similar items.

Monthly Remittance Condition means that (i) MBFS USA, or its successor, is the Servicer and is a direct or indirect wholly owned
subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, (ii) there exists no Servicer Termination Event and (iii) MBFS USAs short-term unsecured debt is rated at least Prime-1 by Moodys and Mercedes-Benz Group AGs short-term unsecured debt is rated at least F1 by Fitch.

Monthly Servicing Fee means, with respect to any Collection Period, the fee payable to the Servicer on the related Payment Date for services rendered during such Collection Period, which
is equal to the product of 1/12 of 1.00% (or 1/6 of 1.00% in the case of the first Payment Date) and the Pool Balance as of the first day of that Collection Period (or as of the Cutoff Date in the case of the first Payment Date).

Monthly Trustee Fees means the monthly fees, expenses and indemnification amounts payable in accordance with the Basic Documents to the Trustees on each Payment Date for the related
Collection Period for performing their respective obligations under the Basic Documents.

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., or any successor that is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization.

Net Liquidation Proceeds means (i) all amounts received by the Servicer, from whatever source (including Insurance Proceeds), with respect to any Defaulted Receivable during the Collection Period in which
such Receivable became a Defaulted Receivable, minus (ii) the sum of (a) expenses incurred by the Servicer in connection with the repossession and disposition of the related Financed Vehicle (to the extent not previously reimbursed to the
Servicer) and (b) all payments required by Applicable Law to be remitted to the related Obligor.

Net Losses means, with respect to any Collection Period, the difference (which may be positive or negative) of (i) the aggregate Principal Balance of all Receivables that became
Defaulted Receivables during such Collection Period and (ii) the aggregate Net Liquidation Proceeds and Recoveries received by the Servicer during such Collection Period.

Nonrecoverable Advance means an Advance which the Servicer determines in its sole discretion is non-recoverable from payments made on or in respect of the related Receivable.

Note Balance means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Notes that are Outstanding at such time or the aggregate principal amount of all Notes of a particular Class that are Outstanding at
such time, as the context requires.

AA-19

Note Depository Agreement means the agreement, dated the Closing Date, between the Issuer and DTC, as the initial Clearing Agency, relating to the Notes.

Note Factor means, with respect to each Class of Notes as of any Payment Date, a four or more digit decimal figure equal to (i) the product of (a) the Note Balance
of such Class of Notes as of such Payment Date (after giving effect to any reductions thereof to be made on such Payment Date) and (b) 1.000000, divided by (ii)
the Initial Note Balance of such Class of Notes.

Note Owner means, with respect to any Book-Entry Note, the Person who is the beneficial owner of such Book-Entry Note, as reflected on the books of the Clearing Agency or on the books of a Person maintaining
an account with such Clearing Agency (directly as a Clearing Agency Participant or as an indirect participant, in each case in accordance with the rules of such Clearing Agency).

Note Payment Account means the account designated as such, and established and maintained pursuant to Section 4.01(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Note Register and Note Registrar have the respective meanings specified in Section 2.05(a) of the Indenture.

Noteholder means the Person in whose name a Note is registered on the Note Register.

Noteholder FATCA Information means, with respect to any Noteholder or holder of an interest in a Note, information sufficient to eliminate the imposition of, or determine the amount of, U.S. withholding tax
under FATCA.

Noteholder Tax Identification Information means a correct, complete and properly executed U.S. IRS Form W-9 or applicable Form W-8 (with appropriate attachments), or any successor form, as applicable.

Notes means the Class A1 Notes, the Class A2 Notes, the Class A3 Notes and the Class A4 Notes.

Obligor means, with respect to any Receivable, the purchaser or copurchasers of the related Financed Vehicle purchased in part or in whole by the execution and delivery of a Receivable or any other Person
who owes or may be liable for payments under a Receivable.

Offered Notes means the Class A-2A Notes, the Class A-2B Notes, the Class A-3 Notes and the Class A-4 Notes.

Officers Certificate means, with respect to the Depositor, the Servicer or any other entity, a certificate signed by an Authorized Officer of the Depositor, the Servicer or such other entity, as the case
may be.

Opinion of Counsel means a written opinion of counsel who may, except as otherwise provided in a Basic Document, be an employee of or counsel to MBFS USA, the
Depositor or any of their respective Affiliates and, in the case of an opinion of counsel to be delivered to a party to the Basic Documents or another entity, (i) is delivered by counsel reasonably acceptable to the related recipient and (ii) is
addressed to such recipient.

AA-20

Optional Purchase means the exercise by the Servicer of its option to purchase all remaining Receivables from the Issuer on any Payment Date following the last day
of a Collection Period as of which the Pool Balance is 5% or less of the Cutoff Date Pool Balance.

Original Trust Agreement means the Trust Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2024, between the Depositor and the Owner Trustee, pursuant to which the Issuer was created.

Outstanding means, as of the date of determination, all Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered under the Indenture except:

(i) Notes theretofore canceled by the Note Registrar or delivered to the Note Registrar for cancellation;

(ii) Notes or portions thereof the payment for which money in the necessary amount has been theretofore deposited with the Indenture Trustee or any Paying Agent in trust for the
Noteholders; provided, however, that if such Notes are to be redeemed, notice of such redemption must have been duly given pursuant to the Indenture or provision for such notice must have been made in a manner satisfactory to the Indenture
Trustee; and

(iii) Notes in exchange for or in lieu of which other Notes have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to the Indenture unless proof satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee is presented
that any such Notes are held by a Protected Purchaser;

provided, however, that in determining whether the Noteholders of the requisite principal amount of the Notes Outstanding have given any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver under the Indenture or under any
other Basic Document, Notes owned by the Issuer, any other obligor upon the Notes, the Depositor, the Seller, the Servicer or any of their respective Affiliates shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding unless all of the Notes of the
related Class or Classes are owned by the Issuer, any other obligor upon the Notes, the Depositor, the Seller, the Servicer or any of their respective Affiliates, except that, in determining whether the Indenture Trustee shall be protected in
relying on any such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver, only Notes that a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee knows to be so owned shall be so disregarded. Notes so owned that have been pledged in good
faith may be regarded as Outstanding if the pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Indenture Trustee the pledgees right so to act with respect to such Notes and that the pledgee is not the Issuer, any other obligor upon the Notes, the
Depositor, the Seller, the Servicer or any of their respective Affiliates.

Owner Trust Estate means the $1 capital contribution from the Depositor and the Trust Property.

Owner Trustee means WTNA, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee under the Trust Agreement, and any successor in such capacity.

AA-21

Paying Agent means the Indenture Trustee or any other Person that meets the eligibility standards specified in Section 6.11 of the
Indenture and is authorized by the Issuer to make or cause to be made payments to and distributions from the Collection Account, the Note Payment Account and the Reserve Fund, including payments of principal or interest on the Notes or the
Certificates on behalf of the Issuer. The Indenture Trustee shall be the initial Paying Agent.

Payment Date means the date on which the Issuer will pay interest and principal on the Notes, which will be the 15th day of
each month or, if any such day is not a Business Day, the next Business Day, commencing February 18, 2025.

Pennsylvania Motor Vehicle Sales Finance Act means 69 P.S. 601 et seq.

Performance Certification means each certification delivered to the Certifying Person pursuant to Section 9.06 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Permitted Lien means, with respect to any Receivable or Financed Vehicle, any tax lien, mechanics lien or lien that attaches to a Receivable or Financed Vehicle by operation of law and arises solely as a
result of an action or omission of the related Obligor.

Person means any legal person, including any individual, corporation, estate, partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock company, limited liability company, limited liability
partnership, trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity of whatever nature.

Personally Identifiable Information has the meaning stated in the Asset Representations Review Agreement.

Plan Assets Regulation means 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 issued by the United States Department of Labor, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA.

Pool Balance means, as of any date, the aggregate Principal Balance of the Receivables as of such date; provided, however, that if the Receivables are purchased by the Servicer pursuant
to Section 8.01(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or are sold or otherwise liquidated by the Indenture Trustee following an Event of Default pursuant to Section 5.04 of the Indenture, the Pool Balance shall be deemed to be zero as of the
last day of the Collection Period during which such purchase, sale or other liquidation occurs.

Predecessor Note means, with respect to any particular Note, every previous Note evidencing all or a portion of the same debt as that evidenced by such particular Note; and, for the
purpose of this definition, any Note authenticated and delivered under Section 2.06 of the Indenture in lieu of a mutilated, lost, destroyed or stolen Note shall be deemed to evidence the same debt as the mutilated, lost, destroyed or stolen
Note.

Prepayment means any prepayment, whether in part or in full, in respect of a Receivable.

AA-22

Principal Balance means, with respect to any Receivable as of any date, the Amount Financed under such Receivable minus the sum of (i) that portion of all Monthly Payments actually
received on or prior to such date allocable to principal using the Simple Interest Method and (ii) any Prepayment applied to reduce the unpaid principal balance of such Receivable; provided, however, that the Principal Balance of a (a) Defaulted
Receivable shall be zero as of the last day of the Collection Period during which it became a Defaulted Receivable and (b) Purchased Receivable shall be zero as of the last day of the Collection Period during which it became a Purchased
Receivable.

Priority Principal Distributable Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date, the excess, if any, of the Note Balance of the Notes as of such Payment Date (before giving effect to any
payments made to Noteholders on that Payment Date) over the Adjusted Pool Balance as of the last day of the preceding Collection Period; provided, however, that the Priority Principal Distributable Amount for each Payment Date on and after the
Final Scheduled Payment Date for any Class of Notes will not be less than the amount that is necessary to reduce the outstanding principal balance of such Class of Notes to zero.

Proceeding means any suit in equity, action at law or other judicial or administrative proceeding.

Prospectus means the prospectus, dated January 14, 2025, relating to the offer and sale of the Offered Notes.

Protected Purchaser has the meaning specified in Section 8-303 of the UCC.

Provided Information means, with respect to (i) the Indenture Trustee, the Servicing Criteria Assessment provided under Section 9.05 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement by or on behalf
of the Indenture Trustee and (ii) the Servicer, the information provided pursuant to Sections 3.11 and 3.12 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, by or on behalf of the Servicer.

PTCE means Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption.

PTCE 95-60 means Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption 95-60.

Purchase Amount means, for a Receivable, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the Principal Balance of such Receivable plus (ii) the amount of accrued but unpaid interest on such Principal
Balance at the related APR to the last day of the Collection Period of repurchase or purchase.

Purchased Receivable means a Receivable purchased or repurchased, as applicable, as of the last day of a Collection Period as to which payment of the Purchase Amount has been made by the
Servicer pursuant to Section 3.03, 3.08 or 8.01 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or by the Seller pursuant to Section 2.05 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or Section 3.04 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement.

Purchaser means Mercedes-Benz Retail Receivables, in its capacity as purchaser of the
Receivables under the Receivables Purchase Agreement, and its successors in such capacity.

Purchaser Basic Documents means the Basic Documents to which the Purchaser is a party.

AA-23

QIB means a Qualified Institutional Buyer, as defined under Rule 144A of the Securities Act.

Rating Agency means Moodys or Fitch; provided, however, that if
either of Moodys and Fitch cease to exist, Rating Agency shall mean any nationally recognized statistical rating organization or other comparable Person designated by the Issuer to replace such
Person, written notice of which designation shall have been given to the Depositor, the Servicer and the Trustees.

Rating Agency Condition means with respect to any action and each Rating Agency, either (i) written confirmation by that Rating Agency that such action will not cause such Rating Agency
to qualify, reduce or withdraw any of its then-current ratings assigned to the Notes or (ii) that such Rating Agency has been given at least ten days prior written notice of such action and such Rating Agency has not issued any written notice
that such action would cause such Rating Agency to qualify, reduce or withdraw any of its then-current ratings assigned to the Notes.

Receivable means each motor vehicle retail installment sale contract or installment loan identified on
the Schedule of Receivables.

Receivable File has the meaning specified in Section 2.06 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Receivables Purchase Agreement means the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025, between the Seller and the Purchaser.

Receivables Purchase Price means the amount set forth with respect to such price in Section 2.02 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement.

Record Date means, with respect to (i) the Certificates and any Payment Date, the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding such Payment Date and (ii) the Notes and any Payment Date or Redemption Date, the close of business on the Business Day preceding such Payment Date or Redemption Date; provided,
however, that if Definitive Notes have been issued pursuant to Section 2.12 of the Indenture, Record Date shall mean, with respect to any Payment Date or Redemption Date, the last day of the preceding Collection Period.

Recoveries means, with respect to any Collection Period following the Collection Period in which a Receivable became a Defaulted Receivable, (i) all amounts received by the Servicer from whatever source
(including Insurance Proceeds) with respect to such Defaulted Receivable during such Collection Period, minus (ii) the sum of (a) expenses incurred by the Servicer in connection with the repossession and disposition of the related Financed
Vehicle (to the extent not previously reimbursed to the Servicer) and (b) all payments required by Applicable Law to be remitted to the related Obligor.

Redemption Date means, in the case of a redemption of the Notes pursuant to Section 10.01 of the Indenture, the Payment Date specified by the Servicer pursuant to such Section.

AA-24

Redemption Price means, in the case of a redemption of the Notes pursuant to Section 10.01 of the Indenture, an amount equal to the Note Balance of the Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon through
the related Interest Period at the related Interest Rates.

Reference Time shall mean, if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by the Administrator after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes.

Regular Principal Distributable Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date, an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the Note Balance of the Notes on that Payment Date (before giving effect to any payments of principal made to Noteholders on that Payment Date) and (ii) an amount equal to the amount, if any, by which
the Note Balance of the Notes on that Payment Date (before giving effect to any payments of principal made to Noteholders on that Payment Date) exceeds the
excess, if any, of the Adjusted Pool Balance as of the last day of the related Collection Period minus the Target Overcollateralization Amount, less the amount of any Priority Principal Distributable Amount.

Regulation AB means subpart 229.1100 Asset Backed Securities (Regulation AB), 17 C.F.R. 229.1100-229.1125, subject to such clarification and interpretation as has been provided by the Commission in the
adopting release (Asset-Backed Securities, Securities Act Release No. 33-8518, 70 Fed. Reg. 1,506, 1,531 (Jan. 7, 2005)) or by the staff of the Commission, or as may be provided by the Commission or its staff from time to time.

Regulation RR means 17 C.F.R. 246.1, et seq. implementing the credit risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the Exchange Act.

Relevant Governmental Body shall mean the Federal Reserve Board and/or the FRBNY, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the FRBNY or any successor thereto.

Reportable Event means any event required to be reported on Form 8-K, including each event specified on Part IV of Schedule B (i) for which such Person is the responsible party and (ii) of which such Person
(or in the case of the Indenture Trustee, as Responsible Officer of such Person) has actual knowledge.

Representatives means SG Americas Securities, LLC, SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, each in its capacity as representative of the Underwriters.

Repurchase Request means a request by a Requesting Party to the Seller to repurchase a Receivable due to an alleged breach of a representation and warranty set forth in Section 3.03 of the Receivables
Purchase Agreement and Exhibit A of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Requesting Party means the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee (acting at the direction of the Noteholders or Note Owners in
accordance with Section 3.17(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement), any Noteholder or a Note Owner who provides to the requested party a written certification stating that such Noteholder is an owner of a Note or such Note Owner is a
beneficial owner of a Note, together with supporting documentation such as a trade confirmation, an account statement, a letter from a broker or dealer verifying ownership or another similar document evidencing ownership of a Note, in each case
reasonably satisfactory to the requested party.

AA-25

Required Payment Amount has, with respect to each Payment Date, the meaning specified in Section 4.08(a)(vii) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Required Rate means 10.00% per annum.

Required Rating means, with respect to any entity, that the short-term credit rating or the short-term issuer rating of such entity is rated Prime-1 by Moodys and F1 by Fitch.

Reserve Fund means the account designated as such, and established and maintained pursuant to Section 4.01(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Reserve Fund Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date, the amount on deposit in and available for withdrawal from the Reserve Fund on such Payment Date (after giving effect to all deposits to and withdrawals from the Reserve Fund on the preceding Payment Date (or, in the case of the first Payment Date, amount on deposit in the Reserve Fund on the Closing Date)), including all interest and other investment earnings (net of losses and investment expenses) earned on such amount on deposit therein
during the related Collection Period.

Reserve Fund Deficiency means, as of any Payment Date, the excess of the Reserve Fund Required Amount over the Reserve Fund Amount.

Reserve Fund Deposit means an amount equal to $3,359,173.67 (i.e., 0.25% of the Cutoff Date Adjusted Pool Balance).

Reserve Fund Draw Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date and the related Collection Period, the lesser of (i) the amount, if any, by which the Required
Payment Amount exceeds the Available Collections for that Payment Date and (ii) the Reserve Fund Amount (before giving effect to any deposits to or withdrawals from the Reserve Fund on such Payment Date);

provided, however, that the Reserve Fund Draw Amount shall equal the Reserve Fund Amount if (a) the sum of Available Collections and the Reserve Fund Amount equals or exceeds the Note Balance, accrued and unpaid interest thereon and all amounts
required to be paid to the Servicer, the Trustees and the Asset Representations Reviewer on such Payment Date or (b) on the last day of such Collection Period the Pool Balance is zero.

Reserve Fund Property means the Reserve Fund and all amounts, securities, investments, Financial Assets and other property deposited in or credited to the Reserve Fund.

Reserve Fund Required Amount means, (i) for any Payment Date on which the Note Balance is greater than $0, $3,359,173.67 (i.e.,
0.25% of the Cutoff Date Adjusted Pool Balance) or (ii) if the Notes have been paid in full, $0.

AA-26

Responsible Officer means, in the case of (i) the Indenture Trustee, any officer within the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee with direct responsibility for the administration of the Indenture,
including any principal, managing director, president, Vice President, assistant treasurer, assistant secretary or any other officer of the Indenture Trustee customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of the
above-designated officers and also, with respect to a particular matter, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of such officers knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and (ii) the Owner Trustee, any officer
in the Corporate Trust Office of the Owner Trustee with direct responsibility for the administration of the Issuer and, with respect to a particular corporate trust matter, any other officer of the Owner Trustee to whom such matter is referred
because of such officers knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject.

Review means the completion by the Asset Representations Reviewer of the procedures listed under Procedures to be Performed in Schedule A of the Asset
Representations Review Agreement for each Review Asset as further described in Section 3.03 thereof.

Review Assets means those Receivables identified by the Servicer pursuant to Section 3.16 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement as requiring a Review by the
Asset Representations Reviewer following receipt of a Review Notice according to Section 3.01 of the Asset Representations Review Agreement.

Review Fee has the meaning specified in Section 4.03(b) of the Asset Representations Review Agreement.

Review Notice means a notice delivered to the Asset Representations Reviewer by the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 7.02 of the Indenture.

Review Report has the meaning stated in Section 3.04 of the Asset Representations Review Agreement.

Sale and Servicing Agreement means the Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025, among the Issuer, the Depositor, the Seller and the Servicer.

Sarbanes-Oxley Certification means the certification concerning the Issuer, to be signed by an officer of the Servicer or the Depositor and submitted to the Commission pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002.

Schedule of Receivables means the schedule of Receivables attached as Schedule A to the Receivables Purchase Agreement.

Secretary of State means the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.

Securities means the Notes and the Certificates.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933 and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

Securities Intermediary means U.S. Bank National Association, in its capacity as Securities Intermediary under the Indenture, and its successors in such capacity.

AA-27

Securitization Transaction means any transaction involving a sale or other transfer of receivables directly or indirectly to an issuing entity in connection with an issuance of publicly offered or privately
placed, rated or unrated asset-backed securities.

Security Entitlement has the meaning specified in Section 8102(a)(17) of the UCC.

Securityholders means the Noteholders and the Certificateholders.

Seller means MBFS USA, in its capacity as seller of the Receivables under the Receivables Purchase Agreement or the Sale and Servicing Agreement, as the case may
be, and its successors in such capacity.

Seller Basic Documents means the Basic Documents to which the Seller is a party.

Servicer means MBFS USA, in its capacity as Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, and its successors in such capacity.

Servicer Basic Documents means the Basic Documents to which the Servicer is a party.

Servicer Termination Event has the meaning specified in Section 7.01 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Servicer Termination Notice means a notice given to the Servicer pursuant to Section 7.01 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement terminating all rights and obligations of the Servicer under the Sale and
Servicing Agreement, other than the indemnification obligations of the Servicer under Section 6.02 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, which shall survive such termination.

Servicing Criteria means the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB.

Servicing Criteria Assessment means a report of the Indenture Trustees assessment of compliance with the Servicing Criteria (as identified substantially in the form of Part I of Schedule B of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement, with the Indenture Trustee being shown as the Responsible Party) during the immediately preceding calendar year, as set forth under Rules 13a18 and 15d-18 under the Exchange Act and Item 1122 of Regulation AB.

Servicing Officer means any officer of the Servicer involved in, or responsible for, the administration and servicing of the Receivables whose name appears on a list of servicing officers attached to an
Officers Certificate furnished on the Closing Date to the Trustees by the Servicer, as such list may be amended from time to time by the Servicer in writing.

Similar Law means any United States federal, State or local law that imposes requirements similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.

AA-28

Simple Interest Method means the method of allocating a fixed level payment between principal and interest, pursuant to which a portion of such payment is allocated to interest in an amount equal to the
product of the APR of the related Receivable multiplied by the unpaid Principal Balance of such Receivable multiplied by the period of time (expressed as a fraction of a year, based on either the actual number of days in the applicable calendar
month and a 365day year or a 30-day month and a 360-day year, as applicable) elapsed since the preceding payment was made and the remainder of such payment is allocated to principal.

Simple Interest Receivable means any Receivable under which each payment is allocated between principal and interest in accordance with the Simple Interest Method.

SOFR means, with respect to any day, the secured overnight financing rate published for such day by the FRBNY, as the administrator of the benchmark, (or a successor administrator) on the FRBNYs Website.

SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes shall mean, with respect to any SOFR Rate, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the Interest Period, timing and frequency of
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) decides, from time to time, may be appropriate to adjust such SOFR Rate in a
manner substantially consistent with or conforming to market practice (or, if the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrator (on
behalf of the Issuer) determines that no market practice exists, in such other manner as the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) determines is reasonably necessary).

SOFR Adjustment Date shall mean the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day before the first day of such Interest Period.

SOFR Determination Time means 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day, at which time Compounded SOFR is published on the FRBNYs Website.

SOFR Rate shall mean the rate that will be obtained by the Paying Agent for each Interest Period on the SOFR Adjustment Date as of the SOFR Determination Time (or, if the Benchmark is not the SOFR Rate, the
Reference Time) and, except as provided in the Indenture following a determination by the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, shall mean, with respect
to the Class A-2B Notes as of any SOFR Adjustment Date, a rate equal to Compounded SOFR; provided, that, the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) will have the right, in its sole discretion, to make applicable SOFR Adjustment Conforming
Changes.

State means any of the 50 states of the United States or the District of Columbia.

Successor Servicer means any entity appointed as a successor to the Servicer pursuant to Section 7.02 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Supplemental Servicing Fee means the sum of (i) all extension fees charged in connection with extensions of Receivables and (ii) any administration fees and charges and all late payment fees, Prepayment
fees, returned instrument or automatic clearing house transaction charges, purchase option fees, service fees, disposition fees, termination fees and any similar charges actually collected (from whatever source) on the Receivables.

AA-29

Target Overcollateralization Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date, $33,599,469.69 (i.e., 2.50% of the Cutoff Date
Adjusted Pool Balance).

Test Complete has the meaning stated in Section 3.03(c) of the Asset Representations Review Agreement.

Test Fail has the meaning stated in Section 3.03(a) of the Asset Representations Review Agreement.

Test Pass has the meaning stated in Section 3.03(a) of the Asset Representations Review Agreement.

Total Servicing Fee means, for any Collection Period and the related Payment Date, the sum of (i) the Monthly Servicing Fee for such Collection Period and (ii) all
accrued but unpaid Monthly Servicing Fees for one or more prior Collection Periods.

Total Trustee Fees means, for any Collection Period and the related Payment Date, with respect to each of the Trustees, the sum of (i) the Monthly Trustee Fees for
such Collection Period and (ii) all accrued but unpaid Monthly Trustee Fees for the previous Collection Period.

Transfer means a sale, transfer, assignment, participation, pledge or other disposition of a Certificate.

Transition Costs means the reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees but excluding overhead) incurred or payable by the Successor Servicer in connection with the transfer of
servicing (whether due to termination, resignation or otherwise), including allowable compensation of employees and overhead costs incurred or payable in connection with the transfer of the Receivable Files or any amendment to the Sale and
Servicing Agreement required in connection with the transfer of servicing.

Treasury Regulations means regulations, including proposed or temporary regulations, promulgated under the Code. References to specific provisions of proposed or temporary Treasury Regulations shall include
analogous provisions of final Treasury Regulations or other successor Treasury Regulations.

Trust Agreement means the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025, between the Depositor and the Owner Trustee.

Trust Estate means all money, instruments, rights, and other property that are subject or intended to be subject to the lien and security interest of the Indenture for the benefit of the Noteholders
(including all property and interests Granted to the Indenture Trustee), including all proceeds thereof.

Trust Indenture Act or TIA means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 as in force on the Closing Date, unless otherwise specifically provided in the Indenture.

AA-30

Trust Property means, as of any date, the Receivables and other property related thereto sold, transferred, assigned and conveyed to the Issuer pursuant to Section 2.01(a) of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement.

Trustees means the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee.

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments
of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.

UCC means, unless the context otherwise requires, the Uniform Commercial Code, as in effect in the relevant jurisdiction.

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement shall mean the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

Underwriters mean the underwriters named in the Underwriting Agreement.

Underwriting Agreement means the Underwriting Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, among the Depositor, MBFS USA and the Representatives.

United States or U.S. means the United States of America.

U.S. Bank means, collectively, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association and U.S. Bank National Association.

U.S. Bank Trust Company means U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association.

Vice President of any Person means any vice president of such Person, whether or not designated by a number or words before or after the title Vice President, who is a duly elected officer of such Person.

WTNA means Wilmington Trust, National Association.

Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date and the related Collection Period (or any day in such Collection Period), the
aggregate amount by which the Principal Balance of each Receivable (other than a Defaulted Receivable or a Purchased Receivable) as of the last day of such Collection Period, exceeds the present value of all remaining Monthly Payments, calculated
using the Discount Rate and assuming that all such Monthly Payments are made on the last day of each Collection Period and that each Collection Period has 30 days. The Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount for each Payment Date shall equal the amount set forth below:

AA-31

Payment Date 

Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount 

Closing Date

$ 

56,330,004.86 

February 2025 

$ 

52,476,552.59 

March 2025

$ 

50,603,464.01 

April 2025 

$ 

48,766,830.48 

May 2025

$ 

46,966,884.68 

June 2025 

$ 

45,203,750.92 

July 2025

$ 

43,477,573.05 

August 2025 

$ 

41,788,359.01 

September 2025 

$ 

40,136,061.26 

October 2025 

$ 

38,520,572.56 

November 2025 

$ 

36,941,917.38 

December 2025 

$ 

35,400,087.50 

January 2026 

$ 

33,895,178.29 

February 2026 

$ 

32,427,156.38 

March 2026 

$ 

30,995,913.67 

April 2026 

$ 

29,601,436.70 

May 2026 

$ 

28,243,817.68 

June 2026

$ 

26,923,244.36 

July 2026 

$ 

25,640,071.48 

August 2026 

$ 

24,394,625.01 

September 2026

$ 

23,187,130.23 

October 2026

$ 

22,017,762.79 

November 2026 

$ 

20,886,614.47 

December 2026

$ 

19,793,704.91 

January 2027 

$ 

18,738,481.55 

February 2027 

$ 

17,720,280.69 

March 2027

$ 

16,738,360.79 

April 2027 

$ 

15,791,948.36 

May 2027 

$ 

14,880,292.86 

June 2027

$ 

14,002,171.93 

July 2027

$ 

13,156,135.87 

August 2027

$ 

12,340,718.15 

September 2027 

$ 

11,554,377.86 

October 2027 

$ 

10,795,847.48 

November 2027 

$ 

10,063,894.50 

December 2027

$ 

9,358,304.32 

January 2028

$ 

8,679,049.16 

February 2028

$ 

8,026,148.39 

March 2028

$ 

7,399,569.25 

April 2028

$ 

6,799,295.24 

May 2028 

$ 

6,225,426.45 

June 2028 

$ 

5,678,043.41 

July 2028

$ 

5,157,248.45 

AA-32

Payment Date 

Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount 

August 2028 

$ 

4,663,179.53 

September 2028

$ 

4,195,928.07 

October 2028

$ 

3,755,529.74 

November 2028

$ 

3,341,996.23 

December 2028 

$ 

2,955,346.18 

January 2029 

$ 

2,595,376.28 

February 2029 

$ 

2,261,777.52 

March 2029

$ 

1,954,171.56 

April 2029 

$ 

1,672,110.26 

May 2029 

$ 

1,415,292.16 

June 2029

$ 

1,183,247.35 

July 2029

$ 

975,451.35 

August 2029 

$ 

791,382.98 

September 2029

$ 

630,525.26 

October 2029

$ 

492,069.97 

November 2029 

$ 

375,105.81 

December 2029

$ 

279,049.63 

January 2030

$ 

202,150.76 

February 2030

$ 

141,872.20 

March 2030 

$ 

95,883.05 

April 2030 

$ 

61,515.84 

May 2030 

$ 

36,754.63 

June 2030 

$ 

19,890.78 

July 2030

$ 

9,253.03 

August 2030

$ 

3,189.64 

September 2030 

$ 

503.82 

October 2030

$ 

10.30 

November 2030 

$ 

0.00 

AA-33
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ef20042316_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

MERCEDES-BENZ FINANCIAL SERVICES USA LLC,

as Seller,

and

MERCEDES-BENZ RETAIL RECEIVABLES LLC,

as Purchaser

RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

Dated as of January 1, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE ONE

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01. 

Capitalized Terms; Rules of Usage 

1

ARTICLE TWO

CONVEYANCE OF RECEIVABLES

Section 2.01. 

Sale and Conveyance of Receivables 

2

Section 2.02. 

Receivables Purchase Price; Payments on the Receivables 

3

Section 2.03. 

Transfer of Receivables 

4

Section 2.04. 

Examination of Receivable Files 

4

ARTICLE THREE

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Section 3.01. 

Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser 

5

Section 3.02. 

Representations and Warranties of the Seller 

6

Section 3.03. 

Representations and Warranties as to the Receivables 

7

Section 3.04. 

Sellers Repurchase of Receivables for Breach of Representations 

8

Section 3.05. 

Representations and Warranties as to Security Interests 

8

ARTICLE FOUR

CONDITIONS

Section 4.01. 

Conditions to Obligation of the Purchaser 

10

Section 4.02. 

Conditions to Obligation of the Seller 

10

ARTICLE FIVE

COVENANTS OF THE SELLER

Section 5.01. 

Protection of Right, Title and Interest in, to and Under the Receivables 

11

Section 5.02. 

Security Interests 

12

Section 5.03. 

Delivery of Payments 

12

Section 5.04. 

No Impairment 

12

Section 5.05. 

Costs and Expenses 

13

Section 5.06. 

Sale 

13

Section 5.07. 

Hold Harmless 

13

i

Page

ARTICLE SIX

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 6.01. 

Amendment 

14

Section 6.02. 

Termination 

14

Section 6.03. 

GOVERNING LAW 

14

Section 6.04. 

WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 

14

Section 6.05. 

Notices 

15

Section 6.06. 

Severability 

15

Section 6.07. 

Further Assurances 

15

Section 6.08. 

Waivers 

15

Section 6.09. 

Counterparts 

15

Section 6.10. 

Successors and Assigns 

16

Section 6.11. 

Table of Contents and Headings 

16

Section 6.12. 

Representations, Warranties and Agreements to Survive 

16

Section 6.13. 

No Petition 

16

Section 6.14. 

Electronic Signatures 

16

SCHEDULES

Schedule A Schedule of Receivables 

SA-1

EXHIBITS

Exhibit A Representations and Warranties as to the Receivables 

A-1

Exhibit B Form of First-Tier Assignment 

B-1

ii

This RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of January 1, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this Agreement), is between MERCEDES-BENZ FINANCIAL SERVICES USA LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (MBFS USA), as seller (the Seller), and MERCEDES-BENZ RETAIL RECEIVABLES LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Mercedes-Benz Retail Receivables), as purchaser (the Purchaser).

WHEREAS, in the regular course of its business, the Seller purchases and originates motor vehicle installment sales contracts and
installment loans secured by new and pre-owned motor vehicles;

WHEREAS, the Seller intends to convey all of its right, title and interest in and to certain Receivables arising in connection with
such installment sales contracts and installment loans to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser shall convey all of its right,
title and interest in and to the Receivables to Mercedes-Benz Auto Receivables Trust 2025-1 (the Issuer) pursuant to the sale and servicing agreement, dated as
of January 1, 2025 (the Sale and Servicing Agreement), among the Issuer, Mercedes-Benz Retail Receivablesand
MBFS USA; and

WHEREAS, the parties heretowish to set forth the terms pursuant to which the Receivables are to
be sold by the Seller to the Purchaser.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE ONE

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01. Capitalized Terms; Rules of Usage. Capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise
defined shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, which Appendix is hereby incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement. Appendix A also contains rules as to usage applicable to this
Agreement.

ARTICLE TWO

CONVEYANCE OF RECEIVABLES

Section 2.01. Sale and Conveyance of Receivables. On the Closing Date, subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, the Seller agrees to sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase from the Seller, the Receivables, and the other property relating thereto (as described below).

(a) Subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4.01, on the Closing Date, and simultaneously with the transactions to be consummated pursuant to the Indenture, the Sale and
Servicing Agreement and the Trust Agreement, the Seller shall, pursuant to the First-Tier Assignment, sell, transfer, assign and otherwise convey to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser shall purchase from the Seller, without recourse (subject to the
Sellers obligations hereunder), all right, title and interest of the Seller, whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising, and wheresoever located, in, to and under the following:

(i) the Receivables and all amounts due and collected on or in respect of the Receivables (including proceeds of the repurchase of Receivables by the
Seller pursuant to Section 2.05 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or Section 3.04 of this Agreement or the purchase of Receivables by the Servicer pursuant to Sections 3.03, 3.08 or 8.01 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement) after the Cutoff Date;

(ii) the security interests in the Financed Vehicles granted by the Obligors pursuant to the Receivables and any other interest of the Seller in such Financed Vehicles;

(iii) all proceeds from claims on any physical damage or theft insurance policies and extended warranties covering such Financed Vehicles and any proceeds of any credit life or credit
disability insurance policies relating to the Receivables, the related Financed Vehicles or the related Obligors;

(iv) the Receivable Files that relate to the Receivables;

(v) any proceeds of Dealer Recourse that relate to the Receivables;

(vi) the right to realize upon any property (including the right to receive future Net Liquidation Proceeds and Recoveries) that shall have secured a Receivable and have been repossessed by
or on behalf of the Seller; and

(vii) all present and future claims, demands, causes of action and choses in action in respect of any or all of the foregoing, and all payments on or under and all proceeds of every kind and
nature whatsoever in respect of any or all of the foregoing, including all proceeds of the conversion thereof, voluntary or involuntary, into cash or other liquid property, all accounts, accounts receivable, general intangibles, chattel paper,
documents, money, investment property, deposit accounts, letters of credit, letter of credit rights, insurance proceeds, condemnation awards, notes, drafts, acceptances, rights to payment of any and every kind and other forms of obligations and
receivables, instruments and other property which at any time constitutes all or part of, or is included in, the proceeds of any of the foregoing.

2

(b) In connection with the foregoing conveyance, the Seller further agrees, at its own expense, to, on or prior to the Closing Date, (i) annotate and indicate in its books, records and computer
files that the Receivables have been sold and transferred to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) deliver to the Purchaser a computer file or printed or microfiche list of the Schedule of Receivables containing a true and complete list of
the Receivables, identified by account number and by the Principal Balance as of the Cutoff Date, which file or list shall be marked as Schedule A and is hereby incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement and (iii) deliver or cause to be
delivered the Receivable Files to or upon the order of the Purchaser.

(c) The parties hereto intend that the conveyance of Receivables and related property hereunder be a sale and not a loan. In the event that the conveyance hereunder is for any reason not
considered a sale, including if an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Seller, the Seller hereby grants to the Purchaser a first priority security interest in all of the Sellers right, title and interest in, to and under the Receivables,
and all other property conveyed hereunder and all proceeds of the foregoing. The parties intend that this Agreement constitute a security agreement under Applicable Law. Such grant is made to secure the payment of all amounts payable hereunder,
including the Receivables Purchase Price. If such conveyance is for any reason considered to be a loan and not a sale, the Seller consents to the Purchaser transferring such security interest in favor of the Indenture Trustee to the Issuer and to
the Issuer transferring the obligation secured thereby to the Indenture Trustee.

Section 2.02. Receivables Purchase Price; Payments on the Receivables.

(a) On the Closing Date, in exchange for the Receivables and other assets described in Section 2.01(a), the Purchaser shall pay the Seller the Receivables Purchase Price which is equal to (i) $1,079,865,516 in
immediately available funds from the sale of the Notes to the Underwriters plus (ii) an amount representing a capital contribution from MBFS USA to the Depositor in an amount equal to the difference between the principal balance of the Receivables
as of the Cutoff Date and the amount set forth in clause (i) less (iii) the organizational, startup and transactional expenses of the Issuer, equal to $1,000,000.00, and the Reserve Fund Deposit. The Purchaser, as set forth in the Sale and
Servicing Agreement, shall deposit, from funds it receives from the sale of the Notes, the Reserve Fund Deposit into the Reserve Fund, which amount shall be an asset of the Issuer. The Depositor shall receive, and shall be the initial holder of,
the Certificates.

(b) The Purchaser shall be entitled to, and shall convey such right to the Issuer pursuant

to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, all amounts due and collected on or in respect of the Receivables received
after the Cutoff Date.

3

Section 2.03. Transfer of Receivables. Pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Purchaser
will assign all of its right, title and interest in, to and under the Receivables and other assets described in Section 2.01(a) and its interests under this Agreement to the Issuer. The parties hereto acknowledge that the Issuer will pledge its
rights in, to and under the Receivables and other assets described in Section 2.01(a) and its interests under this Agreement to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture. The Purchaser shall have the right to assign its interest under this
Agreement as may be required to effect the purposes of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, without the consent of the Seller, and the Issuer as assignee shall succeed to the rights hereunder of the Purchaser and shall have the right to assign its
interest under this Agreement to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture.

Section 2.04. Examination of Receivable Files. The Seller will make the Receivable Files available to the
Purchaser or its agent for examination at the Sellers offices or such other location as otherwise shall be agreed upon by the Purchaser and the Seller.

4

ARTICLE THREE

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Section 3.01. Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser. The Purchaser hereby represents and
warrants to the Seller as of the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date that:

(a) Organization and Good Standing. The Purchaser has been duly organized and is validly existing as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware, and has the
power to own its assets and to transact the business in which it is currently engaged. The Purchaser has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals, and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify or obtain such
licenses or approvals would, in the reasonable judgment of the Purchaser, materially and adversely affect the performance by the Purchaser of its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, the Purchaser Basic Documents, the
Receivables or the Securities.

(b) Power and Authority. The Purchaser has the power and authority to execute and deliver and perform its obligations under the Purchaser Basic Documents, and the execution, delivery
and performance of the Purchaser Basic Documents has been duly authorized by the Purchaser. When executed and delivered, the Purchaser Basic Documents will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Purchaser enforceable in accordance
with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be subject to or limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, fraudulent transfer or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors
rights in general, and by general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a Proceeding in equity or at law.

(c) No Violation. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the fulfillment of the terms hereof do not conflict with, result in any breach of any of the
terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a default under, the certificate of formation or limited liability company agreement of the Purchaser, or any material indenture, agreement or other instrument to
which the Purchaser is a party or by which it is bound; nor result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such material indenture, agreement or other instrument (other than pursuant to the
Basic Documents); nor violate any Applicable Law or, to the best of its knowledge, any order, rule or regulation applicable to it of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over it or its properties, which conflict, breach, default, Lien or
violation would have a material adverse effect on the performance by the Purchaser of its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of the Purchaser Basic Documents, the Receivables or the Securities.

(d) No Proceedings. To the knowledge of the Purchaser, there are no Proceedings or investigations pending or threatened against the Purchaser before any Governmental Authority having
jurisdiction over the Purchaser or its properties (i) asserting the invalidity of any Basic Document, (ii) seeking to prevent the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by any Basic Document, (iii) seeking any determination or ruling
that would materially and adversely affect the performance by the Purchaser of its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, any Purchaser Basic Document or (iv) seeking any determination or ruling that would adversely affect the
United States federal tax attributes of the Issuer or the Securities.

5

(e) Principal Executive Office. The chief executive office of the Purchaser is at 35555 W. Twelve Mile Road, Suite 100, Farmington Hills, Michigan 48331.

Section 3.02. Representations and Warranties of the Seller. The Seller hereby represents and
warrants to the Purchaser as of the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date, that:

(a) Organization and Good Standing. The Seller has been duly organized and is validly existing as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware, and has the power
to own its assets and to transact the business in which it is currently engaged. The Seller has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals, and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the business transacted by it or
any properties owned or leased by it requires such authorization.

(b) Power and Authority. The Seller has the power and authority to execute and deliver and perform its obligations under the Seller Basic Documents, and the execution, delivery and
performance of the Seller Basic Documents has been duly authorized by the Seller. When executed and delivered, the Seller Basic Documents will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Seller enforceable in accordance with their
respective terms, except as enforceability may be subject to or limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, fraudulent transfer or other similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors
rights in general, and by general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a Proceeding in equity or at law.

(c) No Violation. The execution, delivery and performance by the Seller of this Agreement and the sale of the Receivables, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and
by each other Seller Basic Document and the fulfillment of the terms hereof and thereof will not conflict with, result in a breach of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a default
under the certificate of formation or limited liability company agreement of the Seller, nor conflict with or violate any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a default under, any material
indenture, agreement or other instrument to which it is a party or by which it shall be bound; nor result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such material indenture, agreement or other
instrument (other than this Agreement); nor violate any Applicable Law or, to the best of its knowledge, any order, rule or regulation applicable to it of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over it or its properties, which breach,
default, conflict, Lien or violation would have a material adverse effect on the Sellers earnings, business affairs or business prospects, on the ability of the Seller to perform its obligations under this Agreement or on the validity or
enforceability of the Seller Basic Documents, the Receivables or the Securities.

6

(d) No Proceedings. To the knowledge of the Seller, there are no Proceedings or investigations pending or threatened against the Seller before any Governmental Authority having
jurisdiction over the Seller or its properties (i) asserting the invalidity of any Basic Document, (ii) seeking to prevent the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by any Basic Document, (iii) seeking any determination or ruling
that would materially and adversely affect the performance by the Seller of its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, any Seller Basic Document or (iv) seeking any determination or ruling that would adversely affect the United
States federal tax attributes of the Issuer or the Securities.

(e) Principal Executive Office. The chief executive office of the Seller is at 35555 W. Twelve Mile Road, Suite 100, Farmington Hills, Michigan 48331.

(f) Schedule of Receivables. The information set forth in the Schedule of Receivables shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the close of business on the Cutoff Date,
and the Receivables were selected (i) from those motor vehicle receivables of the Seller which met the selection criteria set forth in this Agreement and (ii) using selection procedures, believed by the Seller, not to be adverse to the Purchaser or
Noteholders.

(g) Filings. All filings (including UCC filings) necessary in any jurisdiction to give the Purchaser, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee a first priority security interest in the
Receivables shall have been made or will be made on the Closing Date.

(h) No Consents. The Seller is not required to obtain the consent of any other party or any consent, license, approval, registration, authorization, or declaration of or with any
Governmental Authority in connection with the execution, delivery, performance, validity, or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Seller Basic Document that has not already been obtained.

(i) Solvency. The sale of the Receivables to the Purchaser is not being made with any intent to hinder, delay or defraud any creditors of the Seller. The Seller is not insolvent, nor
will the Seller be made insolvent by the transfer of the Receivables, nor does the Seller anticipate any pending insolvency.

Section 3.03. Representations and Warranties as to the Receivables.

(a) Eligibility of Receivables. The Seller makes the representations and
warranties set forth in Exhibit A with respect to the Receivables, on which the Purchaser relies in accepting the Receivables

and in selling, transferring, assigning and otherwise conveying the Receivables to the Issuer under the Sale and
Servicing Agreement and on which the Issuer relies in pledging the same to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture. Except as otherwise provided, such representations and warranties speak as of the date of execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Closing Date, but shall survive the sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance of the Receivables to the Purchaser, the subsequent sale,
transfer and assignment of the Receivables by the Purchaser to the Issuer pursuant to the Sale and
Servicing Agreement and the pledge of the Receivables by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture.

7

Section 3.04. Sellers Repurchase of Receivables for Breach of Representations.

(a) Repurchase of Receivables. In consideration of the sale of the Receivables pursuant to this Agreement, the Seller agrees to the repurchase provisions set forth in
Section 2.05 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. This repurchase obligation shall apply to all representations and warranties contained in Section 3.03 whether or not the Seller has knowledge of the breach at the time of the breach or at the
time the representations and warranties were made. In consideration of the repurchase of any such Receivable the Seller shall remit an amount equal to the Purchase Amount in respect of such Receivable to the Issuer in the manner set forth in the
Sale and Servicing Agreement.

(b) Repurchase Sole Remedy. The sole remedy for a breach of the Sellers representations and warranties made in Section 3.03 is to require the Seller to
repurchase the related Receivable under Section 2.05 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

(c) Dispute Resolution. The Seller agrees to be bound by the dispute resolution terms in Section 3.17 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement as if they were part
of this Agreement.

Section 3.05. Representations and Warranties as to Security Interests. The Seller represents and warrants to the Purchaser as of the Closing Date:

(a) This Agreement creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined in the applicable UCC) in the Receivables in favor of the Purchaser, which security interest is prior to all other
Liens, and is enforceable as such against creditors of and purchasers from the Seller.

(b) The Seller has taken all steps necessary to perfect its security interest against the Obligor in the Financed Vehicles.

(c) The Receivables constitute tangible chattel paper or electronic chattel paper (or, if such terms are not separately defined in the applicable UCC, chattel paper) within the meaning of
the applicable UCC.

(d) The Seller owns and has good and marketable title to the Receivables free and clear of any Lien, claim or encumbrance of any Person.

(e) All original executed copies of each loan agreement or installment sales contract that constitute or evidence of those Receivables that are tangible chattel paper have been delivered to
the Servicer, as custodian for the Issuer.

(f) The Seller has control (within the meaning of Section 9-105 of the applicable UCC) of the sole authoritative copy of any Receivable that constitutes electronic chattel paper and has not
communicated an authoritative copy of any Receivable that constitutes electronic chattel paper to any Person other than the Servicer (constructively communicated), as custodian for the Issuer.

(g) The Seller has received a written acknowledgment from the Servicer, if MBFS USA is not the Servicer, that the Servicer is holding the loan agreements or installment sales contracts that
constitute or evidence the Receivables solely on behalf and for the benefit of the Issuer.

8

(h) Other than the security interest granted to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, the Seller has not pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security interest in, or otherwise conveyed any of
the Receivables. The Seller has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing statements against the Seller that include a description of collateral covering the Receivables other than any financing statement relating to the
security interest granted to the Purchaser hereunder or that has been terminated. The Seller is not aware of any judgment or tax lien filings against the Seller.

(i) None of the loan agreements or installment sales contracts that constitute or evidence the Receivables has any marks or notations indicating that it has been pledged, assigned, or otherwise
conveyed to any Person other than the Purchaser.

9

ARTICLE FOUR

CONDITIONS

Section 4.01. Conditions to Obligation of the Purchaser. The

obligation of the Purchaser to purchase the Receivables from the Seller on the Closing Date is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

(a) Representations and Warranties True. The representations and warranties of the Seller contained herein and in the other Seller Basic Documents shall be true and correct on the
Closing Date with the same effect as if made on the Closing Date (except that certain representations and warranties are made as of the Cutoff Date), and the Seller shall have performed all obligations to be performed by it hereunder and under the
other Seller Basic Documents on or before the Closing Date.

(b) Computer Files Marked. The Seller shall, at its own expense, on or before the Closing Date, indicate in its computer files that the Receivables have been sold to the Purchaser
pursuant to this Agreement and deliver to the Purchaser an Officers Certificate confirming that its computer files have been marked pursuant to this subsection, and shall deliver to the Purchaser the Schedule of Receivables, certified by an
authorized officer of the Seller to be true, correct and complete.

(c) Execution of Basic Documents. The Basic Documents shall have been executed and delivered by the parties thereto.

(d) First-Tier Assignment. The Purchaser shall have received the First-Tier Assignment, dated as of the Closing Date.

(e) Other Transactions. The transactions contemplated by the Basic Documents shall be consummated on the Closing Date.

Section 4.02. Conditions to Obligation of the Seller. The obligation of the Seller to sell the
Receivables to the Purchaser on the Closing Date is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

(a) Representations and Warranties True. The representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained herein and in the other Purchaser Basic Documents shall be true and correct on the
Closing Date, with the same effect as if then made, and the Purchaser shall have performed all obligations to be performed by it hereunder and under the other Purchaser Basic Documents on or before the Closing Date.

(b) Payment of Receivables Purchase Price. In consideration of the sale of the Receivables from the Seller to the Purchaser as provided in Section 2.01, on the Closing
Date the Purchaser shall have paid to the Seller an aggregate amount equal to the Receivables Purchase Price.

10

ARTICLE FIVE

COVENANTS OF THE SELLER

Section 5.01. Protection of Right, Title and Interest in, to and Under the Receivables.

(a) The Seller, at its expense, shall cause this Agreement and all financing statements
and continuation statements and any other necessary documents covering the Purchasers right, title and interest in, to and under the Receivables and other
property conveyed by the Seller to the Purchaser hereunder to be promptly authorized, recorded, registered and filed, and at all times to be kept recorded,
registered and filed, all in such manner and in such places as may be required by Applicable Law fully to preserve and protect the right, title and interest of the Purchaser hereunder to the Receivables

and such other property. The Seller shall deliver to the Purchaser file-stamped copies of, or filing receipts for, any document recorded, registered or filed as provided above, as soon as available following such recording, registration or filing. The Purchaser shall cooperate fully with the Seller in connection with the obligations set forth above and will execute any and all documents
reasonably required to fulfill the intent of this subsection.

(b) Within 30 days after the Seller makes any change in its name, identity or organizational

structure which would make any financing statement or continuation statement filed in accordance with this Agreement seriously misleading within the meaning
of the UCC as in effect in the applicable State, the Seller shall give the Purchaser notice of any such change and within 30 days after such change shall
authorize, execute and file such financing statements or amendments as may be necessary to continue the perfection of the Purchasers security interest in the
Receivables and the proceeds thereof.

(c) The Seller shall give the Purchaser written notice within 60 days of any
relocation of any office from which the Seller keeps records concerning the Receivables or of its principal executive office or its jurisdiction of organization if, as a result of such relocation, the applicable provisions of the UCC would require the filing of any amendment of any previously filed financing or continuation

statement or of any new financing statement and within 60 days after such relocation shall authorize, execute and file such financing statements or amendments
as may be necessary to continue the perfection of the interest of the Purchaser in the Receivables and the proceeds thereof. The Seller shall at all times maintain its jurisdiction of organization, its principal place of business, its chief executive office and the location of the office where the Receivable Files and any accounts and records relating to the Receivables are kept within the United States.

(d) The Seller shall maintain accounts and records as to each Receivable accurately
and in sufficient detail to permit (i) the reader thereof to know at any time the status of such Receivable, including payments and recoveries made and payments owing (and the nature of each) and (ii) reconciliation between payments or recoveries on (or with respect to) each Receivable.

11

(e) The Seller shall maintain its computer systems so that, from and after the time of the transfer of the Receivables to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, the Sellers master computer records (including

any back-up archives) that refer to a Receivable shall indicate clearly and unambiguously that such Receivable is owned by
the Purchaser (or, upon transfer of the Receivables to the Issuer, by the
Issuer). Indication of the Purchasers ownership of a Receivable shall be deleted from or modified on the Sellers computer systems when, and only when, such Receivable shall have been paid in full or has been repurchased by the Seller.

(f) If at any time the Seller shall propose to sell, grant a security interest in or otherwise

transfer any interest in any motor vehicle installment sales contract or installment loan to any prospective purchaser, lender or other transferee, the Seller

shall give to such prospective purchaser, lender or other transferee computer tapes, compact disks, records or print-outs (including any restored from back-up archives) that, if they shall refer in any manner whatsoever to any Receivable,
shall indicate clearly and unambiguously that such Receivable has been sold and is owned by the Purchaser (or, upon
transfer of the Receivables to the Issuer, by the Issuer), unless such Receivable has been paid in full or repurchased by the Seller.

(g) The Seller shall permit the Purchaser and its agents at any time during normal
business hours to inspect, audit and make copies of and abstracts from the Sellers records regarding any Receivable, upon reasonable prior notice.

(h) If the Seller has repurchased one or more Receivables from the Purchaser or the Issuer pursuant to Section 3.04, the Seller shall, upon request, furnish to the Purchaser, within ten Business Days, a list of all Receivables (by

Receivable number) then owned by the Purchaser or the Issuer, together with a reconciliation of such list to the Schedule

of Receivables.

Section 5.02. Security Interests. Except for the conveyances hereunder, the Seller covenants that it will
not sell, pledge, assign or transfer to any other Person, or grant, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on any Receivable, whether now existing or hereafter created, or any interest therein; the Seller will immediately notify the
Purchaser of the existence of any Lien on any Receivable and, in the event that the interests of the Noteholders in such Receivable are materially and adversely affected, such Receivable shall be repurchased from the Purchaser by the Seller in the
manner and with the effect specified in Section 3.04, and the Seller shall defend the right, title and interest of the Purchaser and its assigns in, to and under the Receivables, whether now existing or hereafter created, against all claims of
third parties claiming through or under the Seller; provided, however, that nothing in this Section shall prevent or be deemed to prohibit the Seller from suffering to exist upon a Receivable any Permitted Lien or any Lien for municipal or other
local taxes if such taxes shall not at the time be due and payable or if the Seller shall currently be contesting the validity of such taxes in good faith by appropriate Proceedings and shall have set aside on its books adequate reserves with
respect thereto.

Section 5.03. Delivery of Payments. The Seller covenants and agrees to deliver in kind upon receipt to the
Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement all payments received by or on behalf of the Seller in respect of the Receivables as soon as practicable after receipt thereof by the Seller.

Section 5.04. No Impairment. The Seller covenants that it shall take no action, nor omit to take any
action, which would impair the rights of the Purchaser, the Issuer or the Noteholders in any Receivable, nor shall it, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or the Sale and Servicing Agreement, reschedule, revise or defer payments due on
any Receivable.

12

Section 5.05. Costs and Expenses. The Seller shall pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred in
connection with the perfection of the Purchasers right, title and interest in, to and under the Receivables.

Section 5.06. Sale. The Seller agrees to treat the conveyances hereunder for all purposes (including
financial accounting purposes) as an absolute transfer on all relevant books, records, financial statements and related documents.

Section 5.07. Hold Harmless. The Seller shall protect, defend, indemnify and hold the Purchaser and the
Issuer and their respective assigns and their attorneys, accountants, employees, officers and directors harmless from and against all losses, costs, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses of every kind and character, as incurred, resulting from
or relating to or arising out of (i) the inaccuracy, nonfulfillment or breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by the Seller in this Agreement, (ii) any legal action, including any counterclaim, that has either been
settled by the litigants (which settlement, if the Seller is not a party thereto shall be with the consent of the Seller) or has proceeded to judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction, in either case to the extent it is based upon alleged facts
that, if true, would constitute a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by the Seller in this Agreement, (iii) any actions or omissions of the Seller or any employee or agent of the Seller occurring prior to the Closing
Date with respect to any Receivable or the related Financed Vehicle or (iv) any failure of a Receivable to be originated in compliance with Applicable Law. These indemnity obligations shall be in addition to any obligation that the Seller may
otherwise have.

13

ARTICLE SIX

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 6.01. Amendment.

(a) This Agreement may be amended from time to time by a written amendment duly executed and delivered by the parties hereto
without the consent of any Securityholder to cure any ambiguity or mistake, to correct or supplement any provision herein which may be inconsistent with any other provision herein or the Prospectus or to add, change or eliminate any other provision with respect to matters or questions arising under this Agreement; provided, however, that no such amendment shall materially adversely affect the interests of any Noteholder. Any amendment to this Agreement shall be
deemed not to materially adversely affect the interests of any Noteholder if (i) an Opinion of Counsel to the Seller or an Officers Certificate of the Issuer to
that effect is delivered to the Indenture Trustee and (ii) the Rating Agency Condition has been satisfied with respect to such action.

This Agreement may also be amended from time to time for any other purpose by a written amendment duly executed and delivered by the Seller and by the Purchaser with the consent of the Indenture Trustee and the Holders
of Notes evidencing not less than 66% of the Note Balance of the Notes (or if the Notes are no longer Outstanding, Holders of Certificates evidencing not less than 51% of the aggregate Certificate Percentage Interests); provided, however, that no
such amendment may reduce the percentage of the Note Balance of the Notes or of the Certificate Percentage Interest, the consent of the Noteholders or the Certificateholders, respectively, of which is required for any amendment to this Agreement
without the consent of 100% of the Holders of all Notes then Outstanding or all Certificates, respectively.

Promptly after the execution of any such amendment, the Seller shall furnish written notification of the substance of such amendment to the Trustees and the Rating Agencies.

Section 6.02. Termination. The respective obligations and responsibilities of the Seller and the Purchaser
created hereby shall terminate, except for the indemnity obligations of the Seller as provided herein, upon the termination of the Issuer as provided in the Trust Agreement.

Section 6.03. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE
GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHERWISE APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS (OTHER THAN SECTIONS 51401 OR 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW), AND THE
OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

Section 6.04. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. TO THE EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO HAVE A JURY PARTICIPATE IN RESOLVING ANY DISPUTE, WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE BETWEEN THE PARTIES HERETO ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED WITH, RELATED TO OR
INCIDENTAL TO THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN ANY OF THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. INSTEAD, ANY SUCH DISPUTE RESOLVED IN COURT WILL BE RESOLVED IN A BENCH TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY.

14

Section 6.05. Notices. Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, all notices, requests, demands, consents, waivers or other communications to or
from the parties to this Agreement will be in writing. Notices, requests, demands, consents and other communications will be deemed to have been given and made, (i) upon delivery or, in the case of a letter mailed via registered first class mail,
postage prepaid, three days after deposit in the mail and (ii) in the case of (a) a facsimile, when receipt is confirmed by telephone or by reply e-mail or reply facsimile from the recipient, (b) an e-mail, when receipt is confirmed by telephone or
by reply email from the recipient and (c) an electronic posting to a password-protected website, upon printed confirmation of the recipients access to such password-protected website, or when notification of such electronic posting is confirmed
in accordance with clauses (ii)(b) through (ii)(c) above. Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, any such notice, request, demand, consent or other communication will be delivered or addressed, in the case of (i) the Seller, at 35555 W.
Twelve Mile Road, Suite 100, Farmington Hills, Michigan 48331, Attention: Steven C. Poling (e-mail: steven.c.poling@mercedes-benz.com, telecopier: (817) 224-3587), (ii) the Purchaser, at 35555 W. Twelve Mile Road, Suite 100, Farmington Hills,
Michigan 48331, Attention: Michelle D. Spreitzer (e-mail: michelle.d.spreitzer@mercedes-benz.com, telecopier: (817) 224-3587) and (iii) as to each of the foregoing, at such other address as shall be designated by written notice to the other party.

Section 6.06. Severability. If any one or more of the covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of this Agreement is held invalid, illegal or
unenforceable, then such covenants, agreements, provisions or terms will be deemed severable from the remaining covenants, agreements, provisions and terms of this Agreement and will in no way affect the validity, legality or enforceability of the
other covenants, agreements, provisions and terms of this Agreement or of the Receivables or the rights of the holders thereof.

Section 6.07. Further Assurances. The Seller and the Purchaser agree to do and perform, from time to time,
any and all acts and to execute any and all further instruments required or reasonably requested by the other party hereto or by the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee more fully to effect the purposes of this Agreement, including the execution of any
financing statements, amendments, continuation statements or releases relating to the Receivables for filing under the provisions of the UCC or other law of any applicable jurisdiction.

Section 6.08. Waivers. No failure or delay on the part of the Seller or the Purchaser in exercising any power, right or remedy under this Agreement
will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other power, right or remedy.

Section 6.09. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which
will be an original, and all of which will together constitute one and the same instrument.

15

Section 6.10. Successors and Assigns. All covenants and agreements contained herein will be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties
hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, all as provided in this Agreement. Any request, notice, direction, consent, waiver or other instrument or action by a party to this Agreement will bind the successors and assigns of
such party. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, no other Person will have any right or obligation under this Agreement.

Section 6.11. Table of Contents and Headings. The Table of Contents and the various headings in this Agreement are included for convenience only and
will not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement.

Section 6.12. Representations, Warranties and Agreements to Survive. The respective representations,
warranties and agreements by the Seller and the Purchaser set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will remain in full force and effect and will survive the closing hereunder of the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section 6.13. No Petition. Each of the Seller and the Purchaser covenants that it will not at any time institute against, or join any Person in
instituting against, the Issuer or the Purchaser any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation Proceedings or other Proceedings under any Insolvency Law in connection with any obligations relating to the Notes or any Basic
Document and agrees that it will not cooperate with or encourage others to file a bankruptcy petition against the Issuer or the Purchaser during the same period.

Section 6.14. Electronic Signatures. Any signature (including any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated
with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record) hereto or to any other certificate, agreement or document related to this Agreement, and any contract formation or
record-keeping through electronic means shall have the same legal validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based recordkeeping system to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, including the Federal
Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act or any similar State law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.

16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Receivables Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers,
thereunto duly authorized, as of the day and year first above written.

MERCEDES-BENZ FINANCIAL SERVICES USA LLC, as Seller

By: 

/s/ Susan Sinclair

Name: 

Susan Sinclair

Title: 

Vice President

MERCEDES-BENZ RETAIL RECEIVABLES LLC,

as Purchaser

By: /s/ Susan Sinclair

Name: 

Susan Sinclair

Title: 

Vice President

Receivables Purchase Agreement

SCHEDULE A

SCHEDULE OF RECEIVABLES

[Original on file at Purchasers office]

SA-1

EXHIBIT A

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES AS TO THE RECEIVABLES

See Exhibit A to Sale and Servicing Agreement

A-1

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF FIRST-TIER ASSIGNMENT

January __, 2025

For value received, in accordance with the receivables purchase agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the Receivables Purchase Agreement),
between MERCEDES-BENZ FINANCIAL SERVICES USA LLC (the Seller) and MERCEDES-BENZ RETAIL RECEIVABLES LLC (the Purchaser), the Seller does hereby irrevocably sell, transfer, assign and otherwise convey unto the Purchaser, without recourse (subject
to the obligations of the Seller herein and in the Receivables Purchase Agreement), all right, title and interest of the Seller, whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising, and wheresoever located, in, to and under the
following:

(i) the Receivables listed on Schedule A hereto (the Receivables) and all amounts due and collected on or in respect of the Receivables (including proceeds of the repurchase of Receivables
by the Seller pursuant to Section 2.05 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or Section 3.04 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement or the purchase of Receivables by the Servicer pursuant to Sections 3.03, 3.08 or 8.01 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement) after the Cutoff Date;

(ii) the security interests in the Financed Vehicles granted by the Obligors pursuant to the Receivables and any other interest of the Seller in such Financed Vehicles;

(iii) all proceeds from claims on any physical damage or theft insurance policies and extended warranties covering such Financed Vehicles and any proceeds of any credit life or credit
disability insurance policies relating to the Receivables, the related Financed Vehicles or the related Obligors;

(iv) the Receivable Files that relate to the Receivables;

(v) any proceeds of Dealer Recourse that relate to the Receivables;

(vi) the right to realize upon any property (including the right to receive future Net Liquidation Proceeds and Recoveries) that shall have secured a Receivable and have been repossessed by or
on behalf of the Seller; and

(vii) all present and future claims, demands, causes of action and choses in action in respect of any or all of the foregoing, and all payments on or under and all proceeds of every kind and
nature whatsoever in respect of any or all of the foregoing, including all proceeds of the conversion thereof, voluntary or involuntary, into cash or other liquid property, all accounts, accounts receivable, general intangibles, chattel paper,
documents, money, investment property, deposit accounts, letters of credit, letter of credit rights, insurance proceeds, condemnation awards, notes, drafts, acceptances, rights to payment of any and every kind and other forms of obligations and
receivables, instruments and other property which at any time constitutes all or part of, or is included in, the proceeds of any of the foregoing.

B-1

In the event that the foregoing sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance is deemed to be a pledge, the Seller hereby grants to the Purchaser

a first priority security interest in all of the Sellers right to and interest in the Receivables and other property
described in clauses (i) through (vii) above to secure a loan deemed to have been made by the Purchaser to the Seller in an amount equal to the sum of the initial principal amount of the Notes plus accrued interest thereon.

THIS FIRST-TIER ASSIGNMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHERWISE APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS (OTHER
THAN SECTIONS 51401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW), AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

This First-Tier Assignment is made pursuant to and upon the representations, warranties and agreements on the part of the undersigned contained in the Receivables Purchase
Agreement and is to be governed by the Receivables Purchase Agreement.

Capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Receivables Purchase
Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this First-Tier Assignment to be duly executed as of the day and year first written
above.

MERCEDES-BENZ FINANCIAL SERVICES USA LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

B-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ef20042316_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

MERCEDES-BENZ AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1,

as Issuer,

MERCEDES-BENZ FINANCIAL SERVICES USA LLC,

as Servicer and Administrator,

and

CLAYTON FIXED INCOME SERVICES LLC,

as Asset Representations Reviewer

ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEW 

AGREEMENT

Dated as of January 1, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE ONE 

DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.01. 

Capitalized Terms; Rules of Usage 

1

ARTICLE TWO 

ENGAGEMENT; ACCEPTANCE 

Section 2.01. 

Engagement; Acceptance 

3

Section 2.02. 

Confirmation of Status 

3

ARTICLE THREE 

ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEW PROCESS 

Section 3.01. 

Review Notices and Identification of Review Assets 

3

Section 3.02. 

Review Materials 

4

Section 3.03. 

Performance of Reviews 

4

Section 3.04. 

Review Report 

5

Section 3.05. 

Review Representatives 

5

Section 3.06. 

Dispute Resolution 6

Section 3.07. 

Limitations on Review Obligations 

6

ARTICLE FOUR 

ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEWER 

Section 4.01. 

Representations and Warranties of the Asset Representations Reviewer 

6

Section 4.02. 

Covenants 

7

Section 4.03. 

Fees and Expenses 

8

Section 4.04. 

Limitation on Liability 

9

Section 4.05. 

Indemnification by Asset Representations Reviewer 

9

Section 4.06. 

Indemnification of Asset Representations Reviewer 

9

Section 4.07. 

Inspections of Asset Representations Reviewer 

10

Section 4.08. 

Delegation of Obligations 

11

Section 4.09. 

Confidential Information 

11

Section 4.10. 

Personally Identifiable Information 

12

i

ARTICLE FIVE 

REMOVAL; RESIGNATION 

Section 5.01. 

Eligibility of the Asset Representations Reviewer 

13

Section 5.02. 

Resignation and Removal of Asset Representations Reviewer 

13

Section 5.03. 

Successor Asset Representations Reviewer 

14

Section 5.04. 

Merger, Consolidation or Succession 

15

ARTICLE SIX 

OTHER AGREEMENTS 

Section 6.01. 

Independence of the Asset Representations Reviewer 

15

Section 6.02. 

No Petition 

15

Section 6.03. 

Limitation of Liability of Owner Trustee 

15

Section 6.04. 

Termination of Agreement 

16

ARTICLE SEVEN 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

Section 7.01. 

Amendments 

16

Section 7.02. 

Assignment; Benefit of Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries 

16

Section 7.03. 

Notices 

17

Section 7.04. 

GOVERNING LAW 

17

Section 7.05. 

WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 

17

Section 7.06. 

No Waiver; Remedies 

17

Section 7.07. 

Severability 

18

Section 7.08. 

Table of Contents and Headings 

18

Section 7.09. 

Counterparts 

18

Section 7.10. 

Electronic Signatures 

18

SCHEDULES 

Schedule A Representations and Warranties, Review Materials and Tests 

SA-1

ii

This ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEW AGREEMENT, dated as of January 1, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this Agreement), is among MERCEDES-BENZ AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1,
a Delaware statutory trust (the Issuer), MERCEDES-BENZ FINANCIAL SERVICES USA, a Delaware limited liability company, as servicer and administrator (in such capacities, the Servicer and the Administrator respectively), and CLAYTON FIXED INCOME
SERVICES LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Asset Representations Reviewer).

WHEREAS, the Issuer will engage the Asset Representations Reviewer to perform a review of certain receivables arising in connection with motor vehicle installment sales contracts and installment loans for compliance with
certain representations and warranties made with respect thereto; and

WHEREAS, the Asset Representations Reviewer desires to perform such review in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, the mutual covenants herein contained, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as
follows:

ARTICLE ONE

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01. Capitalized Terms; Rules of Usage . Capitalized terms used in this Agreement that are not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in Appendix A to the
Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025, among the Issuer, the Depositor, and Mercedes-Benz Financial Services USA LLC, which Appendix is hereby incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement. Appendix A also contains rules as
to usage applicable to this Agreement. Whenever used herein, unless the context otherwise requires, the following words and phrases shall have the respective meanings set forth below for all purposes of this Agreement. In the event of any conflict
between a definition appearing below and any other Basic Document, the definition appearing below shall control for purposes of this Agreement.

Annual Fee has the meaning stated in Section 4.03(a).

Annual Period means each annual period commencing on the Closing Date, in the case of the first such period, and otherwise on the most recent anniversary of the Closing Date and ending on the next anniversary of
the Closing Date.

ARR Indemnified Person means the Asset Representations Reviewer and its officers, directors, employees and agents.

Confidential Information means oral, written and electronic materials (irrespective of its source or form of communication) furnished before, on or after the date of this Agreement to the Asset Representations
Reviewer for the purposes contemplated by this Agreement, including (i) lists of Review Assets and any related Review Materials, (ii) origination and servicing guidelines, policies and procedures, and form contracts and (iii) notes, analyses,
compilations, studies or other documents or records prepared by the Servicer, which contain information supplied by or on behalf of the Servicer or its representatives; provided, that Confidential Information will not include information that (a) is or
becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of disclosure by the Information Recipients, (b) was available to, or becomes available to, the Information Recipients on a non-confidential basis from a Person or entity other than the
Issuer or the Servicer before its disclosure to the Information Recipients who, to the knowledge of the Information Recipient, is not bound by a confidentiality agreement with the Issuer or the Servicer and is not prohibited from transmitting the
information to the Information Recipients, (c) is independently developed by the Information Recipients without the use of Confidential Information, as shown by the Information Recipients files and records or other evidence in the Information
Recipients possession or (d) the Issuer or the Servicer provides permission to the applicable Information Recipients to release.

Eligible Representations means those representations identified within the Tests included in Schedule A.

Information Recipients means the Asset Representations Reviewer and its officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives or Affiliates, including legal counsel.

Issuer PII means PII (i) furnished by the Issuer, the Servicer or their respective Affiliates to the Asset Representations Reviewer and (ii) developed or otherwise collected or acquired by the Asset
Representations Reviewer in performing its obligations under this Agreement.

Personally Identifiable Information or PII means information in any format about an identifiable individual, including name, address, phone number, e-mail address, account number(s), identification
number(s), any other actual or assigned attribute associated with or identifiable to an individual and any information that when used separately or in combination with other information could identify an individual.

Review means the completion by the Asset Representations Reviewer of the procedures listed under Tests in Schedule A for each Review Asset as described in Section 3.03.

Review Assets means those Receivables identified by the Servicer as requiring a Review by the Asset Representations Reviewer following receipt of a Review Notice pursuant to Section 3.01.

Review Fee has the meaning stated in Section 4.03(b).

Review Materials means the documents, data and other information required for each Test in Schedule A.

Review Notice means a notice delivered to the Asset Representations Reviewer by the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 7.02 of the Indenture.

2

Review Report means the report prepared and delivered by the Asset Representations Reviewer pursuant to Section 3.04, which will, among other things, (i) indicate for each Review Asset whether there was a Test
Pass, Test Fail or Test Complete for each related Test, (ii) include, for each Test Fail or Test Complete, the related reason for such Test Fail or Test Complete, including (for example) whether the Review Asset was a Test Fail as a result of missing
or incomplete Review Materials and (iii) contain a summary of the Review results to be included in the Issuers Form 10-D report for the Collection Period in which the Review Report is received.

Test Complete has the meaning stated in Section 3.03(c).

Test Fail has the meaning stated in Section 3.03(a).

Test Pass has the meaning stated in Section 3.03(a).

Tests mean the procedures listed in Schedule A as applied to the process described in Section 3.03.

ARTICLE TWO

ENGAGEMENT; ACCEPTANCE

Section 2.01. Engagement; Acceptance . The Issuer hereby engages Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC to act as the Asset Representations Reviewer for the Issuer. Clayton Fixed Income
Services LLC accepts the engagement and agrees to perform the obligations of the Asset Representations Reviewer on the terms stated in this Agreement.

Section 2.02. Confirmation of Status . The parties confirm that the Asset Representations Reviewer is not responsible for (i) reviewing the Receivables for compliance with the
representations and warranties under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, except as described in this Agreement, or (ii) determining whether noncompliance with the representations or warranties constitutes a breach of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

ARTICLE THREE

ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEW PROCESS

Section 3.01. Review Notices and Identification of Review Assets . On receipt of a Review Notice from the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 7.02 of the Indenture, the Asset
Representations Reviewer will start a Review. Once a Review Notice has been issued, the Servicer will provide the list of Review Assets to the Asset Representations Reviewer within ten Business Days. The Asset Representations Reviewer will not be
obligated to start a Review until a Review Notice and the related list of Review Assets is received. The Asset Representations Reviewer is not obligated to verify (i) whether the Indenture Trustee properly determined that a Review Notice was required
or (ii) the accuracy or completeness of the list of Review Assets provided by the Servicer.

3

Section 3.02. Review Materials.

(a) Access to Review Materials. Within 60 days of the delivery of a Review Notice, the Servicer will provide the Asset Representations Reviewer with access to the Review Materials for all Review Assets in
one or more of the following ways: (i) by providing access to the Servicers systems, either remotely or at an office of the Servicer, (ii) by electronic posting to a password-protected website to which the Asset Representations Reviewer has access,
(iii) by providing originals or photocopies at an office of the Servicer or (iv) in another manner agreed upon by the Servicer and the Asset Representations Reviewer. The Servicer may redact or remove Personally Identifiable Information from the
Review Materials without changing the meaning or usefulness of the Review Materials. Once a Review Notice has been received, the Servicer will provide the list of Review Assets to the Asset Representations Reviewer within ten Business Days. The Asset
Representations Reviewer will not be obligated to start a Review until a Review Notice and the related list of Review Assets is received. The Asset Representations Reviewer is not obligated to verify (i) whether the Indenture Trustee properly
determined that a Review Notice was required or (ii) the accuracy or completeness of the list of Review Assets provided by the Servicer.

(b) Missing or Insufficient Review Materials. The Asset Representations Reviewer will review the Review Materials to determine if any Review Materials are missing or insufficient for the Asset
Representations Reviewer to perform any Test. If the Asset Representations Reviewer determines that any Review Materials are missing or are so insufficient, the Asset Representations Reviewer will notify the Servicer promptly, and in any event no less
than 30 days before completing the Review. The Servicer will have 60 days to give the Asset Representations Reviewer access to the missing Review Materials or other documents or information to correct the insufficiency. If the missing Review
Materials or other documents have not been provided by the Servicer within 60 days, the related Review Report will report a Test Fail for each Test that requires use of the missing or insufficient Review Materials.

Section 3.03. Performance of Reviews.

(a) Test Procedures. For a Review, the Asset Representations Reviewer will perform, for each Review Asset, the Tests for each Eligible Representation. In the course of its review, the Asset
Representations Reviewer will use the Review Materials listed in Schedule A. For each Test and Review Asset, the Asset Representations Reviewer will determine if the Test has been satisfied (a Test Pass) or if the Test has not been satisfied (a
Test Fail).

(b) Review Period. The Asset Representations Reviewer will complete the Review within 60 days of receiving access to the Review Materials. If, however, additional Review Materials are provided to the
Asset Representations Reviewer as described in Section 3.02(b), the Review period will be extended for an additional 30 days.

(c) Completion of Review for Certain Review Assets. Following the delivery of the list of the Review Assets and before the delivery of the Review Report by the Asset Representations Reviewer, the Servicer
may notify the Asset Representations Reviewer if a Review Asset has been paid in full by the Obligor or purchased from the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. On receipt of such notice, the Asset Representations
Reviewer will immediately terminate all Tests of the related Review Asset and the Review of such Review Assets will be considered complete (a Test Complete). In this case, the related Review Report will indicate a Test Complete for such Review Asset
and the related reason.

4

(d) Duplicative Tests. If the same Test is required for more than one representation and warranty, the Asset Representations Reviewer will only perform the Test once for each Review Asset, but will report
the results of the Test for each applicable representation and warranty on the Review Report.

(e) Termination of Review. If a Review is in process and the Notes will be paid in full on the next Payment Date, the Servicer will notify the Asset Representations Reviewer no less than five days before
that Payment Date. On receipt of such notice, the Asset Representations Reviewer will terminate the Review immediately and will not be obligated to deliver a Review Report.

Section 3.04. Review Report. Within five Business Days after the end of the applicable Review period under Section 3.03(b), the Asset Representations Reviewer will deliver to the
Issuer, the Servicer and the Indenture Trustee a Review Report. The Asset Representations Reviewer will ensure that the Review Report does not contain any Personally Identifiable Information. On reasonable request of the Servicer, the Asset
Representations Reviewer will provide additional details on the Test results.

Section 3.05. Review Representatives.

(a) Servicer Representative. The Servicer will designate one or more representatives who will be available to assist the Asset Representations Reviewer in performing the Review, including responding to
requests and answering questions from the Asset Representations Reviewer about access to Review Materials on the Servicers originations, receivables or other systems, obtaining missing or insufficient Review Materials and/or providing clarification of
any Review Materials or Tests.

(b) Asset Representations Review Representative. The Asset Representations Reviewer will designate one or more representatives who will be available to the Issuer, the Servicer and the Administrator during
the performance of a Review.

(c) Questions About Review. The Asset Representations Reviewer will make appropriate personnel available to respond in writing to written questions or requests for clarification of any Review Report from
the Indenture Trustee or the Servicer until the earlier of (i) the payment in full of the Notes and (ii) one year after the delivery of the Review Report. The Asset Representations Reviewer will not be obligated to respond to questions or requests for
clarification from Noteholders or any other Person and will direct such Persons to submit written questions or requests to the Servicer.

5

Section 3.06. Dispute Resolution. If a Review Asset that was the subject of a Review becomes the subject of a dispute resolution proceeding under Section 3.17 of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement, the Asset Representations Reviewer will participate in the dispute resolution proceeding on request of a party to the proceeding. The reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Asset Representations Reviewer for its participation in
any dispute resolution proceeding will be considered expenses of the requesting party for the dispute resolution and will be paid, in the case of (i) an arbitration, by a party to the dispute resolution as determined by the arbitrator for the dispute
resolution, and (ii) a mediation, as the parties shall mutually determine, in each case according to Section 3.17 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. If not paid by a party to the dispute resolution, the expenses will be reimbursed by the Issuer
pursuant to Section 4.03(d).

Section 3.07. Limitations on Review Obligations.

(a) Review Process Limitations. The Asset Representations Reviewer will have no obligation (i) to determine whether a Delinquency Trigger has occurred or whether the required percentage of Noteholders has
voted to direct a Review under the Indenture, (ii) to determine which Receivables are subject to a Review, (iii) to obtain or confirm the validity of the Review Materials, (iv) to obtain missing or insufficient Review Materials, (v) to take any action
or cause any other party to take any action under any of the Basic Documents to enforce any remedies for breaches of representations or warranties about the Eligible Representations, (vi) to determine the reason for the delinquency of any Review Asset,
the creditworthiness of any Obligor, the overall quality of any Review Asset or the compliance by the Servicer with its covenants with respect to the servicing of such Review Asset or (vii) to establish cause, materiality or recourse for any failed
Test.

(b) Testing Procedure Limitations. The Asset Representations Reviewer will only be required to perform the Tests listed in Schedule A, and will not be obligated to perform additional procedures on any
Review Asset or to provide any information other than a Review Report. The Asset Representations Reviewer may, however, provide additional information in a Review Report about any Review Asset that it determines in good faith to be material to the
Review.

ARTICLE FOUR

ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEWER

Section 4.01. Representations and Warranties of the Asset Representations Reviewer. The Asset Representations Reviewer hereby makes the following representations and warranties as of
the Closing Date:

(a) Organization and Qualification. The Asset Representations Reviewer is duly organized and validly existing as a limited liability company in good standing under the laws of the State
of Delaware. The Asset Representations Reviewer is qualified as a foreign limited liability company in good standing and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of its properties or the
conduct of its activities requires the qualification, license or approval, unless the failure to obtain the qualifications, licenses or approvals would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Asset Representations Reviewers
ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

6

(b) Power, Authority and Enforceability. The Asset Representations Reviewer has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement. The Asset
Representations Reviewer has authorized the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. This Agreement is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Asset Representations Reviewer, enforceable against the Asset Representations Reviewer
except as enforcement may be limited by insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or other laws relating to the enforcement of creditors rights or by general equitable principles.

(c) No Conflicts and No Violation. The completion of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the performance of the Asset Representations Reviewers obligations under this
Agreement will not (i) conflict with, or be a breach or default under, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, guarantee or similar document under which the Asset Representations Reviewer is a debtor or guarantor, (ii) result in the
creation or imposition of a Lien on the properties or assets of the Asset Representations Reviewer under the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, guarantee or similar document, (iii) violate the organizational documents of
the Asset Representations Reviewer or (iv) violate any Applicable Law or, to the Asset Representations Reviewers knowledge, an order, rule or regulation of a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Asset Representations Reviewer or its
properties that applies to the Asset Representations Reviewer, which, in each case, would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Asset Representations Reviewers ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(d) No Proceedings. To the Asset Representations Reviewers knowledge, there are no proceedings or investigations pending or threatened in writing before a Governmental Authority having
jurisdiction over the Asset Representations Reviewer or its properties (i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement, (ii) seeking to prevent the completion of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (iii) seeking any determination or
ruling that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Asset Representations Reviewers ability to perform its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement.

(e) Eligibility. The Asset Representations Reviewer meets the eligibility requirements in Section 5.01.

Section 4.02. Covenants. The Asset Representations Reviewer covenants and agrees that: 

(a) Eligibility. It will notify the Issuer and the Servicer promptly if it no longer meets, or reasonably expects that it will no longer meet, the eligibility requirements in Section
5.01.

(b) Review Systems; Personnel. It will maintain business process management and/or other systems necessary to ensure that it can perform each Test and, as soon as practical following
execution of this Agreement, will load each Test into these systems. The Asset Representations Reviewer will ensure that these systems allow for each Review Asset and the related Review Materials to be individually tracked and stored as contemplated
by this Agreement. The Asset Representations Reviewer will maintain adequate staff that is properly trained to conduct Reviews as required by this Agreement.

7

(c) Maintenance of Review Materials. It will maintain copies of any Review Materials, Review Reports and other documents relating to a Review, including internal correspondence and work
papers, for a period of at least two years after the termination of this Agreement.

Section 4.03. Fees and Expenses.

(a) Annual Fee. As compensation for its activities hereunder, the Asset Representations Reviewer shall be entitled to receive an annual fee (the Annual Fee) with respect to each Annual Period prior to
the termination of the Issuer, in an amount equal to $5,000.00. The Annual Fee will be paid by the Issuer on the Closing Date and on each anniversary of the Closing Date until this Agreement is terminated; provided, however, that if the Asset
Representations Reviewer resigns or is removed in accordance with Section 5.02, then the Asset Representations Reviewer shall refund to the Issuer a portion of the Annual Fee attributable to the portion of the annual period during which the Asset
Representations Reviewer will no longer act as the Asset Representations Reviewer, assuming for purposes of such calculation that the Annual Fee for each day during the annual period is an amount equal to the Annual Fee divided by 365.

(b) Review Fee. Following the completion of a Review and the delivery of the related Review Report pursuant to Section 3.04, or the termination of a Review according to Section 3.03(e), and the delivery to
the Indenture Trustee and the Servicer of a detailed invoice, the Asset Representations Reviewer will be entitled to a fee of $175.00 for each Review Asset for which the Review was started (the Review Fee), payable by the Issuer. No Review Fee will,
however, be charged for any Review Asset which was included in a prior Review or for which no Tests were completed prior to the Asset Representations Reviewer being notified of a termination of the Review according to Section 3.03(c) or due to missing
or insufficient Review Materials under Section 3.02(b). If the detailed invoice is submitted on or before the first day of a month, the Review Fee will be paid by the Issuer according to the priority of payments in the Indenture on the Payment Date in
that month. If, however, a Review is terminated according to Section 3.03(e), the Asset Representations Reviewer must submit its invoice for the Review Fee for the terminated Review no later than ten Business Days before the final Payment Date to be
reimbursed on such final Payment Date.

(c) Reimbursement of Travel Expenses. If the Servicer provides access to the Review Materials at one of its properties, the Issuer will reimburse the Asset Representations Reviewer for its reasonable
travel expenses incurred in connection with the Review upon receipt of a detailed invoice.

(d) Dispute Resolution Expenses. If the Asset Representations Reviewer participates in a dispute resolution proceeding under Section 3.07 and its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses for participating in the
proceeding are not paid by a party to the dispute resolution within 90 days after the end of the proceeding, the Issuer will reimburse the Asset Representations Reviewer for such expenses upon receipt of a detailed invoice.

8

(e) Payment of Invoices. When applicable pursuant to this Section, the fees and expenses of the Asset Representations Reviewer are to be paid via the priority of payments described in Section 2.08 of the
Indenture. The Asset Representations Reviewer will issue invoices to the Issuer at the notice addresses set forth in Section 11.04 of the Indenture and Issuer shall pay all invoices submitted by the Asset Representations Reviewer no later than the
Payment Date relating to the Collection Period that includes the 30th day following the receipt by the Issuer, in accordance with the priority of payments described in Section 2.08 of the Indenture. The Administrator shall promptly pay to the Asset
Representations Reviewer the amount of any fees, expenses and indemnification amounts not otherwise paid or reimbursed by the Issuer on any Payment Date in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 of the Indenture; provided, that the Asset
Representations Reviewer shall promptly reimburse the Administrator for any such amounts to the extent it subsequently receives payment or reimbursement in respect thereof from the Issuer in accordance with Section 2.08 of the Indenture, as
applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the aggregate limit on the Asset Representations Reviewer fees, expenses and indemnities specified in Section 2.08 of the Indenture shall not apply to payments made or to be made by the Administrator to the
Asset Representations Reviewer pursuant to this subsection.

Section 4.04. Limitation on Liability. The Asset Representations Reviewer will not be liable to any Person for any action taken, or not taken, in good faith under this Agreement or
for errors in judgment. The Asset Representations Reviewer will, however, be liable for its willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence in performing its obligations under this Agreement, but in no event will it be liable for special, indirect or
consequential losses or damages (including lost profit), even if it has been advised of the likelihood of the loss or damage and regardless of the form of action.

Section 4.05. Indemnification by Asset Representations Reviewer. The Asset Representations Reviewer will indemnify each of the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Administrator, the
Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents for all fees, expenses, losses, damages and liabilities, including any legal fees or expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement of the Asset
Representations Reviewers indemnification or other obligations hereunder, resulting from the Asset Representations Reviewers (i) willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence in performing its obligations under this Agreement and (ii) breach of any of
its representations or warranties in this Agreement. The Asset Representations Reviewers obligations under this Section will survive the termination of this Agreement, the termination of the Issuer and the resignation or removal of the Asset
Representations Reviewer.

Section 4.06. Indemnification of Asset Representations Reviewer.

(a) Indemnification. The Issuer will, or will cause the Administrator to, indemnify each ARR Indemnified Person for all costs, expenses, losses, damages and liabilities resulting from the performance of
its obligations under this Agreement (including the fees and expenses of defending itself against any loss, damage or liability), but excluding any cost, expense, loss, damage or liability resulting from the Asset Representations Reviewers (i) willful
misconduct, bad faith or negligence or (ii) breach of any of its representations or warranties in this Agreement.

9

(b) Proceedings. Promptly on receipt by an ARR Indemnified Person of notice of a Proceeding against it, the ARR Indemnified Person will, if a claim is to be made under Section 4.06(a), notify the Issuer
and the Administrator of the Proceeding. The Issuer and the Administrator may participate in and assume the defense and settlement of a Proceeding at its expense. If the Issuer or the Administrator notifies an ARR Indemnified Person of its intention
to assume the defense of the Proceeding with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such ARR Indemnified Person, and so long as the Issuer, the Servicer or the Administrator assumes the defense of the Proceeding in a manner reasonably satisfactory to such
ARR Indemnified Person, the Issuer and the Administrator will not be liable for fees and expenses of counsel to such ARR Indemnified Person unless there is a conflict between the interests of the Issuer or the Administrator, as applicable, and such ARR
Indemnified Person. If there is a conflict, the Issuer, the Servicer or the Administrator will pay for the reasonable fees and expenses of separate counsel to the ARR Indemnified Person. No settlement of a Proceeding may be made without the approval
of the Issuer and the Administrator and the ARR Indemnified Person, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

(c) Survival of Obligations. The Issuers and the Administrators obligations under this Section will survive the resignation or removal of the Asset Representations Reviewer and the termination of this
Agreement.

(d) Repayment. If the Issuer or the Administrator makes any payment under this Section and an ARR Indemnified Person later collects any of the amounts for which the payments were made to it from others,
such ARR Indemnified Person will promptly repay the amounts to the Issuer or the Administrator, as applicable.

Section 4.07. Inspections of Asset Representations Reviewer. The Asset Representations Reviewer agrees that, with reasonable advance notice not more than once during any year, it will
permit authorized representatives of the Issuer, the Servicer or the Administrator, during the Asset Representations Reviewers normal business hours, to examine and review its books of account, records, reports and other documents and materials
relating to (a) the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, (b) payment of its fees and expenses for its performance of its obligations under this Agreement and (c) a claim made by it under this Agreement. In addition, the Asset
Representations Reviewer will permit the representatives of the Issuer, the Servicer and the Administrator to make copies and extracts of any of those documents and to discuss them with the Asset Representations Reviewers officers and employees. Each
of the Issuer, the Servicer and the Administrator will, and will cause its authorized representatives to, hold in confidence the foregoing information except if disclosure may be required by Applicable Law or if the Issuer, the Servicer or the
Administrator reasonably determines that it is required to make the disclosure under this Agreement or the other Basic Documents. The Asset Representations Reviewer will maintain all relevant books, records, reports and other documents and materials
for a period of at least two years after the termination of its obligations under this Agreement.

10

Section 4.08. Delegation of Obligations. The Asset Representations Reviewer may not delegate or subcontract its obligations under this Agreement to any Person without the prior
written consent of the Issuer and the Servicer.

Section 4.09. Confidential Information.

(a) Treatment. The Asset Representations Reviewer agrees to hold and treat Confidential Information given to it under this Agreement in confidence and under the terms and conditions of this Section, and
will implement and maintain safeguards to further assure the confidentiality of the Confidential Information. The Confidential Information will not, without the prior written consent of the Issuer and the Servicer, be disclosed or used by any
Information Recipient other than for the purposes of performing Reviews of Review Assets or performing its obligations under this Agreement. The Asset Representations Reviewer agrees that it will not, and will cause its Affiliates to not, (i) purchase
or sell securities issued by the Servicer or its Affiliates or special purpose entities on the basis of Confidential Information or (ii) use Confidential Information for the preparation of research reports, newsletters or other publications or similar
communications.

(b) Protection. The Asset Representations Reviewer will take reasonable measures to protect the secrecy of and avoid disclosure and unauthorized use of Confidential Information, including those measures
that it takes to protect its own confidential information and not less than a reasonable standard of care. The Asset Representations Reviewer acknowledges that Personally Identifiable Information is also subject to the additional requirements in
Section 4.10.

(c) Disclosure. If the Asset Representations Reviewer is required by Applicable Law to disclose part of the Confidential Information, it may disclose such Confidential Information. However, before a
required disclosure, the Asset Representations Reviewer, if permitted by Applicable Law, will use its reasonable efforts to provide the Issuer and the Servicer with notice of the requirement and will cooperate, at the Servicers expense, in the
Issuers and the Servicers pursuit of a proper protective order or other relief for the disclosure of such Confidential Information. If the Issuer and the Servicer are unable to obtain a protective order or other proper remedy by the date that the
information is required to be disclosed, the Asset Representations Reviewer will disclose only that part of the Confidential Information that it is advised by its legal counsel it is legally required to disclose.

(d) Responsibility for Information Recipients. The Asset Representations Reviewer will be responsible for a breach of this Section by its Information Recipients.

(e) Violation. The Asset Representations Reviewer agrees that a violation of this Agreement may cause irreparable injury to the Issuer and the Servicer and the Issuer and the Servicer may seek injunctive
relief in addition to legal remedies. If an action is initiated by the Issuer or the Servicer to enforce this Section, the prevailing party will be reimbursed for its fees and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, incurred for the
enforcement.

11

Section 4.10. Personally Identifiable Information.

(a) Use of Issuer PII. The Issuer does not grant the Asset Representations Reviewer any rights to Issuer PII except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. The Asset Representations Reviewer will use
Issuer PII only to perform its obligations under this Agreement or as specifically directed in writing by the Issuer and will only reproduce Issuer PII to the extent necessary for these purposes. The Asset Representations Reviewer must comply with all
Applicable Law relating to PII, Issuer PII and the Asset Representations Reviewers business, including any legally required codes of conduct, including those relating to privacy, security and data protection. The Asset Representations Reviewer will
protect and secure Issuer PII. The Asset Representations Reviewer will implement privacy or data protection policies and procedures that comply with Applicable Law and this Agreement. The Asset Representations Reviewer will implement and maintain
reasonable and appropriate practices, procedures and systems, including administrative, technical and physical safeguards to (i) protect the security, confidentiality and integrity of Issuer PII, (ii) ensure against anticipated threats or hazards to
the security or integrity of Issuer PII, (iii) protect against unauthorized access to or use of Issuer PII and (iv) otherwise comply with its obligations under this Agreement. These safeguards include a written data security plan, employee training,
information access controls, restricted disclosures, systems protections (e.g., intrusion protection, data storage protection and data transmission protection) and physical security measures.

(b) Additional Limitations. In addition to the use and protection requirements described in Section 4.10(a), the Asset Representations Reviewers disclosure of Issuer PII is also subject to the following
requirements:

(i) The Asset Representations Reviewer will not disclose Issuer PII to its personnel or allow its personnel access to Issuer PII except (A) for the Asset Representations Reviewer personnel who
require Issuer PII to perform a Review, (B) with the prior consent of the Issuer or (C) as required by Applicable Law. When permitted, the disclosure of or access to Issuer PII will be limited to the specific information necessary for the individual
to complete the assigned task. The Asset Representations Reviewer will inform personnel with access to Issuer PII of the confidentiality requirements in this Agreement and train its personnel with access to Issuer PII on the proper use and protection
of Issuer PII.

(ii) The Asset Representations Reviewer will not sell, disclose, provide or exchange Issuer PII with or to any third party without the prior consent of the Issuer.

(c) Notice of Breach. The Asset Representations Reviewer will notify the Issuer, the Administrator and the Servicer promptly in the event of an actual or reasonably suspected security breach, unauthorized
access, misappropriation or other compromise of the security, confidentiality or integrity of Issuer PII and, where applicable, immediately take action to prevent any further breach.

(d) Return or Disposal of Issuer PII. Except where return or disposal is prohibited by Applicable Law, promptly on the earlier of the completion of the Review or the request of the Issuer, the
Administrator or the Servicer, all Issuer PII in any medium in the Asset Representations Reviewers possession or under its control will be (i) destroyed in a manner that prevents its recovery or restoration or (ii) if so directed by the Issuer,
returned to the Issuer without the Asset Representations Reviewer retaining any actual or recoverable copies, in both cases, without charge to the Issuer. Where the Asset Representations Reviewer retains Issuer PII, the Asset Representations Reviewer
will limit its further use or disclosure of Issuer PII to that required by Applicable Law.

12

(e) Compliance; Modification. The Asset Representations Reviewer will cooperate with and provide information to the Issuer, the Administrator and the Servicer regarding the Asset Representations Reviewers
compliance with this Section. The Asset Representations Reviewer and the Issuer agree to modify this Section as necessary for either party to comply with Applicable Law.

(f) Audit of Asset Representations Reviewer. The Asset Representations Reviewer will permit the Issuer, the Administrator, the Servicer and their respective authorized representatives, to audit the Asset
Representations Reviewers compliance with this Section during the Asset Representations Reviewers normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice to the Asset Representations Reviewer, and not more than once during any year unless
circumstances necessitate additional audits. The Issuer, the Administrator and the Servicer agree to make reasonable efforts to schedule any audit described in this Section with the inspections described in Section 4.07. The Asset Representations
Reviewer will also permit the Issuer, the Administrator and the Servicer during normal business hours on reasonable advance notice to audit any service providers used by the Asset Representations Reviewer to fulfill its obligations under this
Agreement.

(g) Affiliates and Third Parties. If the Asset Representations Reviewer processes the PII of the Issuers Affiliates or a third party when performing a Review, and if such Affiliate or third party is
identified to the Asset Representations Reviewer, such Affiliate or third party is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Section, and this Agreement is intended to benefit the Affiliate or third party. The Affiliate or third party may enforce
the PII related terms of this Section against the Asset Representations Reviewer as if each were a signatory to this Agreement.

ARTICLE FIVE

REMOVAL; RESIGNATION

Section 5.01. Eligibility of the Asset Representations Reviewer. The Asset Representations Reviewer must be a Person who (i) is not Affiliated with the Issuer, the Depositor, the
Servicer, the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee or any of their respective Affiliates and (ii) was not, and is not Affiliated with a Person that was, engaged by the Issuer, the Depositor, the Servicer or any Underwriter to perform any due diligence
on the Receivables prior to the Closing Date.

Section 5.02. Resignation and Removal of Asset Representations Reviewer.

(a) No Resignation. The Asset Representations Reviewer will not resign as Asset Representations Reviewer unless it determines it is legally unable to perform its obligations under this Agreement and there
is no reasonable action that it could take to make the performance of its obligations under this Agreement permitted under Applicable Law. In such event, the Asset Representations Reviewer will deliver a notice of its resignation to the Issuer and the
Servicer, together with an Opinion of Counsel supporting its determination.

13

(b) Removal. If any of the following events occur, the Issuer, by notice to the Asset Representations Reviewer, may remove the Asset Representations Reviewer and terminate its rights and obligations under
this Agreement:

(i) the Asset Representations Reviewer no longer meets the eligibility requirements in Section 5.01;

(ii) the Asset Representations Reviewer breaches of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or obligations in this Agreement; or

(iii) an Insolvency Event with respect to the Asset Representations Reviewer occurs.

(c) Notice of Resignation or Removal. The Issuer will notify the Servicer and the Indenture Trustee of any resignation or removal of the Asset Representations Reviewer.

(d) Continue to Perform After Resignation or Removal. The Asset Representations Reviewer will continue to perform its obligations under this Agreement, until a successor Asset Representations Reviewer has
accepted its engagement according to Section 5.03(b).

Section 5.03. Successor Asset Representations Reviewer.

(a) Engagement of Successor Asset Representations Reviewer. Following the resignation or removal of the Asset Representations Reviewer, the Issuer will engage a successor Asset Representations Reviewer who
meets the eligibility requirements of Section 5.01.

(b) Effectiveness of Resignation or Removal. No resignation or removal of the Asset Representations Reviewer will be effective until a successor Asset Representations Reviewer has executed and delivered to
the Issuer, the Servicer and the Administrator an agreement accepting its engagement and agreeing to perform the obligations of the Asset Representations Reviewer under this Agreement or entering into a new agreement with the parties hereto on
substantially the same terms as this Agreement.

(c) Transition and Expenses. If the Asset Representations Reviewer resigns or is removed, it will cooperate with the Issuer, the Servicer and the Administrator and take all actions reasonably requested to
assist the Issuer in making an orderly transition of the Asset Representations Reviewers rights and obligations under this Agreement to the successor Asset Representations Reviewer. The Asset Representations Reviewer will pay the reasonable expenses
of transitioning its obligations under this Agreement and preparing the successor Asset Representations Reviewer to take on the obligations on receipt of an invoice with reasonable detail of the expenses from the Issuer, the Servicer, the Administrator
or the successor Asset Representations Reviewer.

14

Section 5.04. Merger, Consolidation or Succession. Any Person (i) into which the Asset Representations Reviewer is merged or consolidated, (ii) resulting from any merger or
consolidation to which the Asset Representations Reviewer is a party or (iii) succeeding to the business of the Asset Representations Reviewer, if that Person meets the eligibility requirements in Section 5.01, will be the successor to the Asset
Representations Reviewer under this Agreement. Such Person will execute and deliver to the Issuer, the Servicer and the Administrator an agreement to assume the Asset Representations Reviewers obligations under this Agreement (unless the assumption
happens by operation of law).

ARTICLE SIX

OTHER AGREEMENTS

Section 6.01. Independence of the Asset Representations Reviewer. The Asset Representations Reviewer will be an independent contractor and will not be subject to the supervision of
the Issuer for the manner in which it accomplishes the performance of its obligations under this Agreement. Unless expressly authorized by the Issuer, the Asset Representations Reviewer will have no authority to act for or represent the Issuer and
will not be considered an agent of the Issuer. Nothing in this Agreement will make the Asset Representations Reviewer and the Issuer members of any partnership, joint venture or other separate entity or impose any liability as such on any of them. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Indenture Trustee will not be responsible for monitoring the performance by the Asset Representations Reviewer of its obligations under this Agreement.

Section 6.02. No Petition. Each of the parties to this Agreement covenants and agrees that, for a period of one year and one day (or, if longer, any applicable preference period)
after payment in full of all outstanding Securities, it will not institute or pursue against, or join any other Person in instituting or pursuing against, the Depositor or the Issuer any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or
liquidation Proceedings or other Proceedings under any Insolvency Law in connection with any obligations relating to the Notes or any Basic Document and agrees that it will not cooperate with or encourage others to institute any such Proceeding.

Section 6.03. Limitation of Liability of Owner Trustee. It is expressly understood and agreed by the parties hereto that (i) this Agreement is executed and delivered by WTNA, not
individually or personally but solely as Owner Trustee of the Issuer, in the exercise of the powers and authority conferred and vested in it, (ii) each of the representations, undertakings and agreements herein made on the part of the Issuer is made
and intended not as personal representations, undertakings and agreements by WTNA, but is made and intended for the purpose of binding only the Issuer, (iii) nothing herein contained shall be construed as creating any liability on WTNA, individually or
personally, to perform any covenant either expressed or implied contained herein of the Issuer, all such liability, if any, being expressly waived by the parties hereto and by any Person claiming by, through or under the parties hereto, (iv) WTNA has
not verified and has made no investigation as to the accuracy or completeness of any representations and warranties made by the Issuer in this Agreement and (v) under no circumstances shall WTNA be personally liable for the payment of any indebtedness
or expenses of the Issuer or be liable for the breach or failure of any obligation, representation, warranty or covenant made or undertaken by the Issuer under this Agreement or any other related documents.

15

Section 6.04. Termination of Agreement. This Agreement will terminate, except for the obligations under Section 4.05, on the earlier of (i) the payment in full of all outstanding
Notes and the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture and (ii) the date the Issuer is terminated under the Trust Agreement.

ARTICLE SEVEN

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 7.01. Amendments. The parties may amend this Agreement:

(i) to cure any ambiguity or mistake, correct an error or correct or supplement any term of this Agreement that may be defective or inconsistent with the other terms of this Agreement or to
provide for, or facilitate the acceptance of this Agreement by, a successor Asset Representations Reviewer, in each case without the consent of the Noteholders or any other Person;

(ii) to add, change or eliminate terms of this Agreement, in each case without the consent of the Noteholders or any other Person, if the Administrator delivers an Officers Certificate to the
Issuer and the Trustees stating that the amendment will not have a material adverse effect on the Noteholders; or

(iii) to add, change or eliminate terms of this Agreement for which an Officers Certificate is not or cannot be delivered under Section 7.01(a)(ii), with the consent of a majority of the
principal amount of the Notes then Outstanding.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section, any amendment to this Agreement that affects the rights or the obligations of either Trustee will require the consent of such Trustee.

Section 7.02. Assignment; Benefit of Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries.

(a) Assignment. Except as stated in Section 5.04, this Agreement may not be assigned by the Asset Representations Reviewer without the consent of the Issuer and the Servicer.

(b) Benefit of Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is for the benefit of and will be binding on the parties and their permitted successors and assigns. The Owner Trustee and the Indenture
Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders, will be third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement and may enforce this Agreement against the Asset Representations Reviewer and the Servicer. No other Person will have any right or obligation under this
Agreement.

16

Section 7.03. Notices.

(a) Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, all notices, requests, demands, consents, waivers or other communications to or from the parties to this Agreement will be in writing. Notices, requests, demands,
consents and other communications will be deemed to have been given and made, (i) upon delivery or, in the case of a letter mailed via registered first class mail, postage prepaid, three days after deposit in the mail and (ii) in the case of (a) a
facsimile, when receipt is confirmed by telephone or by reply e-mail or reply facsimile from the recipient, (b) an e-mail, when receipt is confirmed by telephone or by reply email from the recipient and (c) an electronic posting to a
password-protected website, upon printed confirmation of the recipients access to such password-protected website, or when notification of such electronic posting is confirmed in accordance with clauses (ii)(b) through (ii)(c) above.

(b) Any notice, request, demand, consent, waiver or other communication will be addressed as stated in the Administration Agreement or this Agreement, as applicable, or to another address as a party may give by
notice to the other parties.

In the case of the Asset Representations Reviewer, all such notices, including Review Notices, shall be sent to:

Via electronic mail to ARRNotices@clayton.com

and to:

Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC

720 S. Colorado Blvd., Suite 200

Glendale, Colorado 80246

Via electronic mail to legal@covius.com

Section 7.04. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF
THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHERWISE APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS (OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW), AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL
BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

Section 7.05. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO
WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO HAVE A JURY PARTICIPATE IN RESOLVING ANY DISPUTE, WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE BETWEEN THE PARTIES HERETO ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED WITH, RELATED TO OR INCIDENTAL TO THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN ANY OF THEM IN
CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. INSTEAD, ANY SUCH DISPUTE RESOLVED IN COURT WILL BE RESOLVED IN A BENCH TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY.

Section 7.06. No Waiver; Remedies. No partys failure or delay in exercising a power, right or remedy under this Agreement will operate as a waiver. No single or partial exercise of
a power, right or remedy will preclude any other or further exercise of the power, right or remedy or the exercise of any other power, right or remedy. The powers, rights and remedies under this Agreement are in addition to any powers, rights and
remedies under law.

17

Section 7.07. Severability. If any one or more of the covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of this Agreement is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then such covenants,
agreements, provisions or terms will be deemed severable from the remaining covenants, agreements, provisions and terms of this Agreement and will in no way affect the validity, legality or enforceability of the other covenants, agreements, provisions
and terms of this Agreement.

Section 7.08. Table of Contents and Headings. The Table of Contents and the various headings in this Agreement are included for convenience only and will not affect the meaning or
interpretation of any provision of this Agreement.

Section 7.09. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will be an
original, and all of which will together constitute one and the same instrument.

Section 7.10. Electronic Signatures. Any signature (including any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with
the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record) hereto or to any other certificate, agreement or document related to this Agreement, and any contract formation or record-keeping through electronic means shall have the same legal
validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based recordkeeping system to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York
State Electronic Signatures and Records Act or any similar State law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.

18

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers, duly authorized, as of the day and year first above written.

MERCEDES-BENZ AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1, as Issuer

By: 

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity, but solely as Owner Trustee

By: 

/s/ Matthew Jorjorian

Name: Matthew Jorjorian

Title: Vice President

MERCEDES-BENZ FINANCIAL SERVICES 

USA LLC, as Servicer and Administrator

By: 

/s/ Susan Sinclair

Name: Susan Sinclair

Title: Vice President

CLAYTON FIXED INCOME SERVICES LLC,

as Asset Representations Reviewer

By: 

/s/ Anthony Neske

Name: Anthony Neske

Title: Senior Vice President

ARR Agreement

SCHEDULE A

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, REVIEW MATERIALS AND TESTS

Representation (1) - Characteristics of Receivables

Each Receivable (a) was originated in the United States by the Seller or a Dealer located in the United States for the retail sale of a Financed Vehicle in the ordinary course of the Sellers or
the applicable Dealers business in accordance with the Sellers credit policies as of the date of origination or acquisition of the related Receivable, is payable in United States dollars, has been fully and properly executed by the parties thereto,
if not originated by the Seller, has been purchased by the Seller from such Dealer under an existing Dealer Agreement (or approved form of assignment) and has been validly assigned by such Dealer to the Seller, (b) has created a valid, subsisting and
enforceable first priority security interest in favor of the Seller in the Financed Vehicle, which security interest shall be perfected and prior to any other interest in such Financed Vehicle, and which security interest is assignable by the Seller
and reassignable by the assignee, (c) contains customary and enforceable provisions such that the rights and remedies of the holder thereof are adequate for realization against the collateral of the benefits of the security, (d) shall, except as
otherwise provided in the Sale and Servicing Agreement, provide for level Monthly Payments (provided that the payment in the first or last month in the life of the Receivable may be minimally different from the level payment) that fully amortize the
Amount Financed over its original term and shall provide for a finance charge or shall yield interest at its APR, (e) shall provide for, in the event that such Receivable is prepaid, a prepayment that fully pays the Principal Balance and includes
accrued but unpaid interest at least through the date prior to the date of prepayment in an amount calculated by using an interest rate at least equal to its APR, (f) is a Simple Interest Receivable, (g) is due from an Obligor with a mailing address
within the United States or its territories, and (h) to the best of the Sellers knowledge, is not assumable by another Person in a manner which would release the Obligor thereof from such Obligors obligations to the Seller with respect to such
Receivable.

Review Materials

- 

Contract

- 

Data Tape

- 

List of Approved Contracts

- 

Title

Procedures to be Performed

(i) 

Confirm the Dealers address on the Contract is located within the United States.

(ii) 

Confirm the Contract form number appears on the List of Approved Contracts.

(iii) 

Confirm that the Contract is payable in United States dollars.

SA-1

(iv) 

Confirm the Buyer, Co-buyer (if applicable) and Dealer have signed the Contract.

(v) 

Confirm that the title reports the Seller as the first lien holder.

(vi) 

Confirm that the VIN on the Contract matches the Vehicle Identification Number on the title.

(vii) 

Confirm the Buyers name as stated on the Contract matches the name on the title.

(viii) 

Confirm all payments are equivalent with the possible exception of the first and last schedule payments which may be less than or greater than the level payments.

(ix) 

Calculate the product of the Number of Payments and the Amount of Payments, together with any first and last scheduled payments (if applicable), and confirm this amount equals the sum of the Finance Charge and the Amount Financed as stated
within the Truth in Lending section of the Contract.

(x) 

Confirm the Finance Charge amount is based on the APR as stated on the Contract.

(xi) 

Confirm the Contract allows for prepayment.

(xii) 

Confirm the Contract is a simple interest loan Contract.

(xiii) 

Confirm the Buyers address as of the Cutoff Date is located within the United States.

(xiv) 

Confirm that there is no indication that the Receivable is not assumable by another Person that is not the Obligor and would release the Obligor from their legal obligations.

(xv) 

If sections (i) through (xiv) are confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation (2) Compliance with Law

Each Receivable complied at the time it was originated or made, and at the Cutoff Date complies, in all material respects with all requirements of applicable federal, State and, to the best knowledge of the Seller, local
laws, rulings and regulations thereunder (including usury laws).

Review Materials

- 

Contract

- 

List of Approved Contracts

SA-2

Procedures to be Performed

(i) 

Confirm the Contract form number and revision date are on the List of Approved Contract Forms.

(ii) 

Confirm the following sections of the Contract are present and completed:

(a) 

Name and address of Dealer

(b) 

Name and address of Obligor and Co-Obligor (if applicable)

(c) 

Vehicle description

(d) 

Amount of monthly payment

(e) 

Number of monthly payments

(f) 

Annual Percentage Rate

(g) 

Total of Payments

(iii) 

Confirm there is an itemization of the amount financed.

(iv) 

Confirm the following disclosures are included on the Contract:

(a) 

Insurance requirements

(b) 

Security interest disclosure

(c) 

Prepayment disclosure

(d) 

Late payment policy

(v) 

If sections (i) through (iv) are confirmed, then Test Pass

Representation (3) Binding Obligation

Each Receivable represents the genuine, legal, valid and binding payment obligation in writing of the related Obligor, enforceable by the holder thereof in accordance with its terms, except as (a) enforceability thereof
may be subject to or limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by equitable limitations on the availability of specific remedies, regardless of whether such
enforceability is considered in a Proceeding in equity or at law and (b) such Receivable may be modified by the application after the Cutoff Date of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act or by any similar applicable State law.

Review Materials

- 

Contract

- 

Data Tape

- 

List of Approved Contracts

SA-3

Procedures to be Performed

(i) 

Confirm the Contract form number and revision date are on the List of Approved Contract Forms.

(ii) 

Confirm the borrower and co-borrower (if applicable) signed the Contract.

(iii) 

If sections (i) and (ii) are confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation (4) No Government Obligor

No Receivable is due from the United States or any State or any agency, department, subdivision or instrumentality thereof.

Review Materials

- 

Contract

Procedures to be Performed

(i) 

Confirm the Buyer section of the Contract reports a natural persons name.

(ii) 

If the Buyer section of the Contract does not report a persons name, confirm internet search results do not indicate the Buyer is the United States or any State or any agency, department or instrumentality of the United State or any State.

(iii) 

If sections (i) and (ii) are confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation (5) Obligor Bankruptcy

To the best of the Sellers knowledge, at the Cutoff Date, no Obligor is the subject of a bankruptcy Proceeding.

Review Materials

- 

Contract

- 

Data Tape

Procedures to be Performed

(i) 

Confirm the Receivable File does not contain evidence that the Receivable was the subject of any bankruptcy proceeding or insolvency proceeding as of the Cutoff Date.

(ii) 

If sections (i) is confirmed, then Test Pass.

SA-4

Representation (6) Security Interest in Financed Vehicles

Immediately prior to the transfer of the Receivables by the Seller to the Depositor, each Receivable was secured by a valid, binding and enforceable first priority perfected security interest in favor of the Seller in the
related Financed Vehicle or all necessary action with respect to such Receivable has been taken to perfect a first priority security interest in the related Financed Vehicle in favor of the Seller, which security interest has been validly assigned by
the Seller to the Depositor. The Servicer has received, or will receive within 180 days after the Closing Date, the original certificate of title for each Financed Vehicle or notice from the applicable State entity issuing such certificate of title,
that such certificate of title is being processed (other than any Financed Vehicle that is subject to a certificate of title statute or motor vehicle registration law that does not require that the original certificate of title for such Financed
Vehicle be delivered to the Seller).

Review Materials

- 

Contract

- 

List of Approved Contracts

- 

Title

Procedures to be Performed

(i) 

Confirm the title reports the Seller, as the first lien holder.

(ii) 

Confirm the Buyers name as stated on the Contract matches the name on the title.

(iii) 

Confirm the Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) on the Contract matches the VIN number as reported on the title.

(iv) 

If (i) through (iii) are confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation (7) Receivables in Force

No Receivable shall have been satisfied, subordinated or rescinded, nor shall any Financed Vehicle have been released in whole or in part from the Lien granted by the related Receivable.

Review Materials

- 

Contract

- 

Data Tape

- 

Title

- 

Receivable File

SA-5

Procedures to be Performed

(i) 

Confirm the Receivable is listed as an active account as of the Cutoff Date.

(ii) 

Confirm there is no evidence within the Receivable File that the Receivable was satisfied prior to the Cutoff Date.

(iii) 

Confirm there is no evidence within the Receivable File that the Receivable was subordinated or rescinded prior to the Cutoff Date.

(iv) 

Confirm there is no evidence within the Receivable File that the Financed Vehicle has been released from the Lien in whole or in part prior to the Cutoff Date.

(v) 

If sections (i) through (iv) are confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation (8) No Waivers

No provision of a Receivable shall have been waived in such a manner that such Receivable fails to meet all of the other representations and warranties made by the Seller herein with respect thereto.

Review Materials

- 

Contract

- 

Data Tape

- 

Receivable File

Procedures to be Performed

(i) 

Confirm there is no evidence within the Receivable File that any provision of the Receivable has been waived, altered or modified, except by instruments or documents identified within the Receivable File.

(ii) 

If sections (i) is confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation (9) No Amendments

No Receivable shall have been amended or modified in such a manner that the total number of Monthly Payments has been increased or decreased or that the related Amount Financed has been increased or decreased or that such
Receivable fails to meet all of the other representations and warranties made by the Seller herein with respect thereto.

Review Materials

- 

Contract

- 

Data Tape

SA-6

Procedures to be Performed

(i) 

Confirm that no modifications or amendments have changed the number of monthly payments or that the related amount financed has been increased or decreased.

(ii) 

If (i) can be confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation (10) No Defenses

No Receivable is subject to any right of rescission, setoff, counterclaim or defense, including the defense of usury, and the operation of any of the terms of any Receivable, or the exercise of any right thereunder, will
not render such Receivable unenforceable in whole or in part or subject to any right of rescission, setoff, counterclaim or defense, including the defense of usury, and the Seller has not received written notice of the assertion with respect to any
Receivable of any such right of rescission, setoff, counterclaim or defense.

Review Materials

- 

Contract

- 

Data Tape

Procedures to be Performed

(i) 

Confirm there is no evidence within the Receivable File that the Receivable is subject to any right of rescission, setoff, counterclaim or defense that could cause the Receivable to become invalid.

(ii) 

Confirm there is no evidence within the Receivable File of litigation or other attorney involvement as of the Cutoff Date.

(iii) 

If sections (i) and (ii) are confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation (11) No Liens

No Liens or claims have been filed, including Liens for work, labor or materials or for unpaid local, State or federal taxes relating to any Financed Vehicle that shall be prior to, or equal or coordinate with, the
security interest in such Financed Vehicle granted by the related Receivable.

Review Materials

- 

Contract

- 

Title

- 

Receivable File

SA-7

Procedures to be Performed

(i) 

Confirm there is no evidence within the Receivable File of a lien or a claim filed for work, labor or materials that is prior to or equal to the security interest in the Financed Vehicle created by the Receivable.

(ii) 

Confirm there is no evidence within the Receivable File of a tax lien that is prior to or equal to the security interest in the Financed Vehicle created by the Receivable.

(iii) 

If sections (i) and (ii) are confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation (12) No Defaults; Repossessions

Except for payment defaults that, as of the Cutoff Date, have been continuing for a period of not more than 30 days, no default, breach, violation or event under the terms of any Receivable, permitting acceleration, shall
have occurred as of the Cutoff Date and no continuing condition that with notice or the lapse of time or both would constitute a default, breach, violation or event under the terms of any Receivable, permitting acceleration, shall have arisen; and the
Seller shall not have waived any of the foregoing except as otherwise permitted hereunder. On or prior to the Cutoff Date, no Financed Vehicle has been repossessed.

Review Materials

- 

Contract

- 

Data Tape

- 

Receivable File

Procedures to be Performed

(i) 

Confirm the Receivable was not more than 30 days delinquent as of the Cutoff Date.

(ii) 

Confirm there is no evidence of a continuing condition within the Receivable File which would constitute a default, breach, violation or event permitting acceleration under the terms of the Receivable.

(iii) 

Confirm that no evidence of a repossession event exists that indicates a repossession prior to the Cutoff Date.

(iv) 

If sections (i) through (iii) are confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation (13) - Insurance

Each Receivable requires the related Obligor to obtain physical damage insurance covering the related Financed Vehicle and to maintain such insurance.

SA-8

Review Materials

- 

Contract

Procedures to be Performed

(i) 

Confirm the Contract contains language that required the Obligor to obtain and maintain physical damage insurance to the Financed Vehicle.

(ii) 

If section (i) is confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation (14) - Title

It is the intention of the Seller that the transfers and assignments contemplated by the Receivables Purchase Agreement constitute a sale of the Receivables from the Seller to the Purchaser and that the beneficial interest
in and title to the Receivables not be part of the debtors estate in the event of the appointment of a receiver or conservator for the Seller under any receivership, bankruptcy law, insolvency or banking law; no Receivable has been sold, transferred,
assigned or pledged by the Seller to any Person other than the Purchaser; immediately prior to the transfer and assignment contemplated by the Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Seller had good and marketable title to each Receivable free and clear of
all Liens and rights of others, except for Liens that shall be released on or before the Closing Date; immediately upon the transfer and assignment thereof, the Purchaser shall have good and marketable title to each Receivable, free and clear of all
Liens and rights of others; and the transfer and assignment herein contemplated has been perfected under the UCC.

Review Materials

- 

Contract

- 

Title

- 

Receivable File

Procedures to be Performed

(i) 

Confirm there is no indication within the Receivable File that the Receivable has been sold, transferred, assigned or pledged to any Person or entity other than the Seller.

(ii) 

Confirm the title designates the Seller as the sole lien holder and no other lien holder is listed.

(iii) 

If section (i) is confirmed, then Test Pass.

SA-9

Representation (15) - Lawful Assignment

No Receivable has been originated in, or is subject to the laws of, any jurisdiction under which the sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance of such Receivable under the Receivables Purchase Agreement or the Sale and
Servicing Agreement or the pledge of such Receivables hereunder, thereunder or under the Indenture is unlawful, void or voidable or under which such Receivable would be rendered void or voidable as a result of any such sale, transfer, assignment,
conveyance or pledge. The Seller has not entered into any agreement with any account debtor that prohibits, restricts or conditions the assignment of the Receivables.

Review Materials

- 

Contract

- 

Title

Procedures to be Performed

(i) 

Confirm the Contract form number and revision date are on the List of Approved Contracts.

(ii) 

Confirm the Contract does not contain language preventing the sale, transfer, assignment, conveyance or pledge of the Receivable without the consent of the owner.

(iii) 

If section (i) and (ii) are confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation (16) One Original/Authoritative Copy

For each Receivable that constitutes tangible chattel paper, if in tangible form, there is only one original executed copy of such Receivable and for each Receivable that constitutes electronic chattel paper, if in
electronic form, such Receivable is evidenced by the authoritative copy thereof.

Review Materials

- 

Contract

Procedures to be Performed

(i) 

Confirm that the Contract, if in paper form, is clearly marked as the original Contract and, if in electronic form, indicates that it is the authoritative copy.

(ii) 

Confirm that the Contract was signed by the Buyer, Co-buyer (if applicable) and Dealer.

(iii) 

If section (i) and (ii) are confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation (17) Principal Balance

As of the Cutoff Date, each Receivable had a remaining Principal Balance of not more than $220,000.00 and not less than $2,000.00.

SA-10

Review Materials

- 

Data Tape

Procedures to be Performed

(i) 

Confirm from the data tape that the Receivable has a remaining Principal Balance within the allowable parameters.

(ii) 

If section (i) is confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation (18) Original Term to Maturity

Each Receivable had an original term to maturity (based on the original number of Monthly Payments) of not more than 72 months and not less than 19 months and a remaining term to maturity (based on the number of remaining
Monthly Payments) as of the Cutoff Date of not more than 71 months and not less than 3 months.

Review Materials

- 

Contract

- 

Data Tape

Procedures to be Performed

(i) 

Confirm the sum of the Number of Payments together with any first and last scheduled monthly payments (if applicable) is within the allowable number of payments to maturity.

(ii) 

Confirm the remaining terms to maturity as stated within the data tape or servicing system is within the allowable number of payments to maturity.

(iii) 

If sections (i) and (ii) are confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation (19) Annual Percentage Rate

Each Receivable has an APR of at least 0.00% and not more than 12.00%.

Review Materials

- 

Contract

- 

Data Tape

Procedures to be Performed

SA-11

(i) 

Confirm the Annual Percentage Rate (APR) as stated within the Federal Truth-In-Lending Disclosures section of the Contract does not exceed the maximum allowable APR.

(ii) 

If section (i) is confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation (20) Marking Records

As of the Closing Date, the Seller will have caused its computer and accounting records relating to each Receivable to be marked to show that the Receivables have been sold to the Purchaser by the Seller and transferred
and assigned by the Purchaser to the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Sale and Servicing Agreement and pledged by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee in accordance with the terms of the Indenture.

Review Materials

- 

Data Tape

- 

Receivable File

Procedures to be Performed

(i) 

Observe the Receivable in the Sellers Receivables systems as of the end of the month in which the sale and assignment of the Receivable to the Depositor occurred and confirm it is marked as sold and the pool number indicated matches the
pool number for the securitization transaction related to the Agreement.

(ii) 

If section (i) is confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation (21) Chattel Paper

Each Receivable constitutes tangible chattel paper or electronic chattel paper (or, if such terms are not separately defined in the applicable UCC, chattel paper) within the meaning of the UCC as in effect in the
State of origination.

Review Materials

- 

Contract

- 

Title

- 

Data Tape

Procedures to be Performed

(i) 

Confirm the title reports the Seller as the first lien holder.

(ii) 

Confirm there is a signed retail installment contract or loan agreement.

SA-12

(iii) 

If sections (i) through (ii) are confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation (22) Final Scheduled Payment Date

No Receivable has a final scheduled payment date later than six months prior to the Class A-4 Final Scheduled Payment Date.

Review Materials

- 

Contract

- 

Data Tape

Procedures to be Performed

(i) 

Confirm that the final scheduled payment date on the Receivable is six months or greater prior to the Class A-4 Final Scheduled Payment Date.

(ii) 

If section (i) is confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation (23) No Fraud or Misrepresentation

Each Receivable that was originated by a Dealer and was sold by the Dealer to the Seller, to the best of the Sellers knowledge, was so originated and sold without fraud or misrepresentation on the part of such Dealer in
either case.

Review Materials

- 

Receivable File

Procedures to be Performed

(i) 

Confirm that there is no indication of fraud or misrepresentation contained within the Receivable File.

(ii) 

If section (i) is confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation (24) No Impairment

The Seller has not done anything to convey any right to any Person that would result in such Person having a right to payments due under a Receivable or otherwise to impair the rights of the Depositor in any Receivable or
the proceeds thereof.

Review Materials

- 

Receivable File

- 

Data Tape

SA-13

- 

Eligibility Criteria

Procedures to be Performed

(i) 

Confirm the Receivable File contains no evidence that the rights to payments have been transferred by the Seller to any entity other than the Depositor

(ii) 

If section (i) is confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation (25) - Servicing

Each Receivable has been serviced in conformity with all Applicable Laws, rules and regulation and in conformity with the Sellers policies and procedures which are consistent with customary, prudent industry standards.

Review Materials

- 

Receivable File

- 

Data Tape

Procedures to be Performed

(i) 

Confirm that there is no indication that the Receivable does not conform with all Applicable Laws, rules or regulations.

(ii) 

Confirm that there is no indication that the Receivable does not conform with the Sellers policies and procedures.

(iii) 

If section (i) and (ii) are confirmed, then Test Pass.

Representation (26) No Consent

To the best of the Sellers knowledge, no notice to or consent from any Obligor is necessary to effect the acquisition of the Receivables by the Purchaser or the Issuer or the pledge of the Receivables by the Issuer to the
Indenture Trustee.

Review Materials

- 

Contract

Procedures to be Performed

(i) 

Confirm that there is no language on the Contract requiring consent from the Obligor in order to effect the acquisition of the Receivable by the Purchaser or the Issuer, or to pledge the Receivables by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee.

(ii) 

If section (i) is confirmed, then Test Pass.

SA-14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ef20042316_ex10-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

MERCEDES-BENZ AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1,

as Issuer,

MERCEDES-BENZ FINANCIAL SERVICES USA LLC,

as Administrator,

MERCEDES-BENZ RETAIL RECEIVABLES LLC,

as Depositor,

and

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Indenture Trustee

ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT

Dated as of January 1, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Section 1.01. 

Capitalized Terms; Interpretive Provisions 

1

Section 1.02. 

Duties of the Administrator 

2

Section 1.03. 

Records 

8

Section 1.04. 

Compensation 

9

Section 1.05. 

Additional Information to be Furnished to the Issuer 

9

Section 1.06. 

Independence of the Administrator 

9

Section 1.07. 

No Joint Venture 

9

Section 1.08. 

Other Activities of Administrator 

9

Section 1.09. 

Term of Agreement; Resignation and Removal of Administrator 

9

Section 1.10. 

Action Upon Termination, Resignation or Removal 

10

Section 1.11. 

Notices 

10

Section 1.12. 

Amendments 

11

Section 1.13. 

Successors and Assigns 

11

Section 1.14. 

Governing Law 

12

Section 1.15. 

WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 

12

Section 1.16. 

Table of Contents and Headings 

12

Section 1.17. 

Counterparts 

12

Section 1.18. 

Severability 

12

Section 1.19. 

Limitation of Liability of Owner Trustee and Indenture Trustee 

12

Section 1.20. 

ThirdParty Beneficiary 

13

Section 1.21. 

Successor Servicer and Administrator 

13

Section 1.22. 

Nonpetition Covenants 

13

Section 1.23. 

Electronic Signatures 13

EXHIBITS

Exhibit A - Form of Power of Attorney 

A-1

i

This ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT, dated as of January 1, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this Agreement), is among MERCEDES-BENZ AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1, as issuer
(the Issuer), MERCEDES-BENZ FINANCIAL SERVICES USA LLC (MBFS USA), as administrator (the Administrator), MERCEDES-BENZ RETAIL RECEIVABLES LLC (Mercedes-Benz Retail Receivables), as depositor (the Depositor), and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as indenture trustee (the Indenture Trustee).

WHEREAS, the Issuer was continued pursuant to an amended and restated trust agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the Trust Agreement), between the Depositor and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as owner
trustee (the Owner Trustee);

WHEREAS, the Issuer is issuing the Notes pursuant to an indenture, dated as of the date hereof (the Indenture), between the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee;

WHEREAS, in connection with the issuance of the Notes and of certain beneficial ownership interests in the Issuer, certain documents have been executed, including (i) the Indenture, (ii) a sale and servicing agreement,
dated as of the date hereof (the Sale and Servicing Agreement), among the Issuer, the Depositor, MBFS USA, as seller (in such capacity, the Seller) and as servicer (in such capacity, the Servicer), and (iii) a receivables purchase agreement,
dated as of the date hereof (the Receivables Purchase Agreement), between the Seller and the Depositor;

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Trust Agreement, the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the Indenture, the Issuer and the Owner Trustee are required to perform certain duties in connection with the (i) Notes and the collateral
therefor pledged pursuant to the Indenture (the Collateral) and (ii) beneficial ownership interests in the Issuer;

WHEREAS, the Issuer and the Owner Trustee desire to have the Administrator perform certain of the duties of the Issuer and the Owner Trustee referred to in the preceding clause and to provide such additional services
consistent with the terms of this Agreement and the other Basic Documents as the Issuer and the Owner Trustee may from time to time request; and

WHEREAS, the Administrator has the capacity to provide the services required hereby and is willing to perform such services for the Issuer and the Owner Trustee on the terms set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants herein contained, and of other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as
follows:

Section 1.01. Capitalized Terms; Interpretive Provisions. Capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in Appendix A to
the Sale and Servicing Agreement, which Appendix is hereby incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement. Appendix A also contains rules as to usage applicable to this Agreement.

Section 1.02. Duties of the Administrator.

(a) The Administrator agrees to perform all of its duties as Administrator, including its duties under the Indenture and the Asset Representations Review Agreement, and, except as specifically excluded herein,
agrees to perform all the duties of the Issuer and the Owner Trustee under the Issuer Basic Documents. In addition, the Administrator shall consult with the Owner Trustee regarding the duties of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee under the Issuer Basic
Documents. The Administrator shall monitor the performance of the Issuer and shall advise the Owner Trustee when action is necessary to comply with the respective duties of the Issuer and the Owner Trustee under the Issuer Basic Documents. Further,
on behalf of the Issuer, the Administrator shall perform the duties and obligations related to a transition from the then-current Benchmark, including but not limited to the determination of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark
Replacement Date and any SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes pursuant to the terms of the Indenture. The Administrator shall perform such calculations (including any calculations related to a transition from
the then-current Benchmark pursuant to the terms of the Indenture), and shall prepare for execution by the Issuer, or shall cause the preparation by other appropriate persons of, all such documents, reports, notices, filings, instruments,
certificates and opinions that it shall be the duty of the Issuer or either Trustee to prepare, file or deliver pursuant to the Issuer Basic Documents. In furtherance of the foregoing, the Administrator shall take (or, in the case of the immediately
preceding sentence, cause to be taken) all appropriate action that the Issuer or the Owner Trustee is required to take pursuant to the Indenture including such of the foregoing actions as are required with respect to the following matters under the
Indenture (references are to Sections of the Indenture):

(i) the preparation of or obtaining of the documents and instruments required for execution and authentication of the Notes and delivery of the same to the Indenture Trustee (Section
2.02);

(ii) the duty to cause the Note Register to be kept and to give the Indenture Trustee notice of any appointment of a new Note Registrar and the location, or change in location, of the Note
Register (Section 2.05(a));

(iii) the determination of whether the requirements of Section 8-401 of the UCC are met (Sections 2.05(c) and (d));

(iv) the preparation of an Issuer Request requesting the Indenture Trustee to authenticate and deliver replacement Notes in lieu of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes (Section 2.06);

(v) the preparation of Definitive Notes in accordance with the instructions of the Clearing Agency (Section 2.12);

(vi) the preparation, obtaining or filing of the instruments, opinions and certificates and other documents required for the release of Collateral (Section 2.13);

(vii) the direction of the Indenture Trustee to appoint one or more Authenticating Agents (Section 2.15);

2

(viii) the determination of the SOFR Rate (or other then-current Benchmark), and all other determinations relating to a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date,
making SOFR Adjustment Conforming Changes and, in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, from time to time (Section 2.16);

(ix) the maintenance of an office for registration of transfer or exchange of Notes, and where notices and demands to or upon the Issuer in respect of the Notes and the Indenture may be
served (Section 3.02);

(x) the duty to cause newly appointed Paying Agents, if any, to deliver to the Indenture Trustee the instrument specified in the Indenture regarding funds held in trust (Section 3.03);

(xi) the direction to the Indenture Trustee to deposit monies with Paying Agents, if any, other than the Indenture Trustee (Section 3.03);

(xii) the obtaining and preservation of the Issuers qualifications to do business in each jurisdiction where such qualification is or shall be necessary to protect the validity and
enforceability of the Indenture, the Notes, the Collateral and each other instrument or agreement included in the Trust Estate, including all licenses required under the (A) Maryland Vehicle Sales Finance Act and (B) Pennsylvania Motor Vehicle
Sales Finance Act (Section 3.04);

(xiii) the preparation of all supplements and amendments to the Indenture and all financing statements, continuation statements, instruments of further assurance and other instruments and the
taking of such other actions as are necessary or advisable to protect the Trust Estate (Section 3.05);

(xiv) the delivery of the Opinion of Counsel on the Closing Date and the annual delivery of Opinions of Counsel as to the Trust Estate, and the annual delivery of the Officers Certificate and
certain other statements as to compliance with the Indenture (Sections 3.06 and 3.09);

(xv) the identification to the Indenture Trustee in an Officers Certificate of a Person with whom the Issuer has contracted to perform its duties under the Indenture (Section 3.07(b));

(xvi) the preparation and delivery of written notice to the Indenture Trustee, the Depositor and the Rating Agencies of each Servicer Termination Event and, if such Servicer Termination Event
arises from the failure of the Servicer to perform any of its duties or obligations under the Sale and Servicing Agreement with respect to the Receivables, the taking of all reasonable steps available to remedy such failure (Section 3.07(d));

(xvii) the preparation and obtaining of documents and instruments required for the conveyance or transfer by the Issuer of its properties or assets (Section 3.10(b));

3

(xviii) the duty to cause the Servicer to comply with the Sale and Servicing Agreement (Section 3.12);

(xix) the delivery of written notice to the Indenture Trustee and each Rating Agency of each Event of Default under the Indenture and each default by the Servicer, the Seller or the Depositor
under the Sale and Servicing Agreement or by the Seller or the Purchaser under the Receivables Purchase Agreement (Section 3.17);

(xx) the monitoring of the Issuers obligations as to the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture and the preparation of an Officers Certificate and the obtaining of the Opinion of
Counsel and the Independent Certificate relating thereto (Section 4.01);

(xxi) the compliance with Section 5.04 of the Indenture with respect to the sale of the Trust Estate if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (Section 5.04);

(xxii) the preparation and delivery of notice to Noteholders of the removal of the Indenture Trustee and the appointment of a successor Indenture Trustee (Section 6.08);

(xxiii) the preparation of any written instruments required to confirm more fully the authority of any cotrustee or separate trustee and any written instruments necessary in connection with the
resignation or removal of the Indenture Trustee or any cotrustee or separate trustee (Sections 6.08 and 6.10);

(xxiv) the furnishing of the Indenture Trustee with the names and addresses of Noteholders during any period when the Indenture Trustee is not the Note Registrar (Section 7.01);

(xxv) the preparation and, after execution by the Issuer, the filing with the Commission and the Indenture Trustee of documents required to be filed on a periodic basis with, and summaries
thereof as may be required by rules and regulations prescribed by the Commission and the transmission of such summaries, as necessary, to the Noteholders (Section 7.03);

(xxvi) the opening of one or more accounts in the Indenture Trustees name, established with the Securities Intermediary and the taking of all other actions necessary with respect to investment
and reinvestment of funds in such accounts (Sections 8.02 and 8.03);

(xxvii) the preparation of an Issuer Request and Officers Certificate and the obtaining of an Opinion of Counsel and Independent Certificates, if necessary, for the release of the Trust Estate
(Sections 8.04 and 8.05);

(xxviii) the preparation of Issuer Requests and Officers Certificates, the obtaining of Opinions of Counsel and the certification to the Indenture Trustee with respect to the execution of
supplemental indentures and the mailing to the Noteholders and the Rating Agencies, as applicable, of notices with respect to such supplemental indentures (Sections 9.01 and 9.02);

4

(xxix) the preparation and delivery of all Officers Certificates, Opinions of Counsel and Independent Certificates with respect to any requests by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee to take
any action under the Indenture (Section 11.01(a));

(xxx) the preparation and delivery of Officers Certificates and the obtaining of Opinions of Counsel and Independent Certificates, if necessary, for the release of property from the Lien of
the Indenture (Section 11.01(b));

(xxxi) the preparation and delivery of written notice to the Rating Agencies, upon the failure of the Issuer, the Depositor or the Indenture Trustee to give such notification, of the information
required pursuant to the Indenture (Section 11.04); and

(xxxii) the recording of the Indenture, if applicable (Section 11.16).

(b) The Administrator shall:

(i) pay or cause the Servicer to pay to the Indenture Trustee from time to time such compensation and fees for all services rendered by the Indenture Trustee under the Indenture as have
been agreed to in a separate fee schedule between the Administrator and the Indenture Trustee (which compensation shall not be limited by any Applicable Law in regard to the compensation of a trustee of an express trust);

(ii) except as otherwise expressly provided in the Indenture, reimburse the Indenture Trustee upon its request for all reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances incurred or made by
the Indenture Trustee in accordance with any provision of the Basic Documents (including the reasonable compensation, expenses and disbursements of its agents and counsel), except any such expense, disbursement or advance as may be attributable
to its willful misconduct, negligence or bad faith;

(iii) indemnify, or cause the Servicer to indemnify, the Indenture Trustee for, and hold it harmless, or cause the Servicer to hold it harmless, against, any and all losses, liabilities or
expenses, including attorneys fees, incurred by it in connection with the administration of the Issuer and the performance of its duties under the Indenture, including any Expenses incurred by the Indenture Trustee in connection with the
enforcement of the Administrator or Servicers indemnification or other obligations hereunder, except the Indenture Trustee will not be indemnified for, or held harmless against, any loss, liability or expense incurred by it through its own
willful misconduct, negligence or bad faith;

(iv) except as otherwise expressly provided in the third sentence of Section 7.01 of the Trust Agreement, reimburse the Owner Trustee upon its request for all reasonable expenses,
disbursements and advances incurred or made by the Owner Trustee in accordance with any provision of the Trust Agreement (including reasonable compensation, expenses and disbursements of its agents and counsel), except any such expense,
disbursement or advance as may be attributable to its willful misconduct, negligence or bad faith of the Owner Trustee;

5

(v) indemnify the Owner Trustee and its agents, successors, assigns, directors, officers and employees for, and hold them harmless against, any loss, obligation, damage, tax, claim, suit,
liability or expense incurred without negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith on their part, arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of the transactions contemplated by the Trust Agreement, including the
reasonable costs and expenses of defending themselves against any claim or liability in connection with the exercise or performance of any of their powers or duties under the Trust Agreement; and

(vi) promptly appoint a successor Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 6.08 of the Indenture, upon the Indenture Trustees resignation or removal, or if the office of the Indenture Trustee
becomes vacant for any other reason.

(c) In addition to the duties set forth in Sections 1.02(a) and (b), the Administrator shall (i) execute on behalf of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee and (ii) perform such calculations and shall prepare or shall
cause the preparation by other appropriate Persons of all such documents, notices, reports, filings, instruments, certificates and opinions that the Issuer or the Owner Trustee are required to prepare, file or deliver pursuant to the Issuer Basic
Documents or are otherwise authorized to prepare, file or deliver pursuant to the Basic Documents, and at the request of the Owner Trustee, shall take all appropriate action that the Issuer or the Owner Trustee are required to take pursuant to the
Issuer Basic Documents. In furtherance thereof, the Owner Trustee shall, on behalf of itself and of the Issuer, execute and deliver to the Administrator and to each successor Administrator appointed pursuant to the terms hereof, one or more powers
of attorney substantially in the form of Exhibit A, appointing the Administrator the attorney-in-fact of the Owner Trustee and the Issuer for the purpose of executing on behalf of the Owner Trustee and the Issuer all such documents, reports, filings,
instruments, certificates and opinions. Subject to Section 1.06, and in accordance with the directions of the Owner Trustee, the Administrator shall administer, perform or supervise the performance of such other activities in connection with the
Collateral (including the Basic Documents) as are not covered by any of the foregoing provisions and as are expressly requested by the Owner Trustee and are reasonably within the capability of the Administrator.

(d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or the other Basic Documents to the contrary, the Administrator shall be responsible for promptly notifying the Owner Trustee in the event that any withholding tax
is imposed on the Issuers payments (or allocations of income) to a Certificateholder as contemplated in Section 5.01(d) of the Trust Agreement. Any such notice shall specify the amount of any withholding tax required to be withheld by the Owner
Trustee pursuant to such provision.

(e) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or the other Basic Documents to the contrary, the Administrator shall be responsible for performance of the duties of the Owner Trustee set forth in Section 5.04 of
the Trust Agreement with respect to, among other things, accounting and reports to Certificateholders.

6

(f) To the extent that any tax withholding is required, the Administrator shall deliver to the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee, on or before January 31, 2026, a certificate of an
Authorized Officer in form and substance satisfactory to the Owner Trustee as to such tax withholding and the procedures to be followed with respect thereto to comply with the requirements of the Code. The Administrator shall update such certificate
if any additional tax withholding is subsequently required or any previously required tax withholding shall no longer be required.

(g) The Administrator shall perform the duties of the Administrator specified in Section 10.02 of the Trust Agreement required to be performed in connection with the resignation or removal of the Owner Trustee,
and any other duties expressly required to be performed by the Administrator under the Trust Agreement, the Asset Representations Review Agreement or any other Basic Document.

(h) In carrying out the foregoing duties or any of its other obligations under this Agreement, the Administrator may enter into transactions or otherwise deal with any of its Affiliates; provided, however, that
the terms of any such transactions or dealings shall be in accordance with any directions received from the Issuer and shall be, in the Administrators opinion, no less favorable to the Issuer than would be available from unaffiliated parties.

(i) With respect to matters that in the reasonable judgment of the Administrator are nonministerial, the Administrator shall not take any action unless within a reasonable time before the taking of such action,
the Administrator shall have notified the Owner Trustee of the proposed action and the Owner Trustee shall not have withheld consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, or provided an alternative direction. For the purpose
of the preceding sentence, nonministerial matters shall include:

(i) the amendment of or any supplement to the Indenture;

(ii) the initiation of any claim or lawsuit by the Issuer and the compromise of any action, claim or lawsuit brought by or against the Issuer (other than in connection with the collection
of the Receivables);

(iii) the amendment, change or modification of the Basic Documents;

(iv) the appointment of successor Note Registrars, successor Paying Agents and successor Indenture Trustees pursuant to the Indenture or the appointment of successor Administrators or
Successor Servicers, or the consent to the assignment by the Note Registrar, any Paying Agent or Indenture Trustee of its obligations under the Indenture;

(v) the appointment of successor Owner Trustees pursuant to the Trust Agreement; and

(vi) the removal of the Indenture Trustee.

7

(j) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Administrator shall not be obligated to, and shall not, (i) make any payments to the Noteholders under the Basic Documents, (ii) take any other
action that the Issuer directs the Administrator not to take on its behalf or (iii) take any other action which may be construed as having the effect of varying the investment of the Securityholders.

(k) The Administrator may enter into subservicing agreements with one or more subservicers for the performance of all or part of the Administrators duties hereunder. References herein to actions taken or to be
taken by the Administrator include actions taken or to be taken by a subservicer on behalf of the Administrator. Each subservicing agreement will be upon such terms and conditions as are not inconsistent with this Agreement and as the Administrator
and the subservicer have agreed.

(l) If requested by the Depositor for purposes of compliance with its reporting obligations under the Exchange Act, the Administrator will provide to the Depositor and the Servicer on or before March 1 of each
year beginning March 1, 2026, the servicing criteria assessment required to be filed in respect of the Issuer under the Exchange Act under Item 1122 of Regulation AB if periodic reports under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, or any successor
provision thereto, are required to be filed in respect of the Issuer and shall cause a firm of independent certified public accountants, who may also render other services to the Administrator, the Servicer, the Seller or the Depositor, to deliver to
the Depositor and the Servicer the attestation report that would be required to be filed in respect of the Issuer under the Exchange Act if periodic reports under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, or any successor provision thereto, were required to
be filed in respect of the Issuer. Such attestation shall be in accordance with Rules 1-02(a)(3) and 2-02(g) of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. In the event that an overall opinion cannot be expressed, such registered
public accounting firm shall state in such report why it was unable to express such an opinion.

The Administrator and the Depositor acknowledge and agree that the purpose of this Section 1.02(l) is to facilitate compliance by the Depositor with the provisions of Regulation AB and the related rules and regulations
of the Commission. The Depositor shall not exercise its right to request delivery of information or other performance under these provisions other than in good faith, or for purposes other than compliance with the Securities Act, the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. The Administrator acknowledges that interpretations of the requirements of Regulation AB may change over time, whether due to interpretive guidance
provided by the Commission or its staff, consensus among participants in the asset-backed securities markets, advice of counsel or otherwise, and the Administrator agrees to comply with all reasonable requests made by the Depositor in good faith for
delivery of information and shall deliver to the Depositor all information and certifications reasonably required by the Depositor to comply with its Exchange Act reporting obligations, including with respect to any of its predecessors or successors.
The obligations of the Administrator to provide such information shall survive the removal or termination of the Administrator as Administrator hereunder.

Section 1.03. Records. The Administrator shall maintain appropriate books of account and records relating to services performed hereunder, which books of account and records
shall be accessible for inspection by the Issuer and the Depositor at any time during normal business hours, upon reasonable prior notice.

8

Section 1.04. Compensation. As compensation for the performance of the Administra-tors obligations under this Agreement and as reimbursement for its expenses related thereto,
the Administrator shall be entitled to a monthly payment of compensation which shall be solely an obligation of the Servicer.

Section 1.05. Additional Information to be Furnished to the Issuer. The Administrator shall furnish to the Issuer from time to time such additional information regarding the Collateral as the Issuer may
reasonably request.

Section 1.06. Independence of the Administrator. For all purposes of this Agreement, the Administrator shall be an independent contractor and shall not be subject to the
supervision of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee with respect to the manner in which it accomplishes the performance of its obligations hereunder. Unless expressly authorized by the Issuer, the Administrator shall have no authority to act for or
represent the Issuer or the Owner Trustee in any way and shall not otherwise be deemed an agent of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee.

Section 1.07. No Joint Venture. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall (i) constitute the Administrator and either the Issuer or the Owner Trustee as members of any partnership, joint venture,
association, syndicate, unincorporated business or other separate entity, (ii) be construed to impose any liability as such on any of them or (iii) be deemed to confer on any of them any express, implied or apparent authority to incur any obligation
or liability on behalf of the others.

Section 1.08. Other Activities of Administrator. Nothing herein shall prevent the Administrator or its Affiliates from engaging in other businesses or, in its sole discretion,
from acting in a similar capacity as an administrator for any other Person, even though such Person may engage in business activities similar to those of the Issuer, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee.

Section 1.09. Term of Agreement; Resignation and Removal of Administrator. This Agreement shall continue in force until the dissolution of the Issuer, upon which event this
Agreement shall automatically terminate.

(a) Subject to Section 1.09(c), (i) the Administrator may resign its duties hereunder by providing the Issuer with at least 60 days prior written notice and (ii) the Issuer may remove the Administrator without
cause by providing the Administrator with at least 60 days prior written notice.

(b) Subject to Section 1.09(c), at the sole option of the Issuer, the Administrator may be removed immediately upon written notice of termination from the Issuer to the Administrator if any of the following
events shall occur:

(i) the Administrator shall default in the performance of any of its duties under this Agreement and, after notice of such default, shall not cure such default within ten days (or, if such
default cannot be cured in such time, shall not give within ten days such assurance of cure as shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer); or

(ii) an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Administrator.

9

The Administrator agrees that if an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to it, it shall give written notice thereof to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee within seven days after the occurrence of such event.

(c) No resignation or removal of the Administrator pursuant to this Section shall be effective until (i) a successor Administrator shall have been appointed by the Issuer and (ii) such successor Administrator
shall have agreed in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement in the same manner as the Administrator is bound hereunder. The appointment of any successor Administrator shall be effective after providing prior written notice to each Rating
Agency with respect to the proposed appointment.

(d) Subject to Section 1.09(c), the Administrator acknowledges that upon the appointment of a Successor Servicer pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Administrator shall immediately resign and such
Successor Servicer shall automatically become the Administrator under this Agreement.

Section 1.10. Action Upon Termination, Resignation or Removal. Promptly upon the effective date of termination of this Agreement pursuant to the first sentence of Section 1.09
or the resignation or removal of the Administrator pursuant to Section 1.09(a), (b) or (d), respec-tively, the Administrator shall be entitled to be paid all fees and reimbursable expenses accruing to it to the date of such termination, resignation
or removal. The Administrator shall forthwith upon such termination pursuant to the first sentence of Section 1.09 deliver to the Issuer all property and documents of or relating to the Collateral then in the custody of the Administrator. In the
event of the resignation or removal of the Administrator pursuant to Section 1.09(a), (b) or (d), respectively, the Administrator shall cooperate with the Issuer and take all reasonable steps requested to assist the Issuer in making an orderly
transfer of the duties of the Administrator.

Section 1.11. Notices. Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, all notices, requests, demands, consents, waivers or other communications to or from the parties to this
Agreement will be in writing. Notices, requests, demands, consents and other communications will be deemed to have been given and made, (i) upon delivery or, in the case of a letter mailed via registered first class mail, postage prepaid, three days
after deposit in the mail and (ii) in the case of (a) a facsimile, when receipt is confirmed by telephone or by reply email or reply facsimile from the recipient, (b) an e-mail, when receipt is confirmed by telephone or by reply email from the
recipient and (c) an electronic posting to a password-protected website, upon printed confirmation of the recipients access to such password-protected website, or when notification of such electronic posting is confirmed in accordance with clauses
(ii)(b) through (ii)(c) above. Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, any such notice, request, demand, consent or other communication will be delivered or addressed, in the case of (i) the Issuer or the Owner Trustee, at the Corporate Trust
Office (e-mail: acooper2@wilmingtontrust.com, telecopier: (302) 636-4140), (ii) the Administrator, at 35555 W. Twelve Mile Road, Suite 100, Farmington Hills, Michigan 48331, Attention: Steven C. Poling (e-mail: steven.c.poling@mercedes-benz.com,
telecopier: (817) 224-3587), (iii) the Depositor, at 35555 W. Twelve Mile Road, Suite 100, Farmington Hills, Michigan 48331, Attention: Michelle D. Spreitzer (email: michelle.d.spreitzer@mercedes-benz.com, telecopier: (817) 224-3587) and (iv) the
Indenture Trustee, at its Corporate Trust Office, (e-mail: melissa.rosal@usbank.com and e-mail: juan.hernandez3@usbank.com, Telephone: (312) 332-7496 and (312) 416-6525); or as to each of the foregoing, at such other address as shall be designated by
written notice to the other entities.

10

Section 1.12. Amendments. This Agreement may be amended from time to time by a written amendment duly executed and delivered by the parties hereto, with the written consent of
the Owner Trustee but without the consent of any Securityholder, for the purposes of curing any ambiguity or mistake, adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or of modifying in any
manner the rights of the Securityholders; provided, that no such amendment shall materially and adversely affect the interest of any Noteholder. This Agreement may also be amended by the parties hereto with the written consent of the Noteholders
evidencing at least 51% of the Note Balance of the Notes or, if the Notes have been paid in full, the Certificateholders evidencing at least 51% of the aggregate Certificate Percentage Interest for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing
in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Securityholders; provided, however, that no such amendment may (i) increase or reduce in any manner the amount of, or accelerate or
delay the timing of, collections of payments on the Receivables or distributions that are required to be made for the benefit of the Securityholders without the consent of all Securityholders adversely affected thereby or (ii) reduce the percentage
of the Note Balance of the Notes or of the Certificate Percentage Interest, the consent of the Noteholders or the Certificateholders, respectively, of which is required for any amendment to this Agreement without the consent of 100% of the Holders of
all Notes then Outstanding or all Certificates, respectively.

An amendment to this Agreement shall be deemed not to materially adversely affect the interests of any Noteholder if the Person requesting such amendment obtains and delivers to the Owner Trustee and the Indenture
Trustee an Opinion of Counsel or an Officers Certificate of the Issuer to that effect and, with respect to the Notes, by satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition with respect to such amendment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator
may not amend this Agreement without the consent of the Depositor, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

Section 1.13. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement may not be assigned by the Administrator unless such assignment is previously consented to in writing by the Issuer and the
Owner Trustee, and subject to the satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition in respect thereof. An assignment with such consent and satisfaction, if accepted by the assignee, shall bind the assignee hereunder in the same manner as the
Administrator is bound hereunder. Notwithstand-ing the foregoing, this Agreement may be assigned by the Administrator without the consent of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee to a Person that is a successor (by merger, consolidation or purchase of
assets) to the Administrator; provided, that such successor Person executes and delivers to the Issuer, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee an agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Owner Trustee and the Indenture
Trustee, in which such Person agrees to be bound hereunder by the terms of said assignment in the same manner as the Administrator is bound hereunder. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall bind any successors or assigns of the parties
hereto.

11

Section 1.14. Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHERWISE APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS (OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401
AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW), AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

Section 1.15. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO HAVE A JURY PARTICIPATE IN RESOLVING ANY DISPUTE, WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE BETWEEN THE PARTIES
HERETO ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED WITH, RELATED TO OR INCIDENTAL TO THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN ANY OF THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. INSTEAD, ANY SUCH DISPUTE RESOLVED IN COURT WILL BE RESOLVED IN A
BENCH TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY.

Section 1.16. Table of Contents and Headings. The Table of Contents and the various headings in this Agreement are included for
convenience only and will not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement.

Section 1.17. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original,
but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

Section 1.18. Severability. If any one or more of the covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of this Agreement shall be for any reason whatsoever held invalid, then such
covenants, agreements, provisions or terms shall be deemed severable from the remaining covenants, agreements, provisions and terms of this Agreement and shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of the other covenants, agreements,
provisions and terms of this Agreement.

Section 1.19. Limitation of Liability of Owner Trustee and Indenture Trustee.

(a) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, it is expressly understood and agreed by the parties hereto that (i) this Agreement is executed and delivered by Wilmington Trust, National
Association, not individually or personally but solely as Owner Trustee, in the exercise of the powers and authority conferred and vested in it, (ii) each of the representations, undertakings and agreements herein made on the part of the Issuer is
made and intended not as a personal representation, undertaking or agreement by the Owner Trustee but is made and intended for the purpose of binding only the Issuer, (iii) nothing herein contained shall be construed as creating any liability on the
Owner Trustee, individually or personally, to perform any covenant either expressed or implied contained herein, all such liability, if any, being expressly waived by the parties hereto and by any Person claiming by, through or under the parties
hereto, (iv) the Owner Trustee has not verified and has made no investigation as to the accuracy or completeness of any representations or warranties made by the Issuer hereunder and (v) under no circumstances shall the Owner Trustee be personally
liable for the payment of any indebtedness or expenses of the Issuer or be liable for the breach or failure of any obligation, representation, warranty or covenant made or undertaken by the Issuer under this Agreement or any other related documents. 
For all purposes of this Agreement, in the performance of any duties or obligations of the Issuer hereunder, the Owner Trustee shall be subject to, and entitled to the benefits of, the terms and provisions of Articles Six, Seven and Eight of the
Trust Agreement.

12

(b) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, this Agreement has been executed by U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association solely in its capacity as Indenture Trustee under the Indenture,
and in no event shall the Indenture Trustee in its individual capacity have any liability for the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements or other obligations of the Issuer hereunder or in any of the certificates, notices or agreements
delivered pursuant hereto, as to all of which recourse shall be had solely to the assets of the Issuer.

Section 1.20. ThirdParty Beneficiary. The Owner Trustee is a thirdparty beneficiary to this Agreement and is entitled to the rights and benefits hereunder and may enforce
the provisions hereof as if it were a party hereto.

Section 1.21. Successor Servicer and Administrator. The Administrator shall undertake, as promptly as possible after the giving of notice of termination to the Servicer of the
Servicers rights and powers pursuant to Section 7.01 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, to enforce the provisions of Section 7.02 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement with respect to the appointment of a Successor Servicer. Such Successor Servicer
shall, upon compliance with the second to last sentence of Section 7.02 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, become the successor Administrator hereunder; provided, however, that if the Indenture Trustee shall become such successor Administrator, the
Indenture Trustee shall not be required to perform any obligations or duties or conduct any activities as successor Administrator that would be prohibited by law and not within the banking and trust powers of the Indenture Trustee. In such event,
the Indenture Trustee may appoint a sub-administrator to perform such obligations and duties. Any transfer of servicing pursuant to Section 7.02 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement and related succession as Administrator hereunder shall not
constitute an assumption by the related successor Administrator of any liability of the related outgoing Administrator arising out of any breach by such outgoing Administrator of such outgoing Administrators duties hereunder prior to such transfer.

Section 1.22. Nonpetition Covenants.

(a) Each of the Depositor, the Administrator, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee covenants and agrees that it will not at any time institute against, or join any Person in instituting against, the
Issuer any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation Proceedings, or other Proceedings under any Insolvency Law in connection with any obligations relating to any of the Basic Documents and agrees that it will not cooperate
with or encourage others to file a bankruptcy petition against the Issuer during the same period.

(b) Each of the Issuer, the Administrator, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee covenants and agrees that it will not at any time institute against, or join any Person in instituting against, the
Depositor any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation Proceedings, or other Proceedings under any Insolvency Law in connection with any obligations relating to any of the Basic Documents and agrees that it will not
cooperate with or encourage others to file a bankruptcy petition against the Depositor during the same period.

Section 1.23. Electronic Signatures. Any signature (including any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a
Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record) hereto or to any other certificate, agreement or document related to this Agreement, and any contract formation or record-keeping through electronic means shall have the
same legal validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based recordkeeping system to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act,
the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any similar State law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.

13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers, thereunto duly authorized, as of the day and year first above written.

MERCEDES-BENZ AUTO RECEIVABLES 

TRUST 2025-1, as Issuer

By: 

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: 

/s/ Matthew Jorjorian

Name: Matthew Jorjorian

Title: Vice President

MERCEDES-BENZ RETAIL 

RECEIVABLES LLC, 

as Depositor

By: 

/s/ Susan Sinclair

Name: Susan Sinclair

Title: Vice President

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL 

ASSOCIATION,

not in its individual capacity but solely as 

Indenture Trustee

By: 

/s/ Juan S. Hernandez

Name: Juan S. Hernandez

Title: Vice President

MERCEDES-BENZ FINANCIAL SERVICES 

USA LLC, as Administrator

By: 

/s/ Susan Sinclair

Name: Susan Sinclair

Title: Vice President

Administration Agreement

EXHIBIT A

POWER OF ATTORNEY PURSUANT TO

SECTION 1.02(c) OF ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that Wilmington Trust, National Association, a national banking association, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee of Mercedes-Benz Auto Receivables Trust 2025-1, a
Delaware statutory trust (the Issuer), as grantor (in such capacity, the Grantor), does hereby appoint MBFS USA LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (MBFS USA), as grantee (the Grantee), as its attorney-in-fact with full power of
substitution and hereby authorizes and empowers the Grantee, in the name of and on behalf of the Grantor or the Issuer, to take the following actions from time to time with respect to the duties of MBFS USA, as administrator (in such capacity, the
Administrator) under the administration agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the Administration Agreement), among the Issuer, the Administrator, Mercedes-Benz Retail Receivables LLC (Mercedes-Benz Retail Receivables) and U.S. Bank Trust
Company, National Association, for the purpose of executing on behalf of the Grantor or the Issuer all such documents, reports, filings, instruments, certificates and opinions required pursuant to the Basic Documents.

The Grantee is hereby empowered to do any and all lawful acts necessary or desirable to effect the performance of its duties as Administrator under the Administration Agreement and the Grantor hereby ratifies and
confirms any and all lawful acts the Grantee shall undertake pursuant to and in conformity with this Power of Attorney.

This Power of Attorney is revocable in whole or in part as to the powers herein granted upon notice by the Grantor. If not earlier revoked, this Power of Attorney shall expire completely or, if so indicated, in part,
upon the earlier of the (i) termination of the amended and restated trust agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the Trust Agreement), between Mercedes-Benz Retail Receivables, as depositor, and Wilmington Trust, National Association (WTNA), as
owner trustee, or (ii) termination of the Administration Agreement. Capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Trust Agreement or, if not defined therein, in the Administration
Agreement, as the case may be.

This Power of Attorney shall be created under and governed and construed under the internal laws of the State of New York.

The Grantor executes this Power of Attorney with the intent to be legally bound hereby, and with the intent that such execution shall have the full dignity afforded by the accompanying witnessing and notarization and all
lesser dignity resulting from the absence of such witnessing and notarization or any combination thereof.

A-1

It is expressly understood and agreed by the Grantee and any person relying on this Power of Attorney that (a) the Administration Agreement and this Power of Attorney is executed and delivered by WTNA, not individually
or personally, but solely as Owner Trustee, in the exercise of the powers and authority conferred and vested in it, (b) each of the representations, undertakings and agreements made in the Administration Agreement or in this Power of Attorney on the
part of the Grantor is made and intended not as personal representations, undertakings and agreements by WTNA but is made and intended for the purpose of binding only the Grantor or the Owner Trustee, respectively, (c) nothing in the Administration
Agreement or herein contained shall be construed as creating any liability on WTNA, individually or personally, to perform any covenant either expressed or implied contained in the Administration Agreement or herein of the Grantor or the Owner
Trustee, all such liability, if any, being expressly waived by the Grantee and any person relying on this Power of Attorney and by any person claiming by, through or under the Grantee or such person, (d) WTNA has made no investigation as to the
accuracy or completeness of any representations and warranties made in the Administration Agreement or herein and (e) under no circumstances shall WTNA be personally liable for the payment of any indebtedness or expenses of the Grantor or the Owner
Trustee or be liable for the breach or failure of any obligation, representation, warranty or covenant made or undertaken by the Grantor or the Owner Trustee under the Administration Agreement, this Power of Attorney or any other related documents.

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Power of Attorney does not, and is not intended to, and will not be construed to, grant any authority to the Grantee to (i) expand, increase, incur, or otherwise
impose any duties, liabilities or obligations of or on the Owner Trustee, as trustee or in its individual capacity, or (ii) provide any guaranty, indemnity or property of the Owner Trustee, as trustee or in its individual capacity, for any reason
whatsoever.

A-2

Dated this ____ day of January, 2025. 

[Seal] 

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee of Mercedes-Benz Auto Receivables Trust 2025-1

By: 

Name:

Title:

Signed and delivered in the presence of: 

Address: 

[Unofficial Witness] 

A-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>