<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-029378.txt : 20250328
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-029378.hdr.sgml : 20250328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250328161524
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-029378
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250328
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pacific Coast Oil Trust
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001538822
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35532
		FILM NUMBER:		25786457

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		601 TRAVIS STREET, FLOOR 16
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5122366555

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		601 TRAVIS STREET, FLOOR 16
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2510814d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 28, 2025

Pacific Coast
Oil Trust

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 1-35532 80-6216242

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification Number)

The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.

601 Travis, Floor 16

Houston, Texas 77002

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (512) 236-6555

Not applicable 

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction
A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-(b)) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.

On March 28, 2025, Pacific Coast Oil Trust (the
Trust) issued a press release announcing the Trusts monthly net profits interest calculations. A copy of the press
release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

Pursuant to General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K
and Securities and Exchange Commission Release No. 33-8176, the press release attached as Exhibit 99.1 is not filed
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is not subject to the liabilities of that section and is
not deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, but is instead furnished for purposes
of that instruction.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit 99.1 Pacific Coast Oil Trust Press Release
dated March 28, 2025.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Pacific Coast Oil Trust

By: The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee

Date: March 28, 2025 By: /s/ Sarah Newell

Sarah Newell

Vice President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2510814d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Pacific Coast Oil Trust

Pacific Coast Oil Trust Announces Monthly Net Profits Interest Calculations

Pacific Coast
Oil Trust

The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company, N.A., Trustee

News Release

For Immediate Release

Houston, Texas March 28, 2025 
PACIFIC COAST OIL TRUST (OTCROYTL) (the Trust), a royalty trust formed by Pacific Coast Energy Company LP (PCEC),
announced today that there will be no cash distribution to the holders of its units of beneficial interest of record on March 28,
2025 based on the Trusts calculation of net profits generated during January 2025 (the Current Month) as provided
in the conveyance of net profits interests and overriding royalty interest (the Conveyance). As further described below
under Update on Estimated Asset Retirement Obligations, based on information from PCEC, any monthly payments that PCEC may
make to the Trust may not be sufficient to cover the Trusts administrative expenses and outstanding debt to PCEC, and therefore
the likelihood of distributions to the unitholders in the foreseeable future is extremely remote. As further described below under Status
of the Dissolution of the Trust, because the annual cash proceeds received by the Trust from its net profits interests (the Net
Profits Interests) and 7.5% overriding royalty interest (the Royalty Interest) totaled less than $2.0 million
for each of 2020 and 2021, the amended and restated trust agreement governing the Trust (the Trust Agreement) provides that
the Trust is to be dissolved and wound-up. All financial and operational information in this press release has been provided to the Trustee
by PCEC.

On October 23, 2024, a terminated employee
of PCEC filed a complaint, styled Brendan Potyondy v. Pacific Coast Energy Company, LP, in the U.S. District Court for the Central
District of California alleging that PCEC retaliated against him for engaging in protected whistleblowing activities in violation of federal
and state laws. The plaintiff alleges that he filed certain reports with several federal and state agencies alleging violations of law
by PCEC. Among the agencies plaintiff alleges to have contacted are the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the
California Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the California Geologic Management Division, and the California Department of
Fish and Wildlife. In his complaint to the SEC, the plaintiff alleges, among other things, that PCEC had purposefully provided false data
to the Trustee and to the Trusts independent registered public accounting firm regarding PCECs operations, including the
calculation of its asset retirement obligations. On November 22, 2024, Mr. Potyondy filed an amended complaint, which removed
all claims alleging violation of state law and all allegations of alleged reports to state agencies. On January 28, 2025, the Court
granted PCECs motion to dismiss Mr. Potyondys remaining claim, but granted him until February 11, 2025 to file
an amended complaint to attempt to fix the defects the Court identified in Mr. Potyondys complaint. On February 6, 2025,
Mr. Potyondy filed his second amended complaint. PCEC moved to dismiss the amended complaint on February 18, 2025. The Court
heard the motion on March 21, 2025 but has yet to issue its decision. PCEC has indicated to the Trustee that it maintains the plaintiffs
allegations are without merit and that PCEC will defend against these allegations. The Trustees independent investigation of the
relevant allegations made in the complaint is ongoing.

The Current Months distribution calculation
for the Developed Properties reflected operating income of approximately $0.7 million, as revenues from the Developed Properties were
approximately $2.8 million, lease operating expenses including property taxes were approximately $2.1 million, and development costs
were approximately $2,800. The average realized price for the Developed Properties was $65.87 per Boe for the Current Month, as compared
to $67.07 per Boe in December 2024 (the Prior Month). The cumulative net profits deficit for the Developed Properties
decreased from approximately $19.2 million in the Prior Month to approximately $19.1 million in the Current Month, as further
discussed below under Update on Estimated Asset Retirement Obligations.

The Current Months calculation included
approximately $57,000 from the 7.5% overriding royalty interest on the Remaining Properties from Orcutt Diatomite and Orcutt Field. Average
realized prices for the Remaining Properties were $62.08 per Boe for the Current Month, as compared to $64.11 per Boe for the Prior Month,
before prior period adjustments. The cumulative net profits deficit for the Remaining Properties decreased from $164,000 in the Prior
Month to approximately $161,000 in the Current Month, as further discussed below under Update on Estimated Asset Retirement Obligations.

The monthly operating and services fee of approximately
$113,000 payable to PCEC, together with Trust estimated general and administrative expenses of approximately $200,000, exceeded the payment
of approximately $57,000 received from PCEC with respect to the Remaining Properties, creating a shortfall of approximately $256,000.

Sales Volumes and Prices

The following table displays PCECs underlying
sales volumes and average prices for the Current Month:

Underlying Properties 

Sales Volumes Average Price 

(Boe) (Boe/day) (per Boe) 

Developed Properties (a) 41,979 1,354 $ 65.87 

Remaining Properties (b) 13,200 426 $ 62.08 

(a) Crude oil sales represented 98% of sales volumes 

(b) Crude oil sales represented 100% of sales volumes 

Update on Amounts Owed to PCEC by the Trust

PCEC has provided the Trust with a $1 million
letter of credit to be used by the Trust if its cash on hand (including available cash reserves) is not sufficient to pay ordinary course
administrative expenses as they become due. As of March 31, 2021, the letter of credit has been fully drawn down. Further, the Trust
Agreement provides that if the Trust requires more than the $1 million under the letter of credit to pay administrative expenses, PCEC
will, upon written request of the Trustee, loan funds to the Trust in such amount as necessary to pay such expenses. Under the Trust Agreement,
the Trust may only use funds provided under the letter of credit or loaned by PCEC or another source to pay the Trusts current
accounts or other obligations to trade creditors in connection with obtaining goods or services or for the payment of other accrued current
liabilities arising in the ordinary course of the Trusts business. As the Trust has fully drawn down the letter of credit, PCEC
has loaned funds to the Trust pursuant to a promissory note to pay shortfalls related to previous months and will be loaning funds to
the Trust to pay the expected shortfall of approximately $256,000 related to the Current Month.

As of the end of the Current Month, the Trust
owed PCEC approximately $10.1 million (which includes the amount drawn from the letter of credit, amounts borrowed under the promissory
note, and in each case, accrued interest).

Loans made to the Trust and amounts drawn from
the letter of credit, together with interest thereon, will be repaid from proceeds, if any, payable to the Trust pursuant to the Net Profits
Interests and the Royalty Interest, and from any proceeds from a sale of the Trusts assets in connection with the dissolution of
the Trust. Consequently, no further distributions may be made until the Trusts indebtedness created by such amounts drawn or borrowed,
including interest thereon, has been paid in full. Given the outstanding amount borrowed by the Trust to date, there may not be any net
proceeds from a sale of the Trusts assets to be distributed to the Trust unitholders.

Update on Estimated Asset Retirement Obligations

As previously disclosed, in November 2019,
PCEC informed the Trustee that, as permitted by the Conveyance, PCEC intended to begin deducting its estimated asset retirement obligations
(ARO) associated with the West Pico, Orcutt Hill, Orcutt Hill Diatomite, East Coyote and Sawtelle fields, thereby reducing
the amounts payable to the Trust under its Net Profits Interests. ARO is the recognition related to net present value of future plugging
and abandonment costs that all oil and gas operators face. PCEC engaged an accounting firm, Moss Adams LLP (Moss Adams),
acting as third-party consultants, to assist PCEC in determining its estimated ARO, and on February 27, 2020, PCEC informed the Trustee
that based on the analysis performed by Moss Adams, PCECs estimated ARO, as of December 31, 2019, was $45,695,643, which is
approximately $10.0 million less than the undiscounted amount that was originally estimated before Moss Adams completed its analysis,
as previously disclosed in the Trusts Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 13, 2019. According to PCEC
and its third-party consultants, its estimated ARO, which reflected PCECs assessment of current market conditions as of December 31,
2019 and changes in California law, was determined to be approximately $33.2 million for the Developed Properties and approximately $12.5
million for the Remaining Properties, or approximately $26.5 million and approximately $3.1 million net to the Trust, respectively, and
PCEC has reflected these amounts beginning with the calculation of the net profits generated during January 2020.

PCEC has informed the Trustee that in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, PCEC will evaluate the ARO on a quarterly basis. As a result of that re-evaluation, the
actual ARO incurred in the future may be greater or less than the estimated amounts provided by PCEC. As previously disclosed, PCEC has
informed the Trustee that at year-end 2020, and following the end of each of the first, second and third quarters of 2021, in light of
the accounting guidance under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 410-20-35-3, which requires the recognition of changes
in the asset retirement obligation due to the passage of time and revision of the timing or amount of the originally estimated undiscounted
cash flows, PCEC re-evaluated the estimated ARO, which resulted in an aggregate increase to the ARO accrual for the Developed Properties
by approximately $5.1 million, net to the Trusts interest, and an aggregate increase to the ARO accrual for the Remaining
Properties by approximately $288,000, net to the Trusts interest. PCEC previously informed the Trustee that PCEC has recognized
additional asset retirement obligations for the year ended December 31, 2021, in the amount of approximately $1.2 million, of which
approximately $0.4 million relates to the Developed Properties, while approximately $0.8 million relates to the Remaining Properties.
Net to the Trusts interests, this represents an upward ARO revision of approximately $0.3 million and approximately $0.2 million
for the Developed Properties and the Remaining Properties, respectively.

In June 2023, PCEC engaged Cornerstone Engineering, Inc.
(Cornerstone) to perform an ARO evaluation for the West Pico and Orcutt Hill fields. Based on Cornerstones report,
Moss Adams has provided PCEC with an updated ARO valuation that reflects an upward adjustment in the ARO values as of December 31,
2022, of approximately $13.7 million discounted to December 31, 2022, with a cumulative increase in the accretion for the first three
quarters of 2023 of approximately $1.0 million net to the Trusts interests. The adjustment in the ARO values as of December 31,
2022, and accretion was recorded as a single adjustment during September for the calculated difference between the previously recorded
ARO values and the new value including accretion through September 2023. These adjustments were reflected in the net profits interest
calculations for September 2023.

PCEC has informed the Trustee that in the net
profits calculation for the Current Month, PCEC has reflected upward adjustments in the ARO of approximately $0.5 million for the Developed
Properties ($0.4 million net to the Trusts 80% net profits interest) and approximately $142,000 for the Remaining Properties ($36,000
net to the Trusts 25% net profits interest) related to accumulated accretion on the ARO. PCEC has informed the Trustee that it
expects to continue to make these adjustments monthly going forward.

The net profits deficit for the Developed Properties
decreased from approximately $19.2 million in the Prior Month to approximately $19.1 million in the Current Month, while the net profits
deficit for the Remaining Properties decreased from $164,000 in the Prior Month to $161,000 in the Current Month. The net profits deficit
must be recouped from proceeds otherwise payable to the Trust from the Net Profits Interests. The Trust is not responsible for the payment
of the deficit, which will continue to be repaid out of the proceeds from the Net Profits Interests following the sale thereof in connection
with the dissolution of the Trust. Proceeds from such sale would be used to repay amounts drawn from the letter of credit and borrowed
from PCEC and to pay the expenses of the Trust, including any estimated future remaining expenses, with any remaining net proceeds to
be distributed to the Trust unitholders; sale proceeds will not be reflected in any monthly net profits interest calculation and therefore
would not be applied to repayment of any net profits deficit in existence at the time of such sale.

Based on PCECs estimate of its ARO attributable
to the Net Profits Interests, deductions relating to estimated ARO are likely to eliminate the likelihood of any distributions to Trust
unitholders for the foreseeable future, as previously disclosed in the Trusts Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 13,
2019.

As previously disclosed, the Trust engaged Martindale
Consultants, Inc. (Martindale), a provider of analysis and compliance review services to the oil and gas industry,
to perform an independent review of the estimated ARO in the Moss Adams report that PCEC provided to the Trustee. The Trustee also has
engaged an accounting expert to advise the Trustee regarding the accruals that PCEC has booked relating to its estimated ARO. As disclosed
in the Trusts Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 29, 2020, Martindale has completed its review of the estimated
ARO and on December 21, 2020, provided its analysis and recommendations to the Trustee. Based on Martindales recommendations
provided in its report to the Trust, as disclosed in the Trusts Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 29, 2020,
the Trustee requested that PCEC promptly make several adjustments to its calculations and methods of deducting ARO from the proceeds to
which the Trust is otherwise entitled pursuant to its Net Profits Interests. PCEC has responded to the Trustee, indicating PCECs
view that the adjustments would violate applicable contracts and accounting standards, and has therefore declined to make any adjustments
to the estimated ARO calculation based on those requests and the recommendations of the Martindale report. The Trustee has concluded that
it has taken all actions reasonably available to it under the Trusts governing documents in connection with PCECs ARO calculation
and therefore has determined not to take further action at this time.

Status of the Dissolution of the Trust

As described in more detail in the Trusts
filings with the SEC, the Trust Agreement provides that the Trust will terminate if the annual cash proceeds received by the Trust from
the Net Profits Interests and the Royalty Interest total less than $2.0 million for each of any two consecutive calendar years. Because
of the cumulative net profits deficitwhich PCEC contends is the result of the substantial reduction in commodity prices during
2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and PCECs deduction of estimated ARO beginning in the first quarter of 2020the only cash
proceeds the Trust has received from March 2020 has been attributable to the Royalty Interest, other than the period from August 2022
through February 2023, when the net profits deficit with respect to the Remaining Properties had been eliminated. As a result, the
total proceeds received by the Trust in each of 2020 and 2021 were less than $2.0 million. Therefore, the Trust had been expected
to terminate by its terms at the end of 2021.

Evergreen Arbitration

As previously disclosed in the Trusts Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2021, on December 8, 2021, Evergreen Capital Management LLC (Evergreen)
filed an Amended Class Action and Shareholder Derivative Complaint alleging a derivative action on behalf of the Trust and against
PCEC in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles (the Court).

On December 10, 2021, Evergreen filed a motion
for temporary restraining order and for preliminary injunction, seeking to (1) enjoin the Trustee from dissolving the Trust, (2) enjoin
PCEC from dissolving the Trust, (3) direct PCEC to account for all monies withheld from the Trust on the basis of ARO costs since
September 2019, and (4) direct PCEC to place such monies in escrow. On December 16, 2021, the Court granted Evergreens
application for a temporary restraining order only to the extent of enjoining the dissolution of the Trust. Accordingly, the Trust did
not dissolve at the end of 2021 and commence the process of selling its assets and winding up its affairs.

On January 11, 2022, PCEC and Evergreen filed
an agreed stipulation to stay the prosecution of Evergreens derivative claims pending an arbitration of such claims. On January 13,
2022, the Court signed an Order dissolving the December 16, 2021, temporary restraining order and entering a new temporary restraining
order to preserve the status quo until a tribunal of three arbitrators appointed pursuant to the Trust Agreement could rule on any
request by Evergreen for injunctive relief. On April 11, 2022, PCEC notified the Court, at the arbitrators request, that
the arbitration panel had issued an order on April 7, 2022, denying Evergreens request for injunctive relief. On April 13,
2022, Evergreen notified the Court that Evergreen had filed a motion for reconsideration with the arbitration panel that same day, which
was denied on May 26, 2022. On August 30, 2022, the arbitration Panel issued a Partial Final Award dismissing with prejudice
Evergreens derivative claims against PCEC, including Evergreens application for an injunction. On December 5, 2023,
the California Superior Court confirmed that Partial Final Award.

On June 20, 2022, Evergreen filed an amended
pleading in the arbitration, adding the Trustee as a party to that proceeding. In early September 2022, Evergreen informed the Trustee
that it was going to seek a preliminary injunction while its claims against the Trustee were pending. At the request of the arbitration
panel, the Trustee agreed to take no steps toward the sale of the Trust corpus until the Panel decided Evergreens application for
a preliminary injunction. On September 12, 2022, the Trustee filed a motion to dismiss Evergreens claims against the Trustee.
On September 22, 2022, Evergreen filed an opposition to the Trustees motion to dismiss. On September 15, 2022, Evergreen
filed a motion to enjoin the Trustee from selling the Trust assets or dissolving the Trust during the pendency of the arbitration. The
Trustee and PCEC filed a response in opposition to Evergreens motion on September 22, 2022. Both motions were heard by the
Panel on October 24, 2022. On October 31, 2022, the Panel granted the Trustees motion and dismissed Evergreens
claims against the Trustee with prejudice, which mooted Evergreens request for injunctive relief.

As a result, subject to the outcome of the Trustees
investigation of the relevant allegations in the whistleblower complaint against PCEC described above, the Trustee plans to move forward
with the winding up of the Trust in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Agreement, which will include selling all of the Trusts
assets and distributing the net proceeds of the sale to the Trust unitholders after payment, or reasonable provision for payment, of all
Trust liabilities, including the establishment of cash reserves in such amounts as the Trustee in its discretion deems appropriate for
the purpose of making reasonable provision for all claims and obligations of the Trust, including any contingent, conditional or unmatured
claims and obligations, in accordance with the Delaware Statutory Trust Act.

PCEC Arbitration

On March 31, 2023, PCEC submitted a demand
for arbitration against the Trustee, as trustee of the Trust, seeking, among other things, (1) an order compelling the Trustee to
commence the process of dissolving the Trust pursuant to the provisions of the Trust Agreement, (2) a declaration that the Conveyance
permits the legal fees and costs that PCEC, as operator, incurred in defending the Evergreen litigation and arbitration proceedings described
above to be deducted from the proceeds from the Net Profits Interests, and (3) a declaration that the Trust must repay, with interest,
the legal fees and costs that PCEC paid on behalf of the Trust to defend claims against the Trustee in the Evergreen proceedings or, alternatively,
that PCEC may deduct such legal fees and costs from the proceeds from the Net Profits Interests.

The hearing before the arbitration panel was concluded
on August 2, 2023, and on September 28, 2023, as previously disclosed, the arbitration panel issued its Partial Final Award,
in which the panel found as follows:

The Trustee is not required to immediately commence
the marketing and sale of the Trusts assets;

PCEC is entitled to deduct from the net profits
its own legal fees and the Trustees legal fees paid by PCEC in connection with the Evergreen proceedings; and

PCEC is not entitled to reimbursement of such
legal fees from the proceeds of the sale of the Trusts assets.

In light of the arbitration panels finding
that the Trustee is not required to immediately commence the marketing of the Trusts assets, the Trustee has continued to work
with PCEC and the Trusts independent auditor to complete the audits of the Trusts financial statements for the years ended
December 31, 2019 through December 31, 2023 and the reviews of the Trusts quarterly financial statements for the years
2022, 2023 and 2024 and to prepare a comprehensive annual report on Form 10-K as part of the Trusts efforts to become current
in its filing obligations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Trust expects to file the comprehensive annual report
with the Securities and Exchange Commission as soon as possible after completion of the audits, at which point the Trustee expects to
commence the marketing and sale process; however, it is possible that additional delays in the completion and filing of the comprehensive
annual report could occur, including as a result of the Trustees investigation of the relevant allegations in the whistleblower
complaint against PCEC described above. In the meantime, the Trustee will continue to communicate material information to unitholders
via press releases and Forms 8-K.

Meanwhile, because the Partial Final Award confirmed
PCECs right to deduct from the net profits its own legal fees and the Trustees legal fees paid by PCEC in connection with
the Evergreen proceedings, PCEC deducted approximately $4.0 million of PCEC legal fees (plus approximately $0.4 million in interest),
or approximately $3.5 million net to the Trusts 80% net profits interest, under the net profits interest calculations for September 2023,
which reflected PCEC legal fees paid through September 30, 2023. Through the end of the Current Month, PCEC had further deducted
a total of $2.1 million of PCEC legal fees, including adjustments, or approximately $1.7 million net to the Trusts 80% net profits
interest, and a total of $1.8 million of the Trustees legal fees paid by PCEC in connection with the Evergreen proceedings,
or approximately $1.5 million net to the Trusts 80% net profits interest. PCEC has indicated to the Trustee that PCEC continues
to incur fees and expenses related to Evergreens appeal of its loss in the litigation and arbitration and will continue to deduct
those amounts under the monthly net profits interest calculation as provided in the Conveyance, which could result in further increases
to the net profits deficit for the Developed Properties.

The Trust has borrowed funds from PCEC sufficient
to pay the approximately $0.9 million of legal fees of the Trustee incurred in connection with the PCEC arbitration, as well as approximately
$59,000 representing the Trusts share of the fees of the arbitration panel.

Replacement of the Trustee

As previously disclosed, at a special meeting
of the unitholders of the Trust held on July 12, 2023 (the Special Meeting), a majority of the unitholders voted to
remove The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as trustee of the Trust. A successor trustee was not nominated for approval at
the Special Meeting. Under Section 6.05 of the Trust Agreement, if a new trustee has not been approved within 60 days after
a vote of unitholders removing a trustee, a successor trustee may be appointed by any State or Federal District Court having jurisdiction
in New Castle County, Delaware, upon the application of PCEC, any Trust unitholder, or the Trustee.

On September 11, 2023, PCEC filed a petition
with the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the Court) seeking to appoint Province, LLC as successor trustee.

On September 12, 2023, unitholders Evergreen
Capital Management LLC, Shipyard Capital LP, Shipyard Capital Management LLC, Cedar Creek Partners LP, Eriksen Capital Management LLC
and Walter Keenan (collectively, the Unitholder Petitioners) jointly filed a petition with the Court seeking to appoint
Barclay Leib as temporary trustee and as successor trustee as of January 1, 2024. As Section 6.05 of the Trust Agreement requires
that any successor trustee must be a bank or trust company having combined capital, surplus and undivided profits of at least $100,000,000,
the Unitholder Petitioners requested that the Court modify the Trust Agreement to remove that requirement. Subsequently, the Unitholder
Petitioners elected not to proceed and filed a stipulated dismissal of their petition on October 17, 2023, which was signed by the
Court that day.

On October 31, 2023, PCEC filed a motion
for summary judgment with regard to the appointment of a successor or temporary trustee, and the Trustee filed a response in opposition
to that motion on November 14, 2023. The Court denied PCECs motion at a hearing held on November 28, 2023. PCEC elected
not to proceed at this time and filed a stipulated dismissal of its petition, without prejudice, on February 27, 2024, which was
signed by the Court that day.

The Trustee is unable to predict when a successor
trustee will be appointed. Until that time, the Trustee will remain as trustee of the Trust and will continue to have the rights and obligations
as trustee pursuant to the Trust Agreement.

The Trust has borrowed funds from PCEC sufficient
to pay the approximately $0.3 million of legal fees of the Trustee incurred in connection with the proceedings initiated by the Unitholder
Petitioners, as well as approximately $42,000 representing the Trusts share of court fees.

Production Update

PCEC has informed the Trustee that PCEC continues
to strategically deploy capital to maintain production within export and transportation constraints resulting from the previously disclosed
termination of the Phillips 66 pipeline Connection Agreement described in greater detail below. These constraints have led to a curtailment
of production at Orcutt, resulting in a decrease of 6,637 Bbls or (12%) for Orcutt in January 2025, as compared to December 2022,
the last full month of production prior to the termination of the Connection Agreement.

On December 20, 2024, PCEC announced its
plans to terminate oil and gas production at the West Pico Unit. To begin the termination process, PCEC indicates that in 2025 it will
apply for a modification of its conditional use permit (CUP) to temporarily install diesel rigs that will safely and efficiently
plug and abandon oil wells on the site, with mandatory termination of all oil and gas operations five years from approval of the CUP modification.
Termination of production at the West Pico Unit, when it occurs, will reduce revenues under the Net Profits Interests, while the expected
termination could adversely affect the amount of proceeds that may be received by the Trust from the sale of the Net Profits Interests.

Cancellation of Connection Agreement with Phillips
66

As previously disclosed, PCEC has informed the
Trustee that on September 22, 2022, PCEC received notice from Phillips 66 of the cancellation of the Connection Agreement between
PCEC and Phillips 66 with respect to the three leases located south of Orcutt in Santa Barbara, California, effective upon completion
of PCECs deliveries in December 2022. As a result of the cancellation, and the subsequent shutdown of the Santa Maria Refinery
on January 4, 2023, PCEC no longer has a pipeline interconnection between the Orcutt properties and the Santa Maria Refinery. This
pipeline was the sole means by which PCEC transported its crude oil from the Orcutt properties, which relates to approximately 86% and
91% of the production attributable to the Trusts interests in 2021 and 2022, respectively.

The shutdown of the refinery and the pipeline
will adversely affect PCECs financial performance, and the revenues that may be payable to the Trust. PCEC previously informed
the Trustee that it was able to secure a short-term contract to transport oil from the Orcutt properties commencing on January 4,
2023, albeit at reduced volumes and with a higher differential compared to the terms previously achievable through the Phillips 66 Connection
Agreement. PCEC previously confirmed to the Trustee that the short-term contract remains in effect on a month-to-month basis; however,
PCEC has learned that the contract will be terminated at the end of June 2025 and the refinery that currently takes the oil produced
from the Orcutt properties will be closed by the end of October 2025. This shutdown will adversely affect PCECs ability to
transport oil from the Orcutt properties, as well as the revenues that may be payable to the Trust. PCEC has informed the Trustee that,
as an interim measure, it has optimized its operations to more efficiently process and export its production by creating synergies between
PCEC and certain of its affiliates to transport the oil from the Orcutt properties. PCEC will incur additional expenses for this transportation
cost and will deduct from gross profits the portion of those expenses attributable to the Trusts interests in accordance with the
terms of the Conveyance. PCEC has indicated to the Trustee that it is exploring alternative options for the transportation of oil from
the Orcutt properties.

Overview of Trust Structure

Pacific Coast Oil Trust is a Delaware statutory
trust formed by PCEC to own interests in certain oil and gas properties in the Santa Maria Basin and the Los Angeles Basin in California
(the Underlying Properties). The Underlying Properties and the Trusts net profits and royalty interests are described
in the Trusts filings with the SEC. As described in the Trusts filings with the SEC, the amount of any periodic distributions
is expected to fluctuate, depending on the proceeds received by the Trust as a result of actual production volumes, oil and gas prices,
development expenses, and the amount and timing of the Trusts administrative expenses, among other factors. For additional information
on the Trust, please visit https://royt.q4web.com/home/default.aspx.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Information

This press release contains statements that are
"forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All
statements contained in this press release, other than statements of historical facts, are "forward-looking statements" for
the purposes of these provisions. These forward-looking statements include estimates of future asset retirement obligations, expectations
regarding the impact of deductions for such obligations on future distributions to unitholders, estimates of future total distributions
to unitholders, the outcome of the proceedings relating to the appointment of a successor trustee, uncertainties regarding transportation
of oil from the Orcutt properties and the impact of an inability to transport such oil on future payments to the Trust, expectations regarding
PCECs ability to loan funds to the Trust, expectations regarding future borrowing by the Trust and the impact such borrowing may
have on any net proceeds available for distribution following a sale of the Trusts assets, future legal fees that may be deducted
under the monthly net profits interest calculation, expectations regarding the filing of the Trusts comprehensive annual report
on Form 10-K, statements regarding the expected winding down of the Trust, expectations regarding any proceeds that the Trust may
receive from a sale of the Trusts assets, and the amount and date of any anticipated distribution to unitholders. In any case,
PCECs deductions of its estimated asset retirement obligations will have a material adverse effect on distributions to the unitholders
and on the trading price of the Trust units and may result in the termination of the Trust. Any anticipated distribution is based,
in part, on the amount of cash received or expected to be received by the Trust from PCEC with respect to the relevant period. Any differences
in actual cash receipts by the Trust could affect this distributable amount. The amount of such cash received or expected to be received
by the Trust (and its ability to pay distributions) has been and will be significantly and negatively affected by low commodity prices,
which declined significantly during 2020, could decline again and could remain low for an extended period of time as a result of a variety
of factors that are beyond the control of the Trust and PCEC. Other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
include expenses related to the operation of the Underlying Properties, including lease operating expenses, expenses of the Trust, and
reserves for anticipated future expenses. Statements made in this press release are qualified by the cautionary statements made in this
press release. Neither PCEC nor the Trustee intends, and neither assumes any obligation, to update any of the statements included in this
press release. An investment in units issued by Pacific Coast Oil Trust is subject to the risks described in the Trust's Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, filed with the SEC on March 8, 2019, and if applicable, the Trusts
subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. The Trust's Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q are
available over the Internet at the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov.

Contact:

Pacific Coast Oil Trust

The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company,
N.A., as Trustee

Sarah Newell

1 (512) 236-6555

601 Travis Street, 16th Floor,
Houston, TX 77002
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>