<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-003905.txt : 20250411
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-003905.hdr.sgml : 20250411
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250411173030
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-003905
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250410
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250411
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250411

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Red Cat Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000748268
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				880490034
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40202
		FILM NUMBER:		25833743

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		ADDRESS IS A NON US LOCATION: 	YES
		STREET 1:		15 AVE. MUNOZ RIVERA
		STREET 2:		STE 2200
		CITY:			SAN JUAN
		PROVINCE COUNTRY:   	PR
		BUSINESS PHONE:		833-373-3228

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		ADDRESS IS A NON US LOCATION: 	YES
		STREET 1:		15 AVE. MUNOZ RIVERA
		STREET 2:		STE 2200
		CITY:			SAN JUAN
		PROVINCE COUNTRY:   	PR

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TimefireVR Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EnergyTEK Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140723

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BROADLEAF CAPITAL PARTNERS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040928
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000074826800007482682025-04-102025-04-10iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

Washington, D.C.
20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April
10, 2025

Red Cat Holdings,
Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-40202 88-0490034

(State or other

jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

15 Ave. Munoz RiveraSte 2200

San Juan, PR

(Address of principal executive offices) 

00901

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area
code: (833)373-3228

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last
report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.001 RCAT The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into
a Material Definitive Agreement.

On April 10, 2025, Red Cat
Holdings, Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with a
certain institutional investors (the Purchasers) pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a registered
direct offering (the Registered Direct Offering), an aggregate of 4,724,412 shares (the Shares) of the Companys
common stock (the Common Stock) at a price of $6.35 per share. The gross proceeds to the Company from the Registered Direct
Offering are expected to be approximately $30 million, before deducting the placement agents fees and other offering expenses payable
by the Company.

The Registered Direct
Offering is expected to close on April 11, 2025 (the Closing Date). The Company intends to use the net proceeds from
the Registered Direct Offering for general corporate purposes, including for working capital.

The Purchase Agreement contains
representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations of the Company,
including for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, other obligations of the parties and termination provisions. The representations,
warranties and covenants contained in the Purchase Agreement were made only for the purposes of such agreements and as of the specific
dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreements and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting
parties.

Pursuant to the terms of
the Purchase Agreement and subject to certain exceptions as set forth in the Purchase Agreement, from the date of the Purchase Agreement
until thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall issue, enter into any agreement to issue or
announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. In addition, until thirty (30) days
from the Closing Date, the Company is prohibited from entering into a Variable Rate Transaction (as defined in the Purchase Agreement),
subject to certain limited exceptions.

Each
of our executive officers and directors have agreed, subject to certain exceptions, not to dispose of or hedge any shares of Common Stock
or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock during the period from the date of the lock-up agreement continuing
through the thirty (30) days after the Closing Date.

In connection with
the Registered Direct Offering, the Company entered into a placement agency agreement (the Placement Agency Agreement) with
Northland Securities, Inc. (the Placement Agent), pursuant to which the Placement Agent agreed to serve as the exclusive
placement agent for the Company. The Company agreed to pay the Placement Agent an aggregate cash fee equal to 6.0% of the gross proceeds
received in the Registered Direct Offering.

The Shares are being sold
pursuant to the Companys effective registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration Statement No. 333-283242) that was declared
effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on December 11, 2024 and a related base prospectus and prospectus supplement
(the Prospectus Supplement) thereunder.

The foregoing descriptions
of the Purchase Agreement and the Placement Agency Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by the
full text of the form of Purchase Agreement and the Placement Agency Agreement, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1 and
1.1, respectively, and are incorporated by reference herein.

This Current Report on Form
8-K does not constitute an offer to sell any securities or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale
of any securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or
qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

The legal opinion and consent
of Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP relating to the validity of the Shares issued in the Registered Direct Offering is filed
herewith as Exhibit 5.1.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On April 10, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing
of the Registered Direct Offering. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 8-K.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

1.1 Placement Agency Agreement dated April 10, 2025 between Northland Securities, inc. and Red Cat Holdings, Inc.

5.1 Opinion of Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement

99.1 Press release dated April 10, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

-2- 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

RED CAT HOLDINGS, INC.

Dated: April 11, 2025 By: /s/ Jeffrey Thompson

Name: Jeffrey Thompson

Title: Chief Executive Officer

-3-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex1-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

Execution Version

PLACEMENT AGENCY AGREEMENT

April 10, 2025

NORTHLAND SECURITIES, INC.

150 South Fifth Street, Suite 3300

Minneapolis, MN 55402

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Introduction. Subject to
the terms and conditions herein (this Agreement), Red Cat Holdings, Inc. a Nevada corporation (the Company),
hereby agrees to sell up to an aggregate of approximately $30 million of registered securities of the Company, including, but not limited
to, 4,724,412 shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Common
Stock) directly to various investors (each, an Investor and, collectively, the Investors)
through Northland Securities, Inc. (the Placement Agent) as placement agent. The documents executed and delivered
by the Company and the Investors in connection with the Offering (as defined below), including, without limitation, a securities purchase
agreement (the Purchase Agreement), shall be collectively referred to herein as the Transaction Documents.
The purchase price to the Investors for each Share is $6.35. The Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents
or selected dealers on its behalf in connection with the Offering.

The Company hereby confirms its
agreement with the Placement Agent as follows:

Section 1. Agreement to Act as
Placement Agent.

(a) On the basis of
the representations, warranties and agreements of the Company herein contained, and subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
the Placement Agent shall be the exclusive placement agent in connection with the offering and sale by the Company of the Shares pursuant
to the Companys registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-283242) (the Registration Statement), with
the terms of such offering (the Offering) to be subject to market conditions and negotiations between the Company,
the Placement Agent and the prospective Investors. The Placement Agent will act on a reasonable best efforts basis and the Company agrees
and acknowledges that there is no guarantee of the successful placement of the Shares, or any portion thereof, in the prospective Offering.
Under no circumstances will the Placement Agent or any of its Affiliates (as defined below) be obligated to underwrite or
purchase any of the Shares for its own account or otherwise provide any financing. The Placement Agent shall act solely as the Companys
agent and not as principal. The Placement Agent shall have no authority to bind the Company with respect to any prospective offer to purchase
Shares and the Company shall have the sole right to accept offers to purchase Shares and may reject any such offer, in whole or in part.
Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of, the Shares shall be made at one or more
closings (each a Closing and the date on which each Closing occurs, a Closing Date). As compensation
for services rendered, on each Closing Date, the Company shall pay to the Placement Agent the fees and expenses set forth below:

(i) A cash fee equal to
6% of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Shares at the closing of the Offering (the Closing)
to any Investor in the Offering.

1 

(ii) The Company also
agrees to reimburse Placement Agents reasonable out-of-pocket accountable expenses incurred in connection with the Offering, including
the expenses of the Placement Agents counsel (with supporting invoices/receipts), in an amount up to $100,000, payable immediately
upon the Closing of the Offering.

(b) The term of the
Placement Agents exclusive engagement will be until the Closing; provided, however, that a party hereto may terminate
the engagement with respect to itself at any time upon 10 days written notice to the other parties. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, the provisions concerning confidentiality, indemnification and contribution contained herein and the Companys
obligations contained in the indemnification provisions will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement, and the Companys
obligation to pay fees actually earned and payable and to reimburse expenses actually incurred and reimbursable pursuant to Section 1
hereof and which are permitted to be reimbursed under FINRA Rule 5110(g), will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.
Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to limit the ability of the Placement Agent or its Affiliates to pursue, investigate, analyze,
invest in, or engage in investment banking, financial advisory or any other business relationship with Persons (as defined below) other
than the Company. As used herein (i) Persons means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated
association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other
entity of any kind and (ii) Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

Section 2. Representations, Warranties
and Covenants of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports (as hereafter defined), the Company hereby represents, warrants
and covenants to the Placement Agent as of the date hereof, and as of each Closing Date, as follows:

(a) Securities Law
Filings. The Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) the Registration
Statement under the Securities Act, which was filed on November 14, 2024 and declared effective on December 11, 2024 for the registration
of the Shares under the Securities Act. Following the determination of pricing among the Company and the prospective Investors introduced
to the Company by Placement Agent, the Company will file with the Commission pursuant to Rules 430A and 424(b) under the Securities Act,
and the rules and regulations (the Rules and Regulations) of the Commission promulgated thereunder, a final prospectus
supplement relating to the placement of the Shares, their respective pricings and the plan of distribution thereof and will advise the
Placement Agent of all further information (financial and other) with respect to the Company required to be set forth therein. Such registration
statement, at any given time, including the exhibits thereto filed at such time, as amended at such time, is hereinafter called the Registration
Statement; such prospectus in the form in which it appears in the Registration Statement at the time of effectiveness, together
with any preliminary prospectus supplement relating to the Offering, is hereinafter called the Base Prospectus; and
the final prospectus supplement, in the form in which it will be filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) (including the Base
Prospectus as it may be amended or supplemented) is hereinafter called the Final Prospectus. The Registration Statement
at the time it originally became effective is hereinafter called the Original Registration Statement. Any reference
in this Agreement to the Registration Statement, the Original Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Final Prospectus shall
be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein (the Incorporated Documents), if
any, which were or are filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), at any given
time, as the case may be; and any reference in this Agreement to the terms amend, amendment or supplement
with respect to the Registration Statement, the Original Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Final Prospectus shall be
deemed to refer to and include the filing of any document under the Exchange Act after the date of this Agreement, or the issue date of
the Base Prospectus or the Final Prospectus, as the case may be, deemed to be incorporated therein by reference. All references in this
Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is contained, included, described,
referenced, set forth or stated in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Final
Prospectus (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and
other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Final
Prospectus, as the case may be. As used in this paragraph and elsewhere in this Agreement, Time of Sale Disclosure Package
means the Base Prospectus, any preliminary prospectus supplement, and any subscription agreement between the Company and the Investors.
The term any Prospectus shall mean, as the context requires, the Base Prospectus, the Final Prospectus, and any supplement
to either thereof. The Company has not received any notice that the Commission has issued or intends to issue a stop order suspending
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of the Base Prospectus or any prospectus supplement or intends to commence
a proceeding for any such purpose.

2 

(b) Assurances.
The Original Registration Statement, as amended, (and any further documents to be filed with the Commission) contains all exhibits and
schedules as required by the Securities Act. Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time
it became effective, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations and did not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading. The Base Prospectus, and the Final Prospectus, each as of its respective date, comply or will comply in all material
respects with the Securities Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations. Each of the Base Prospectus and the Final Prospectus, as amended
or supplemented, did not and will not contain as of the date thereof any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
Incorporated Documents, when they were filed with the Commission, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange
Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations promulgated thereunder, and none of such documents, when they were filed with the Commission,
contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein (with respect
to Incorporated Documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus or Final Prospectus), in light of the circumstances under which
they were made not misleading. No post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement reflecting any facts or events arising after
the date thereof which represent, individually or in the aggregate, a fundamental change in the information set forth therein is required
to be filed with the Commission. Except for this Agreement, there are no documents required to be filed with the Commission in connection
with the transaction contemplated hereby that (x) have not been filed as required pursuant to the Securities Act or (y) will not be filed
within the requisite time period. Except for this Agreement, there are no contracts or other documents required to be described in the
Base Prospectus or Final Prospectus, or to be filed as exhibits or schedules to the Registration Statement, which have not been described
or filed as required.

(c) Offering Materials.
Neither the Company nor any of its directors and officers has distributed and none of them will distribute, prior to each Closing Date,
any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Shares other than the Time of Sale Disclosure Package.

3 

(d) Subsidiaries.
All of the subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Exhibit 21.1 of the Companys Transition Report on Form 10-KT for the eight
month transition period ended December 31, 2024. The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests
of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly
issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company
has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(e) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to
own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted, except where the failure to be in good standing
could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default
of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents.
Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other
entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary,
except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, would not have or reasonably be expected to result
in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect
on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken
as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its
obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect) and no action,
claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition),
whether commenced or threatened (a Proceeding) has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or
curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(f) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other
than in connection with the Required Approvals (as defined below). This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a
party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof
and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms,
except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws
of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability
of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions
may be limited by applicable law.

4 

(g) No Conflicts.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the
issuance and sale of the Shares and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (i)
conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws
or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of
time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right
of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction (a Lien) upon any of the properties or assets of the Company
or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation
(with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or
Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset
of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation
of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which
the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset
of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as would not have or reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(h) Filings, Consents
and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any
filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with
the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filing with the Commission of
the Final Prospectus, (ii) application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the listing of the Shares for trading thereon in the time
and manner required thereby, and (iii) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws. A Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock
Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

(i) Issuance of the
Shares; Registration. The Shares are duly authorized and when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents,
will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has prepared and
filed the Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which became effective on December 11, 2024,
including the Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required to the date of this Agreement. The Registration
Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement
or suspending or preventing the use of the Prospectus has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for that purpose have been
instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. The Company, if required by the rules and regulations
of the Commission, shall file the Final Prospectus with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) and within the time frame required thereby.
At the time the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of this Agreement and at the Closings,
the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities
Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, at the
time the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closings, conformed and will conform in all material
respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. The Company was at the time of the filing of the Registration Statement eligible to use Form S-3. The Company is eligible
to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act and it meets the transaction requirements as set forth in General Instruction I.B.1 of Form S-3.

5 

(j) Capitalization.
The Company has an authorized and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the SEC Reports. The Company has not issued any capital
stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee
stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys
employee stock purchase plans, pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the
most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation,
or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase
and sale of the Shares and as set forth in the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to,
calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or
exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary,
or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional
shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Shares will not obligate
the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Investors). There are
no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange
or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding
securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts,
commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the
Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements
or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares
was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization
of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Shares. There are no stockholders agreements,
voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to
the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(k) SEC Reports;
Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by
the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding
the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials,
including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus, being collectively referred
to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has
filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all
material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed,
contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements
of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations
of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP),
except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements
may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and
its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended,
subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

6 

(l) Material Changes;
Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC
Reports, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued
expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in
the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not
altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to
its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company
has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans. The
Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of
the Shares contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or
is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties,
operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the
time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one Trading Day prior to the date that this
representation is made.

(m) Litigation.
There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened
against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental
or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action)
which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Shares or
(ii) would, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation
of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge
of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or to the Companys
knowledge any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending
the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

7 

(n) Labor Relations.
No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company, which would
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees is a member
of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships
with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected
to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement
or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued
employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any
of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and
regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the
failure to be in compliance would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(o) Compliance.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, to its respective knowledge: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred
that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under),
nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture,
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound
(whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator
or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational
health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as would not have or reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(p) Environmental
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution
or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata),
including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or
hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to
the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as
all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits,
plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have received
all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and
(iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii),
the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(q) Regulatory Permits.
The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, local
or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, including the Department
of Transportation and the Federal Aviation Administration, except where the failure to possess such permits would not reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received
any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit.

8 

(r) Title to Assets.
The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good and marketable
title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and
clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the
use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state
or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither delinquent
nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under
valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance, except where the failure to so
comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(s) Intellectual
Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications,
service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights
necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to
so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired,
terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two years from the date of this Agreement,
except where such expiration, termination or abandonment would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements
included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate
or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as would not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To
the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person
of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy,
confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(t) Open Source Software.
(i) To the best of the Companys knowledge, the Company uses and has used any and all software and other materials distributed under
a free, open source, or similar licensing model (including but not limited to the MIT License, Apache License,
GNU General Public License, GNU Lesser General Public License and GNU Affero General Public License) (Open Source Software)
in compliance with all license terms applicable to such Open Source Software; and (ii) the Company has not used or distributed and does
not use or distribute any Open Source Software in any manner that requires or has required (A) the Company to permit reverse engineering
of any software code or other technology owned by the Company or (B) any software code or other technology owned by the Company to be
(1) disclosed or distributed in source code form, (2) licensed for the purpose of making derivative works or (3) redistributed at no charge.

(u) Data Security.
(i) To the best of the Companys knowledge, the Company has complied and is presently in compliance with all internal and external
privacy policies, contractual obligations, applicable laws, statutes, judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator
or other governmental or regulatory authority and any other legal obligations, in each case, relating to the collection, use, transfer,
import, export, storage, protection, disposal and disclosure by the Company of personal, personally identifiable, household, sensitive,
confidential or regulated data (Data Security Obligations, and such data, Data); (ii) the Company has not
received any notification of or complaint regarding and is unaware of any other facts that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably
indicate non-compliance with any Data Security Obligation; and (iii) there is no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or
governmental agency, authority or body pending or threatened alleging non-compliance with any Data Security Obligation nor are there any
incidents under internal review or investigations relating to the same.

9 

(v) Data Protection;
No Breaches. To the best of the Companys knowledge, the Companys information technology assets and equipment, computers,
systems, networks, hardware, software, websites, applications, and databases are adequate for, and operate and perform in all material
respects as required in connection with, the operation of the business of the Company as currently conducted, free and clear of all material
bugs, errors, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other corruptants. The Company has taken commercially reasonable efforts
to protect the information technology systems and Data used in connection with the operation of the Companys business. Without
limiting the foregoing, the Company has used reasonable efforts to establish and maintain reasonable information technology, information
security, cyber security and data protection controls, policies and procedures, including oversight, access controls, encryption, technological
and physical safeguards and business continuity/disaster recovery and security plans that are designed to protect against and prevent
breach, destruction, loss, unauthorized distribution, use, access, disablement, misappropriation or modification, or other compromise
or misuse of or relating to any information technology system or Data used in connection with the operation of the Companys business
(Breach). There has been no such Breach, and the Company has not been notified of and has no knowledge of any event or condition
that would reasonably be expected to result in, any such Breach.

(w) Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such
amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited
to, directors and officers insurance coverage. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able
to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may
be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(x) Transactions
With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports and the sale of Shares hereunder, none of the officers or directors
of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently
a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including
any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal
property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer,
director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment
of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other
employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

10 

(y) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, as amended that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the
Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries
maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements
general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable
intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such
disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules
and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company
and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date,
the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the
conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as
of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such
term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(z) Certain Fees.
Except for fees payable by the Company to the Placement Agent, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable
by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other
Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(aa) Investment Company.
The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Shares, will not be or be an Affiliate
of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct
its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended.

(bb) Registration
Rights. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration
under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(cc) Listing and
Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken
no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under
the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration. The
Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has
been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading
Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all
such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust
Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

11 

(dd) Application
of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state
of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Investors as a result of the Investors and the Company fulfilling their obligations
or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of
the Shares and the Investors ownership of the Shares.

(ee) Solvency.
Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the date hereof, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company
of the proceeds from the sale of the Shares hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount that
will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent liabilities)
as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as now conducted
and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the business conducted
by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of the
Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated
uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid.
The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts
of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe
that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one year from
the Closing Date.

(ff) Tax Status.
Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and
franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other
governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations
and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the
periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the
taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

(gg) Foreign Corrupt
Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other person
acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment
or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government
officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully
any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which
is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(hh) Accountants.
The Companys accounting firm is dbbmckennon. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm is a registered public
accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act.

12 

(ii) Regulation M
Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action
designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale
or resale of any of the Shares, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Shares,
or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company,
other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in connection with the placement of the Shares.

(jj) Cybersecurity.
(i)(x) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys information
technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers,
vendors and to the Companys knowledge any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively,
IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of
any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data;
(ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules
and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating
to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation
or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries
have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the
integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented
backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

(kk) Stock Option
Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance with the
terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock
on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Companys
stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice
to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public
announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(ll) Office of Foreign
Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee
or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Government, including,
without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State and including,
without limitation, the designation as a specially designated national or blocked person (Sanctions).
Since April 24, 2019, the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have knowingly engaged in or are now knowingly engaged in any dealings or
transactions with any person that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject or the target of Sanctions or with any
Sanctioned Country.

(mm) U.S. Real Property
Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section
897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

13 

(nn) Bank Holding
Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as
amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent
(5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity of a bank
or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or
Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to
regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(oo) Money Laundering.
The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping
and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes
and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), and no Action or Proceeding
by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect
to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(pp) Certificates.
Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Placement Agent or to counsel for the Placement Agent
shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company to the Placement Agent as to the matters set forth therein.

(qq) Reliance.
The Company acknowledges that the Placement Agent will rely upon the accuracy and truthfulness of the foregoing representations and
warranties and hereby consents to such reliance. The Company hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Placement Agent that
the Placement Agent may rely on all of the representations, warranties and covenants made to the Investors in the Purchase Agreement and
any certificates provided to the Investors pursuant thereto. 

(rr) Forward-Looking
Statements. No forward-looking statements (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange
Act) contained in the Time of Sale Disclosure Package has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other
than in good faith.

(ss) Statistical
or Market-Related Data. Any statistical, industry-related and market-related data included or incorporated by reference in the Time
of Sale Disclosure Package, are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes to be reliable
and accurate, and such data agree with the sources from which they are derived.

(tt) FINRA Exemption.
To enable the Placement Agent to rely upon Rule 5110(h)(1)(C) of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA),
the Company represents that it is an experienced issuer as defined in FINRA Rule 5110(j)(6).

(uu) FINRA Affiliations.
There are no affiliations with any FINRA member firm that is participating in the Offering among the Companys officers, directors
or, to the knowledge of the Company, any 5% or greater stockholder of the Company.

14 

Section 3. Delivery and Payment.
Each Closing shall occur at the offices of the Company, 15 Ave. Munoz Rivera, Suite 2200, San Jan,
Puerto Rico 00901 (or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Placement Agent and the Company). Subject to the terms
and conditions hereof, at each Closing payment of the purchase price for the Shares sold on such Closing Date shall be made by Federal
Funds wire transfer, against delivery of such Shares, and such Shares shall be registered in such name or names and shall be in such denominations,
as the Placement Agent may request at least one business day before the time of purchase (as defined below).

Deliveries of the documents with
respect to the purchase of the Shares, if any, shall be made at the offices of the Company. All actions taken at a Closing shall be deemed
to have occurred simultaneously.

Section 4. Covenants and Agreements
of the Company. The Company further covenants and agrees with the Placement Agent as follows:

(a) Registration
Statement Matters. The Company will advise the Placement Agent promptly after it receives notice thereof of the time when any amendment
to the Registration Statement has been filed or becomes effective or any supplement to the Base Prospectus or the Final Prospectus has
been filed and will furnish the Placement Agent with copies thereof. The Company will file promptly all reports and any definitive proxy
or information statements required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section 13(a), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act subsequent to the date of any Prospectus and for so long as the delivery of a prospectus is required in connection with the Offering.
The Company will advise the Placement Agent, promptly after it receives notice thereof (i) of any request by the Commission to amend the
Registration Statement or to amend or supplement any Prospectus or for additional information, and (ii) of the issuance by the Commission
of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or any order directed
at any Incorporated Document, if any, or any amendment or supplement thereto or any order preventing or suspending the use of the Base
Prospectus or the Final Prospectus or any prospectus supplement or any amendment or supplement thereto or any post-effective amendment
to the Registration Statement, of the suspension of the qualification of the Shares for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, of the institution
or threatened institution of any proceeding for any such purpose, or of any request by the Commission for the amending or supplementing
of the Registration Statement or a Prospectus or for additional information. The Company shall use its best efforts to prevent the issuance
of any such stop order or prevention or suspension of such use. If the Commission shall enter any such stop order or order or notice
of prevention or suspension at any time, the Company will use its best efforts to obtain the lifting of such order at the earliest possible
moment, or will file a new registration statement and use its best efforts to have such new registration statement declared effective
as soon as practicable. Additionally, the Company agrees that it shall comply with the provisions of Rules 424(b), 430A, 430B
and 430C, as applicable, under the Securities Act, including with respect to the timely filing of documents thereunder, and will use its
reasonable efforts to confirm that any filings made by the Company under such Rule 424(b) are received in a timely manner by
the Commission.

(b) Blue Sky Compliance.
The Company will cooperate with the Placement Agent and the Investors in endeavoring to qualify the Shares for sale under the securities
laws of such jurisdictions (United States and foreign) as the Placement Agent and the Investors may reasonably request and will make such
applications, file such documents, and furnish such information as may be reasonably required for that purpose, provided the Company shall
not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to file a general consent to service of process in any jurisdiction where it is
not now so qualified or required to file such a consent, and provided further that the Company shall not be required to produce any new
disclosure document. The Company will, from time to time, prepare and file such statements, reports and other documents as are or may
be required to continue such qualifications in effect for so long a period as the Placement Agent may reasonably request for distribution
of the Shares. The Company will advise the Placement Agent promptly of the suspension of the qualification or registration of (or any
such exemption relating to) the Shares for offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or any initiation or threat of any proceeding
for any such purpose, and in the event of the issuance of any order suspending such qualification, registration or exemption, the Company
shall use its best efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof at the earliest possible moment.

15 

(c) Amendments and
Supplements to a Prospectus and Other Matters. The Company will comply with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and the rules
and regulations of the Commission thereunder, so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Shares as contemplated in this
Agreement, the Incorporated Documents and any Prospectus. If during the period in which a prospectus is required by law to be delivered
in connection with the distribution of Shares contemplated by the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus (the Prospectus Delivery
Period), any event shall occur as a result of which, in the judgment of the Company or in the opinion of the Placement Agent
or counsel for the Placement Agent, it becomes necessary to amend or supplement the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus in order
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, as the case may be, not misleading, or if
it is necessary at any time to amend or supplement the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus or to file under the Exchange Act any
Incorporated Document to comply with any law, the Company will promptly prepare and file with the Commission, and furnish at its own expense
to the Placement Agent and to dealers, an appropriate amendment to the Registration Statement or supplement to the Registration Statement,
the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus that is necessary in order to make the statements in the Incorporated Documents and any Prospectus
as so amended or supplemented, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, as the case may be, not misleading, or so
that the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus, as so amended or supplemented, will comply with law. Before
amending the Registration Statement or supplementing the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus in connection with the Offering, the
Company will furnish the Placement Agent with a copy of such proposed amendment or supplement and will not file any such amendment or
supplement to which the Placement Agent reasonably objects.

(d) Copies of any
Amendments and Supplements to a Prospectus. The Company will furnish the Placement Agent, without charge, during the period beginning
on the date hereof and ending on the later of the last Closing Date of the Offering, as many copies of any Prospectus or prospectus supplement
and any amendments and supplements thereto, as the Placement Agent may reasonably request.

(e) Transfer Agent.
The Company will maintain, at its expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the Common Stock.

(f) Earnings Statement.
As soon as practicable and in accordance with applicable requirements under the Securities Act, but in any event not later than 18 months
after the last Closing Date, the Company will make generally available to its security holders and to the Placement Agent an earnings
statement, covering a period of at least 12 consecutive months beginning after the last Closing Date, that satisfies the provisions of
Section 11(a) and Rule 158 under the Securities Act, the filing of such earnings statement via the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis,
and Retrieval system shall satisfy the Companys obligations under this Section 4(f).

(g) Periodic Reporting
Obligations. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will duly file, on a timely basis, with the Commission and the Trading
Market all reports and documents required to be filed under the Exchange Act within the time periods and in the manner required by the
Exchange Act.

16 

(h) Additional Documents.
The Company will enter into any subscription, purchase or other customary agreements as the Placement Agent or the Investors deem necessary
or appropriate to consummate the Offering, all of which will be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent and
the Investors. The Company agrees that the Placement Agent may rely upon, and each is a third party beneficiary of, the representations
and warranties, and applicable covenants, set forth in any such purchase, subscription or other agreement with Investors in the Offering.

(i) No Manipulation
of Price. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or result in, or that has constituted
or might reasonably be expected to constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities of the Company.

(j) Acknowledgment.
The Company acknowledges that any advice given by the Placement Agent to the Company is solely for the benefit and use of the Board of
Directors of the Company and may not be used, reproduced, disseminated, quoted or referred to, without the Placement Agents prior
written consent.

(k) Announcement
of Offering. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agent and its counsel may, subsequent to the Closing, make public
its involvement with the Offering.

(l) Reliance on Others.
The Company confirms that it will rely on its own counsel and accountants for legal, tax and accounting advice.

(m) Research Matters.
By entering into this Agreement, the Placement Agent does not provide any promise, either explicitly or implicitly, of favorable or continued
research coverage of the Company and the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agents selection as a placement
agent for the Offering was in no way conditioned, explicitly or implicitly, on the Placement Agent providing favorable or any research
coverage of the Company. In accordance with FINRA Rule 2711(e), the parties acknowledge and agree that the Placement Agent has not directly
or indirectly offered favorable research, a specific rating or a specific price target, or threatened to change research, a rating or
a price target, to the Company or inducement for the receipt of business or compensation.

Section 5. Conditions of the
Obligations of the Placement Agent. The obligations of the Placement Agent hereunder shall be subject to the accuracy of the representations
and warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section 2 hereof, in each case as of the date hereof and as of each Closing Date
as though then made, to the timely performance by each of the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder on and as of such
dates, and to each of the following additional conditions:

(a) Accountants
Comfort Letter. On the Closing Date (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), the Placement Agent shall have received, and the Company
shall have caused to be delivered to the Placement Agent, a letter from dbbmckennon (the independent registered public accounting firm
of the Company), addressed to the Placement Agent, dated as of the Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Placement Agent.
The letter shall not disclose any change in the condition (financial or other), earnings, operations, business or prospects of the Company
from that set forth in the Incorporated Documents or the applicable Prospectus or prospectus supplement, which, in the Placement Agents
sole judgment, is material and adverse and that makes it, in the Placement Agents sole judgment, impracticable or inadvisable to
proceed with the Offering of the Shares as contemplated by such Prospectus.

17 

(b) Compliance with
Registration Requirements; No Stop Order; No Objection from the FINRA. Each Prospectus (in accordance with Rule 424(b)) shall have
been duly filed with the Commission, as appropriate; no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any part
thereof shall have been issued and no proceeding for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; no order
preventing or suspending the use of any Prospectus shall have been issued and no proceeding for that purpose shall have been initiated
or threatened by the Commission; no order having the effect of ceasing or suspending the distribution of the Shares or any other securities
of the Company shall have been issued by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange and no proceedings
for that purpose shall have been instituted or shall be pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, contemplated by any securities commission,
securities regulatory authority or stock exchange; all requests for additional information on the part of the Commission shall have been
complied with; and the FINRA shall have raised no objection to the fairness and reasonableness of the placement terms and arrangements.

(c) Corporate Proceedings.
All corporate proceedings and other legal matters in connection with this Agreement, the Registration Statement and each Prospectus, and
the registration, sale and delivery of the Shares, shall have been completed or resolved in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Placement
Agents counsel, and such counsel shall have been furnished with such papers and information as it may reasonably have requested
to enable such counsel to pass upon the matters referred to in this Section 5.

(d) No Material Adverse
Change. Subsequent to the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date, in the Placement Agents sole
judgment after consultation with the Company, there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Effect or any material adverse change
or development involving a prospective material adverse change in the condition or the business activities, financial or otherwise, of
the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement and Prospectus (Material
Adverse Change).

(e) Opinion of Counsel
for the Company. The Placement Agent shall have received on the Closing Date the favorable opinion of US legal counsel to the Company,
dated as of such Closing Date, including, without limitation, a negative assurance letter addressed to the Placement Agent and in form
and substance satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

(f) Officers
Certificate. The Placement Agent shall have received on the Closing Date a certificate of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date,
signed by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, to the effect that, and the Placement Agent shall be
satisfied that, the signers of such certificate have reviewed the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents, any prospectus supplement,
and this Agreement and to the further effect that:

(i) The representations
and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct, as if made on and as of such Closing Date, and the Company has complied
with all the agreements and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to such Closing Date;

18 

(ii) No stop order suspending
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of any Prospectus has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have
been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened under the Securities Act; no order having the effect of
ceasing or suspending the distribution of the Shares or any other securities of the Company has been issued by any securities commission,
securities regulatory authority or stock exchange in the United States and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, contemplated by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange
in the United States;

(iii) When the Registration
Statement became effective, at the time of sale, and at all times subsequent thereto up to the delivery of such certificate, the Registration
Statement and the Incorporated Documents, if any, when such documents became effective or were filed with the Commission, and any Prospectus,
contained all material information required to be included therein by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Commission thereunder, as the case may be, and in all material respects conformed to the requirements of the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, as the case may be, and the Registration
Statement and the Incorporated Documents, if any, and any Prospectus, did not and do not include any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading (provided, however, that the preceding representations and warranties contained in this paragraph
(iii) shall not apply to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to
the Company by the Placement Agent expressly for use therein); and

(iv) Subsequent to the
respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents and any Prospectus, there
has not been: (a) any Material Adverse Change; (b) any transaction that is material to the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole,
except transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business; (c) any obligation, direct or contingent, that is material to the
Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, incurred by the Company or any Subsidiary, except obligations incurred in the ordinary
course of business; (d) any material change in the capital stock (except changes thereto resulting from the exercise of outstanding stock
options or warrants) or outstanding indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary; (e) any dividend or distribution of any kind declared,
paid or made on the capital stock of the Company; or (f) any loss or damage (whether or not insured) to the property of the Company or
any Subsidiary which has been sustained or will have been sustained which has a Material Adverse Effect.

(g) Stock Exchange
Listing. The Common Stock shall be registered under the Exchange Act and shall be listed on the Trading Market, and the Company shall
not have taken any action designed to terminate, or likely to have the effect of terminating, the registration of the Common Stock
under the Exchange Act or delisting or suspending from trading the Common Stock from the Trading Market, nor shall the Company have received
any information suggesting that the Commission or the Trading Market is contemplating terminating such registration or listing.

(h) Additional Documents.
On or before each Closing Date, the Placement Agent and counsel for the Placement Agent shall have received such information and documents
as they may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Shares as contemplated herein,
or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations and warranties, or the satisfaction of any of the conditions or agreements,
herein contained.

19 

If any condition specified in
this Section 5 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by the Placement Agent by notice
to the Company at any time on or prior to a Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability on the part of any party to any
other party, except that Section 6 (Payment of Expenses), Section 7 (Indemnification and Contribution) and Section 8 (Representations
and Indemnities to Survive Delivery) shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination.

Section 6. Payment of Expenses.
The Company agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder
and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation: (i) all expenses incident to the issuance,
delivery and qualification of the Shares (including all printing and engraving costs); (ii) all fees and expenses of the registrar and
transfer agent of the Common Stock; (iii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the issuance and sale
of the Shares; (iv) all fees and expenses of the Companys counsel, independent public or certified public accountants and
other advisors; (v) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping and distribution of
the Registration Statement (including financial statements, exhibits, schedules, consents and certificates of experts), the Base Prospectus,
the Final Prospectus and each prospectus supplement, and all amendments and supplements thereto, and this Agreement; (vi) all filing fees,
reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Company or the Placement Agent in connection with qualifying or registering
(or obtaining exemptions from the qualification or registration of) all or any part of the Shares for offer and sale under the state securities
or blue sky laws or the securities laws of any other country, and, if requested by the Placement Agent, preparing and printing a Blue
Sky Survey, an International Blue Sky Survey or other memorandum, and any supplements thereto, advising
the Placement Agent of such qualifications, registrations and exemptions (with any such fees of Placement Agent counsel incurred pursuant
to this Section 6(vi) being included in the up to $100,000 in fees that are reimbursable pursuant to Section 1(a)(ii)); (vii) if applicable,
the filing fees incident to the review and approval by the FINRA of the Placement Agents participation in the offering and distribution
of the Shares; (viii) the fees and expenses associated with listing the Shares on the Trading Market; (ix) all costs and expenses incident
to the travel and accommodation of the Companys and the Placement Agents employees on the roadshow,
if any; and (x) all other fees, costs and expenses referred to in Part II of the Registration Statement.

Section 7. Indemnification and
Contribution.

(a) The Company agrees
to indemnify and hold harmless the Placement Agent, its affiliates and each person controlling the Placement Agent (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act), and the directors, officers, agents and employees of the Placement Agent, its affiliates and each
such controlling person (the Placement Agent, and each such entity or person. an Indemnified Person) from and against
any losses, claims, damages, judgments, assessments, costs and other liabilities (collectively, the Liabilities),
and shall reimburse each Indemnified Person for all fees and expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of one counsel for all
Indemnified Persons, except as otherwise expressly provided herein) (collectively, the Expenses) as they are incurred
by an Indemnified Person in investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending any Actions, whether or not any Indemnified Person is a party
thereto, caused by, or arising out of or in connection with, any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained
in the Registration Statement, any Incorporated Document, or any Prospectus or by any omission or alleged omission to state therein a
material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (other
than untrue statements or alleged untrue statements in, or omissions or alleged omissions from, information relating to an Indemnified
Person furnished in writing by or on behalf of such Indemnified Person expressly for use in the Incorporated Documents) or (ii) otherwise
arising out of or in connection with advice or services rendered or to be rendered by any Indemnified Person pursuant to this Agreement,
the transactions contemplated thereby or any Indemnified Persons actions or inactions in connection with any such advice, services
or transactions; provided, however, that, in the case of clause (ii) only, the Company shall not be responsible for any Liabilities
or Expenses of any Indemnified Person that are finally judicially determined to have resulted solely from such Indemnified Persons
(x) gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct in connection with any of the advice, actions, inactions or services referred to
above or (y) use of any offering materials or information concerning the Company in connection with the offer or sale of the Shares in
the Offering which were not authorized for such use by the Company and which use constitutes gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct.
The Company also agrees to reimburse each Indemnified Person for all Expenses as they are incurred in connection with enforcing such Indemnified
Persons rights under this Agreement.

20 

(b) Upon receipt by
an Indemnified Person of actual notice of an Action against such Indemnified Person with respect to which indemnity may be sought under
this Agreement, such Indemnified Person shall promptly notify the Company in writing; provided that failure by any Indemnified Person
so to notify the Company shall not relieve the Company from any liability which the Company may have on account of this indemnity or
otherwise to such Indemnified Person, except to the extent the Company shall have been prejudiced by such failure. The Company shall,
if requested by the Placement Agent, assume the defense of any such Action including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory
to the Placement Agent, which counsel may also be counsel to the Company. Any Indemnified Person shall have the right to employ separate
counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense
of such Indemnified Person unless: (i) the Company has failed promptly to assume the defense and employ counsel or (ii) the named parties
to any such Action (including any impeded parties) include such Indemnified Person and the Company, and such Indemnified Person shall
have been advised in the reasonable opinion of counsel that there is an actual conflict of interest that prevents the counsel selected
by the Company from representing both the Company (or another client of such counsel) and any Indemnified Person; provided that the Company
shall not in such event be responsible hereunder for the fees and expenses of more than one firm of separate counsel for all Indemnified
Persons in connection with any Action or related Actions, in addition to any local counsel. The Company shall not be liable for any settlement
of any Action effected without its written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). In addition, the Company shall not, without
the prior written consent of the Placement Agent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), settle, compromise or consent to the entry
of any judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate any pending or threatened Action in respect of which indemnification or contribution
may be sought hereunder (whether or not such Indemnified Person is a party thereto) unless such settlement, compromise, consent or termination
includes an unconditional release of each Indemnified Person from all Liabilities arising out of such Action for which indemnification
or contribution may be sought hereunder. The indemnification required hereby shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof
during the course of the investigation or defense, as such expense, loss, damage or liability is incurred and is due and payable. 

(c) In the event that
the foregoing indemnity is unavailable to an Indemnified Person other than in accordance with this Agreement, the Company shall contribute
to the Liabilities and Expenses paid or payable by such Indemnified Person in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect (i) the relative
benefits to the Company, on the one hand, and to the Placement Agent and any other Indemnified Person, on the other hand, of the matters
contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by the immediately preceding clause is not permitted by applicable law,
not only such relative benefits but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Placement Agent and any other Indemnified
Person, on the other hand, in connection with the matters as to which such Liabilities or Expenses relate, as well as any other relevant
equitable considerations; provided that in no event shall the Company contribute less than the amount necessary to ensure that all Indemnified
Persons, in the aggregate, are not liable for any Liabilities and Expenses in excess of the amount of fees actually received by the Placement
Agent pursuant to this Agreement. For purposes of this paragraph, the relative benefits to the Company, on the one hand, and to the Placement
Agent on the other hand, of the matters contemplated by this Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as (a) the total value
paid or contemplated to be paid to or received or contemplated to be received by the Company in the transaction or transactions that are
within the scope of this Agreement, whether or not any such transaction is consummated, bears to (b) the fees paid to the Placement Agent
under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, no person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation within the meaning of Section 11(f)
of the Securities Act, as amended, shall be entitled to contribution from a party who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation.

(d) The Company also
agrees that no Indemnified Person shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise) to the Company
for or in connection with advice or services rendered or to be rendered by any Indemnified Person pursuant to this Agreement, the transactions
contemplated thereby or any Indemnified Persons actions or inactions in connection with any such advice, services or transactions
except for Liabilities (and related Expenses) of the Company that are finally judicially determined to have resulted solely from such
Indemnified Persons gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with any such advice, actions, inactions or services.

(e) The reimbursement,
indemnity and contribution obligations of the Company set forth herein shall apply to any modification of this Agreement and shall remain
in full force and effect regardless of any termination of, or the completion of any Indemnified Persons services under or in connection
with, this Agreement.

Section 8. Representations and
Indemnities to Survive Delivery. The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Company
or any person controlling the Company, of its officers, and of the Placement Agent set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will
remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Placement Agent, the Company, or any of its
or their partners, officers or directors or any controlling person, as the case may be, and will survive delivery of and payment for the
Shares sold hereunder and any termination of this Agreement. A successor to a Placement Agent, or to the Company, its directors or officers
or any person controlling the Company, shall be entitled to the benefits of the indemnity, contribution and reimbursement agreements contained
in this Agreement.

Section 9. Notices. All communications
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered or e-mailed and confirmed to the parties hereto as follows:

If to the Placement Agent to the address set forth
above, attention: Jeff Peterson, email: jeffpeterson@northlandcapitalmarkets.com

With a copy to: 

Faegre Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP

200 Wells Fargo Center

90 S. Seventh Street

Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402

Attention: Jonathan Zimmerman

E-mail: Jonathan.zimmerman@faegredrinker.com

21 

If to the Company:

Red Cat Holdings, Inc.

15 Ave. Munoz Rivera, Ste. 2200

San Juan, PR 00901

Attention: Jeff Thompson

Email: jeff@redcat.red

With a copy to: 

Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP

12275 El Camino Real, Suite 100

San Diego, California 92130

Attn: John Tishler, Esq.

Email: JTishler@sheppardmullin.com

Any party hereto may change the
address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others.

Section 10. Successors. This
Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, and to the benefit of the employees, officers and directors
and controlling persons referred to in Section 7 hereof, and to their respective successors, and personal representative, and no other
person will have any right or obligation hereunder.

Section 11. Partial Unenforceability.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of any other section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined
to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to
make it valid and enforceable.

Section 12. Governing Law Provisions.
This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made and delivered in New York City and both this engagement letter and the transactions contemplated
hereby shall be governed as to validity, interpretation, construction, effect and in all other respects by the internal laws of the State
of New York, without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Each of the Placement Agent and the Company: (i) agrees that any
legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this engagement letter and/or the transactions contemplated hereby shall
be instituted exclusively in New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York, (ii) waives any objection which it may have or hereafter to the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding, and (iii) irrevocably
consents to the jurisdiction of the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, and the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York in any such suit, action or proceeding. Each of the Placement Agent and the Company further agrees to accept and
acknowledge service of any and all process which may be served in any such suit, action or proceeding in the New York Supreme Court, County
of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and agrees that service of process upon the
Company mailed by certified mail to the Companys address shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the
Company, in any such suit, action or proceeding, and service of process upon the Placement Agent mailed by certified mail to the Placement
Agents address shall be deemed in every respect effective service process upon the Placement Agent, in any such suit, action or
proceeding. Notwithstanding any provision of this engagement letter to the contrary, the Company agrees that neither the Placement Agent
nor its affiliates, and the respective officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives of the Placement Agent, its affiliates
and each other person, if any, controlling the Placement Agent or any of its affiliates, shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect,
in contract or tort or otherwise) to the Company for or in connection with the engagement and transaction described herein except for
any such liability for losses, claims, damages or liabilities incurred by us that are finally judicially determined to have resulted from
the willful misconduct or gross negligence of such individuals or entities. If either party shall commence an action or proceeding to
enforce any provision of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party
for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of
such action or proceeding.

Section 13. General Provisions.

(a) This Agreement constitutes
the entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all prior written or oral and all contemporaneous oral agreements,
understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts,
each one of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This
Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied)
may be waived unless waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit. Section headings herein are for the convenience
of the parties only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

(b) The Company acknowledges
that in connection with the offering of the Shares: (i) the Placement Agent has acted at arms length, are not agents of, and owe no fiduciary
duties to the Company or any other person, (ii) the Placement Agent owes the Company only those duties and obligations set forth in this
Agreement and (iii) the Placement Agent may have interests that differ from those of the Company. The Company waives to the full extent
permitted by applicable law any claims it may have against the Placement Agent arising from an alleged breach of fiduciary duty in connection
with the offering of the Shares.

[The remainder of this page has been intentionally
left blank.]

22 

If the foregoing is in accordance
with your understanding of our agreement, please sign below whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts hereof, shall become
a binding agreement in accordance with its terms.

Very truly yours, 

Red Cat Holdings, INC.,

a Nevada corporation

By: /s/ Jeffrey Thompson 

Name: Jeffrey Thompson 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

The foregoing Placement Agency
Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written.

NORTHLAND SECURITIES, INC. 

By: /s/ Jeff Peterson 

Name: Jeff Peterson 

Title: Co-Head of Investment Banking 

[Signature Page to Placement Agency Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex5-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP

30 Rockefeller
Plaza

New York, New York 10112-0015

212.653.8700 main

212.653.8701 fax

www.sheppardmullin.com 

April 11, 2025

VIA EDGAR

Red Cat Holdings, Inc.

15 Ave. Munoz Rivera, Ste 2200

San Juan, Puerto Rico

Re: Registration Statement on Form S-3

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel to Red Cat Holdings,
Inc. (the Company), a Nevada corporation in connection with the offering for sale of 4,724,412 shares (the Shares)
of common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock), pursuant to the Registration Statement (as
defined below) and the Prospectus (as defined below). Unless defined herein, capitalized terms have the meanings given to them in that
certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement), dated April 10, 2025, by and among the Company
and the purchasers identified on the signature pages thereto (the Purchasers), relating to the issuance and sale by the
Company of the Shares.

This opinion is being furnished in accordance with the requirements
of Item 601(b)(5)(i) of Regulation S-K. In connection with this opinion, we have reviewed and relied upon the following:

the Registration Statement (including
any documents incorporated by reference therein, the Registration Statement) on
Form S-3 (File No. 333-283242) initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Commission) on November 14, 2024 under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the Securities Act), and the related prospectus
included in such Registration Statement at the time it became effective on December 11, 2024
(including any documents incorporated by reference therein, the Base Prospectus));

the prospectus supplement, which includes the Base Prospectus, filed on April 11, 2025 pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities
Act, which is referred to as the Prospectus;

the Securities Purchase Agreement;

the Articles of Incorporation of the Company in effect on the date hereof;

the Bylaws of the Company in effect on the date hereof;

the resolutions of the Board of Directors
of the Company, adopted on April 9, 2025 and the resolutions of the Pricing Committee of
the Board of Directors of the Company dated April 9, 2025 authorizing and ratifying
the execution and delivery of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the issuance and sale of
the Shares, the preparation and filing of the Prospectus, and other actions with regard
thereto; and

such other documents, records, certificates, memoranda and other instruments as we deem necessary as a basis for this opinion.

In our examination, we have assumed the genuineness
of all signatures, including endorsements, the legal capacity and competency of all natural persons, the authenticity of all documents
submitted to us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as facsimile, electronic, certified
or photocopy, and the authenticity of the originals of such copies. As to any facts relevant to the opinions stated herein that we did
not independently establish or verify, we have relied upon statements and representations of officers and other representatives of the
Company and others and of public officials.

-1-

Based upon the foregoing and subject to the
qualifications and assumptions stated herein, we are of the opinion that the Shares have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate
action on the part of the Company under the Nevada Revised Statutes (the NRS) and, when the Shares are delivered to and
paid for by the Purchasers in accordance with the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement and when evidence of the issuance thereof
is duly recorded in the Companys books and records, the Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion
letter as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K being filed on the date hereof and incorporated by reference into
the Registration Statement. We also hereby consent to the reference to our firm under the caption Legal Matters in the Prospectus.
In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities
Act, the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder or Item 509 of Regulation S-K.

We express no opinion as to matters governed
by any laws other than the NRS.

We disclaim any obligation to advise you of
facts, circumstances, events or developments that hereafter may be brought to our attention and that may alter, affect or modify the opinion
expressed herein. Our opinion is expressly limited to the matters set forth above and we render no opinion, whether by implication or
otherwise, as to any other matters relating to the Company or the Shares.

Respectfully submitted,

/s/ Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP

SHEPPARD, MULLIN, RICHTER & HAMPTON LLP

-2-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement
(this Agreement) is dated as of April 10, 2025, between Red Cat Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company),
and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser
and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act (as defined below),
the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company,
securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION
of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are
hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. In addition
to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set forth
in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring Person
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.4.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board of Directors
means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day
means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by
law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required
by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee 
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally
open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Shares pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing Date
means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto, and
all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys obligations
to deliver the Shares, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the second (2nd) Trading Day
following the date hereof.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock
means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter
be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock
Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any
time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any
time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company Counsel
means Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP with offices located at 12275 El Camino Real, Suite 100, San Diego, California 92130.

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and
before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date
hereof.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt Issuance
means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock, options restricted stock units or other securities to employees, officers, directors
or independent contractors of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee
members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for
services rendered to the Company, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of securities exercisable or exchangeable
for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have
not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange
price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such
securities, and (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors
of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no
registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period
in Section 4.9(a) herein, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is,
itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company
and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which
the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in
securities.

2 

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Lock-Up Agreement
means the Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company and the directors, officers, and certain stockholders
of the Company, in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Material Adverse
Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material Permits
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Per Share
Purchase Price equals $6.35, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Placement
Agent means Northland Securities, Inc.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Prospectus
means the final prospectus filed for the Registration Statement.

Prospectus
Supplement means the supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that is filed with the Commission
and delivered by the Company to each Purchaser at the Closing.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.7.

3 

Registration
Statement means the effective registration statement with Commission file No. 333-283242 which registers the sale of the Shares
to the Purchasers, and includes any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement.

Required Approvals
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 462(b)
Registration Statement means any registration statement prepared by the Company registering additional Public Securities, which
was filed with the Commission on or prior to the date hereof and became automatically effective pursuant to Rule 462(b) promulgated by
the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act.

SEC Reports
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Short Sales
means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to include
locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares purchased hereunder as specified below such
Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in United States
dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a), and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading Day
means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

4 

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange.

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer Agent
means Equity Stock Transfer, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 237 West 37th Street. Suite 602,
New York, NY 10018, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Variable Rate
Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.9(b).

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing. On the Closing
Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not
jointly, agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of $30,000,016.20 of Shares. Each Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on
the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment settlement with
the Company or its designee. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares, and the Company and each Purchaser shall
deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth
in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall take place remotely by electronic transfer of the Closing documentation. Unless otherwise directed
by the Placement Agent, settlement of the Shares shall occur via Delivery Versus Payment (i.e., on the Closing Date, the
Company shall issue the Shares registered in the Purchasers names and addresses and released by the Transfer Agent directly to
the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically
deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment therefor shall be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire
transfer to the Company). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time on or after the time of execution of this Agreement
by the Company and an applicable Purchaser, through, and including the time immediately prior to the Closing (the Pre-Settlement
Period), such Purchaser sells to any Person all, or any portion, of the Shares to be issued hereunder to such Purchaser at
the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement Shares), such Purchaser shall, automatically hereunder (without any
additional required actions by such Purchaser or the Company), be deemed to be unconditionally bound to purchase, such Pre-Settlement
Shares at the Closing; provided, that the Company shall not be required to deliver any Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser prior to
the Companys receipt of the purchase price of such Pre-Settlement Shares hereunder; and provided further that the Company hereby
acknowledges and agrees that the forgoing shall not constitute a representation or covenant by such Purchaser as to whether or not during
the Pre-Settlement Period such Purchaser shall sell any shares of Common Stock to any Person and that any such decision to sell any shares
of Common Stock by such Purchaser shall solely be made at the time such Purchaser elects to effect any such sale, if any. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein and a Purchasers Subscription Amount set forth on the signature pages attached hereto, the number
of Shares purchased by a Purchaser (and its Affiliates) hereunder shall not, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock owned
by such Purchaser (and its Affiliates) at such time, result in such Purchaser beneficially owning (as determined in accordance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act) in excess of 9.9% of the then issued and outstanding Common Stock outstanding at the Closing (the Beneficial
Ownership Maximum), and such Purchasers Subscription Amount, to the extent it would otherwise exceed the Beneficial
Ownership Maximum immediately prior to the Closing, shall be conditioned upon the issuance of Shares at the Closing to the other Purchasers
signatory hereto. To the extent that a Purchasers beneficial ownership of the Shares would otherwise be deemed to exceed the Beneficial
Ownership Maximum, such Purchasers Subscription Amount shall automatically be reduced as necessary in order to comply with this
paragraph.

5 

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On or prior to the
Closing Date (except as indicated below), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i) this Agreement duly
executed by the Company;

(ii) a legal opinion of
Company Counsel, substantially in the form reasonably acceptable to each Purchaser;

(iii) subject to the last
sentence of Section 2.1, the Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead
and executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(iv) subject to the last
sentence of Section 2.1, a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an
expedited basis via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system Shares equal to such Purchasers Subscription
Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser;

(v) on the date hereof,
the duly executed Lock-Up Agreements; and

(vi) the Prospectus and
Prospectus Supplement (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

(b) On or prior to the
Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, the following:

(i) this Agreement duly
executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii) such Purchasers
Subscription Amount, which shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment settlement with the Company or its designee.

6 

2.3 Closing Conditions.

(a) The obligations
of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy in all
material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects) on the Closing Date
of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall
be accurate (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all obligations,
covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed; and

(iii) the delivery by
each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b) The respective obligations
of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy in all
material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects)
when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of a specific date
therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects, or to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by
materiality or Material Adverse effect, in all respects as of such date);

(ii) all obligations,
covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the delivery by
the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) there shall have
been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company;

(v) from the date hereof
to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys principal Trading
Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been
suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such service, or on
any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities nor shall
there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude in
its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser,
makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Shares at the Closing.

7 

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations and Warranties
of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports or the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part
hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section
of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries.
All of the subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Exhibit 21.1 of the Companys Transition Report on Form 10-KT for the eight
month transition period ended December 31, 2024. The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests
of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly
issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company
has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to
own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted, except where the failure to be in good standing
could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default
of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents.
Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other
entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary,
except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, would not have or reasonably be expected to result
in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect
on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken
as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its
obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding
has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority
or qualification.

8 

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other
than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or
upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute
the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by
general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting
enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive
relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(d) No Conflicts.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the
issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not
(i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation,
bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse
of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company
or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation
(with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or
Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset
of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation
of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which
the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset
of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as would not have or reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Filings, Consents
and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any
filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with
the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant to
Section 4.3 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement, (iii) application(s) to each applicable
Trading Market for the listing of the Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby and (iv) such filings as are
required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

9 

(f) Issuance of the
Shares; Registration. The Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents,
will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from
its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement. The Company has prepared
and filed the Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which became effective on December 11,
2024, including the Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required to the date of this Agreement. The
Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the Prospectus has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for that purpose
have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. The Company, if required by the rules and
regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the Registration Statement
and any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of this Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any
amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, at the time the Prospectus or any
amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements
of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company was
at the time of the filing of the Registration Statement eligible to use Form S-3. The Company is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities
Act.

(g) Capitalization.
The Company has an authorized and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the SEC Reports. The Company has not issued any capital
stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee
stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys
employee stock purchase plans, pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the
most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation,
or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. There are no outstanding options, warrants,
scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the
capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or
may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance
and sale of the Shares will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person
(other than the Purchasers). here are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that
adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company
or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or
similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is
or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or
phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities
laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase
securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and
sale of the Shares. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys
capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

10 

(h) SEC Reports;
Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by
the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the one year preceding
the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials,
including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement,
being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of
such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the
SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none
of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting
requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis
during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes
thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material
respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations
and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. 

(i) Material Changes;
Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC
Reports, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued
expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in
the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not
altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to
its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company
has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans. The
Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of
the Shares contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or
is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties,
operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the
time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one Trading Day prior to the date that this
representation is made.

(j) Litigation.
There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened
against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental
or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action)
which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Shares or
(ii) would, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation
of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge
of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or to the Companys
knowledge any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending
the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k) Labor Relations.
No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company, which would
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees is a member
of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships
with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected
to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement
or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued
employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any
of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and
regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the
failure to be in compliance would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

11 

(l) Compliance.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or
any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement
or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default
or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority
or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation
all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality
and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

(m) Environmental
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution
or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata),
including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or
hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to
the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as
all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits,
plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have received
all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and
(iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii),
the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n) Regulatory Permits.
The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, local
or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, including the Department
of Transportation and the Federal Aviation Administration, except where the failure to possess such permits would not reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received
any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit.

12 

(o) Title to Assets.
The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good and marketable
title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and
clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the
use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state
or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither delinquent
nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under
valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

(p) Intellectual
Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications,
service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights
necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to
so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired,
terminated or been abandoned, or except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned,
within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest
audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual
Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as would not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material
Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement
by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures
to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q) Open Source Software.
(i) To the best of the Companys knowledge, the Company uses and has used any and all software and other materials distributed under
a free, open source, or similar licensing model (including but not limited to the MIT License, Apache License,
GNU General Public License, GNU Lesser General Public License and GNU Affero General Public License) (Open Source Software)
in compliance with all license terms applicable to such Open Source Software; and (ii) the Company has not used or distributed and does
not use or distribute any Open Source Software in any manner that requires or has required (A) the Company to permit reverse engineering
of any software code or other technology owned by the Company or (B) any software code or other technology owned by the Company to be
(1) disclosed or distributed in source code form, (2) licensed for the purpose of making derivative works or (3) redistributed at no charge.

13 

(r) Data Security.
(i) To the best of the Companys knowledge, the Company has complied and is presently in compliance with all internal and external
privacy policies, contractual obligations, applicable laws, statutes, judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator
or other governmental or regulatory authority and any other legal obligations, in each case, relating to the collection, use, transfer,
import, export, storage, protection, disposal and disclosure by the Company of personal, personally identifiable, household, sensitive,
confidential or regulated data (Data Security Obligations, and such data, Data); (ii) the Company has not
received any notification of or complaint regarding and is unaware of any other facts that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably
indicate non-compliance with any Data Security Obligation; and (iii) there is no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or
governmental agency, authority or body pending or threatened alleging non-compliance with any Data Security Obligation nor are there any
incidents under internal review or investigations relating to the same.

(s) Data Protection;
No Breaches. To the best of the Companys knowledge, the Companys information technology assets and equipment, computers,
systems, networks, hardware, software, websites, applications, and databases are adequate for, and operate and perform in all material
respects as required in connection with, the operation of the business of the Company as currently conducted, free and clear of all material
bugs, errors, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other corruptants. The Company has taken commercially reasonable efforts
to protect the information technology systems and Data used in connection with the operation of the Companys business. Without
limiting the foregoing, the Company has used reasonable efforts to establish and maintain reasonable information technology, information
security, cyber security and data protection controls, policies and procedures, including oversight, access controls, encryption, technological
and physical safeguards and business continuity/disaster recovery and security plans that are designed to protect against and prevent
breach, destruction, loss, unauthorized distribution, use, access, disablement, misappropriation or modification, or other compromise
or misuse of or relating to any information technology system or Data used in connection with the operation of the Companys business
(Breach). There has been no such Breach, and the Company has not been notified of and has no knowledge of any event
or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any such Breach.

(t) Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such
amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited
to, directors and officers insurance coverage. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able
to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may
be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

14 

(u) Transactions
With Affiliates and Employees. None of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company,
none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other
than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing
of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending
of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any
entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder,
member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii)
reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under
any stock option plan of the Company.

(v) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the
Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a
system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with
managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements
general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable
intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such
disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules
and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company
and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date,
the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the
conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as
of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such
term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(w) Certain Fees.
Except for fees payable by the Company to the Placement Agent, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable
by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other
Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect
to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may
be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

15 

(x) Investment Company.
The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Shares, will not be or be an Affiliate
of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct
its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended.

(y) Registration
Rights. No Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any
securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(z) Listing and Maintenance
Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed
to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act
nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration. The Company has not,
in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or
quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company
is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance
requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established
clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing
corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(aa) Application
of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state
of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their obligations
or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of
the Shares and the Purchasers ownership of the Shares.

16 

(bb) Disclosure.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms
that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information
that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus Supplement.
The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries,
their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and
correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the
statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated
by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser
makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically
set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(cc) No Integrated
Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither the Company,
nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security
or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Shares to be integrated with prior
offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities
of the Company are listed or designated.

(dd) SolvencyBased
on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the date hereof, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company of the
proceeds from the sale of the Shares hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount that will
be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent liabilities)
as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as now conducted
and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the business conducted
by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of the
Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated
uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid.
The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts
of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe
that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one year from
the Closing Date.

(ee) Tax Status.
Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and
franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other
governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations
and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the
periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the
taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

17 

(ff) Foreign Corrupt
Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other person
acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment
or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government
officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully
any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which
is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(gg) Accountants.
The Companys accounting firm is dbbmckennon. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm is a registered public
accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act.

(hh) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Shares. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting solely in
the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby. The
Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity)
with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their
respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely
incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Shares. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions
contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ii) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except
for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.11 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked
by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company,
or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Shares for any specified term; (ii) past
or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative
transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of
the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to which
any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Common Stock, and (iv)
each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative
transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage in hedging activities at various
times during the period that the Shares are outstanding, and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing
stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company
acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

18 

(jj) Regulation M
Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any
action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the
sale or resale of any of the Shares, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the
Shares, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company,
other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in connection with the placement of the Shares.

(kk) Cybersecurity. 
(i)(x) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys information
technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers,
vendors and to the Companys knowledge any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively,
IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of
any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data;
(ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules
and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating
to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation
or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the
Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information
and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries
have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

(ll) Stock Option
Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance with the
terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock
on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Companys
stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice
to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public
announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

19 

(mm) Office of Foreign
Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee
or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Government, including,
without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC) or the U.S.
Department of State and including, without limitation, the designation as a specially designated national or blocked
person (Sanctions). Since April 24, 2019, the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have knowingly engaged in
or are now knowingly engaged in any dealings or transactions with any person that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was
the subject or the target of Sanctions or with any Sanctioned Country.

(nn) U.S. Real Property
Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section
897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

(oo) Bank Holding
Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as
amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent
(5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity of a bank
or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or
Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to
regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(pp) Money Laundering.
The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping
and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes
and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), and no Action or Proceeding
by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect
to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

20 

3.2 Representations and Warranties
of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and
as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate as of such
date):

(a) Organization; Authority.
Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership limited liability company or similar power
and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its
obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such Purchaser of the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability
company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly
executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally
binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable
principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement
of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief
or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(b) Understandings
or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Shares as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement
or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Shares (this representation and warranty
not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Shares pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable
federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Shares hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(c) Purchaser Status.
At the time such Purchaser was offered the Shares, it was, and as of the date hereof it is an accredited investor as defined
in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12) or (a)(13) under the Securities Act.

(d) Experience of Such
Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in
business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Shares, and
has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Shares
and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e) Access to Information.
Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits and schedules
thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive
answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Shares and the merits and risks
of investing in the Shares; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results of operations, business,
properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional
information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment
decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate
of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect to the Shares nor is such information or
advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made or makes any representation as to the Company
or the quality of the Shares and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public information with respect to the Company
which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with the issuance of the Shares to such Purchaser, neither
the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to such Purchaser.

21 

(f) Certain Transactions
and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has any Person acting
on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales, including Short
Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first received a term sheet
(written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material pricing terms of the transactions
contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser
that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets
and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions
of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by
the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Shares covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons
party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners,
legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made
to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for
the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect
to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

The Company acknowledges and agrees
that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely on the Companys
representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document
or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation
or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions
in the future.

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Furnishing of Information.
Until the time that no Purchaser owns Shares, the Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within
the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if
the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

22 

4.2 Integration. The Company
shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of
the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Shares for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading
Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained
before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.3 Securities Laws Disclosure;
Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated
hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the Commission within
the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents to the Purchasers that
it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement
Agent, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such
press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether
written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees, Affiliates
or agents, including without limitation, the Placement Agent, on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates on
the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be
relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult
with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor
any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company,
with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release
of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case
the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with
the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required
by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such
disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice
of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

4.4 Shareholder Rights Plan.
No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser is an Acquiring
Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger
the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Shares under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement
between the Company and the Purchasers.

23 

4.5 Non-Public Information.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, which shall be
disclosed pursuant to Section 4.3, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf will provide
any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material
non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such information and agreed
in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying
on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company, any of its Subsidiaries,
or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public information to a Purchaser without
such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality
to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without
limitation, the Placement Agent, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees,
Affiliates or agents including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information,
provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction
Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously
with the delivery of such notice file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands
and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

4.6 Use of Proceeds. The
Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Shares hereunder for working capital purposes and shall not use such proceeds:
(a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Companys debt (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the
Companys business and prior practices), (b) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement
of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

24 

4.7 Indemnification of Purchasers.
Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.7, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors, officers, shareholders,
members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities
Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other
Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of
such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies,
damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and
costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted
against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is
not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, unless such
action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction
Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser
Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute
fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct. If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity
may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and, the Company shall have
the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party
shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of
such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically
authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ
counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel a material conflict on any material issue between the position
of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses
of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement
by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed;
or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach
of any of the representations, other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.7 shall be made by periodic
payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The
indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the
Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

4.8 Listing of Common Stock.
The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on which
it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the Shares on such Trading
Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies
to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the Shares, and will take
such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible.
The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market
and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading
Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company
or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company
or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.9 Subsequent Equity Sales.

(a) From the date hereof
until 30 days after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce
the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (ii) file any registration statement or
amendment or supplement thereto, other than the Prospectus Supplement or filing a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection with
any employee benefit plan.1

1 NTD: To discuss the recently
filed resale S-3 and if an amendment is needed to go effective.

25 

(b) From the date hereof
until the 30 day anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect
any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof)
involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues
or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive additional
shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies
with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity
securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial
issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the
business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including,
but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering, whereby the Company may issue securities at a
future determined price whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price regardless of whether shares pursuant to
such agreement have actually been issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled. Any Purchaser shall be entitled
to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect
damages.

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section 4.9 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction shall be an
Exempt Issuance.

4.10 Equal Treatment of Purchasers.
No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to
a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration is also offered to all of the parties
to such Transaction Document. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser by the
Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall not
in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of Shares
or otherwise.

26 

4.11 Certain Transactions and
Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it nor any Affiliate
acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales of any of the
Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.3. Each
Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.3, such Purchaser will
maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Disclosure Schedules (other
than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives). Notwithstanding the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything contained
in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty
or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.3, (ii) no
Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable
securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to
the initial press release as described in Section 4.3 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade
in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates
or agent, including without limitation, the Placement Agent, after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.3. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers
manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions
made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply
with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Shares covered
by this Agreement.

4.12 Lock-Up Agreements.
The Company shall not amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any of the Lock-Up Agreements except to extend the term of the
lock-up period and shall enforce the provisions of each Lock-Up Agreement in accordance with its terms. If any party to a Lock-Up Agreement
breaches any provision of a Lock-Up Agreement, the Company shall promptly use its best efforts to seek specific performance of the terms
of such Lock-Up Agreement.

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination. 
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever
on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated
on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination
will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2 Fees and Expenses.
Each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred
by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all
Transfer Agent fees, stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Shares to the Purchaser, as
well as the fees and expenses of the Placement Agent as set forth in the Placement Agency Agreement, by and between the Company and the
Placement Agent.

27 

5.3 Entire Agreement. The
Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, contain the entire
understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings,
oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices. Any and all
notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given
and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment at the
email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b)
the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment at the email address
as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on
any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight
courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and
communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

5.5 Amendments; Waivers.
No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of
an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50% in interest of the Shares based on the initial Subscription Amounts
hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement
of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts
a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be
required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing
waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall
any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment
or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable
rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment
effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Shares and the Company.

5.6 Headings. The headings
herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions
hereof.

5.7 Successors and Assigns.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company may
not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other than by merger).
Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Shares,
provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Shares, by the provisions of the Transaction
Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

28 

5.8 No Third-Party Beneficiaries.
This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns only, and is not
for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

5.9 Governing Law. All
questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of
law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting
in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such
court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered
or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action
or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section
4.7, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

5.10 Survival. The representations and warranties
contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Shares.

5.11 Execution. This Agreement
may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall
become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that the parties
need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data
file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed)
with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.12 Severability. If any
term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or
unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect
and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find
and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant
or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms,
provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

29 

5.13 Rescission and Withdrawal
Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of the other Transaction
Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company does not
timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion
from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice to
its future actions and rights.

5.14 Replacement of Shares.
If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Shares is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be
issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution therefor,
a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction.
The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including
customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Shares.

5.15 Remedies. In addition
to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers and
the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not
be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby
agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would
be adequate.

5.16 Payment Set Aside.
To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser enforces
or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are
subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded,
repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any
bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation
or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not
been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

30 

5.17 Independent Nature of
Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and not joint
with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance of
the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose.
Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. The
Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not
because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained
in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and
the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18 Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays,
etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not
be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.19 Construction. The
parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.20 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.
IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND
INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES
FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature Pages Follow)

31 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first
indicated above.

RED CAT HOLDINGS, inc. Address for Notice:

By: E-Mail:

Name: 

Title: 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

[Signature Page to Securities Purchase Agreement]

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above.

Name of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser:
_________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

Email Address of Authorized Signatory:_________________________________________

Address for Notice to Purchaser:

Address for Delivery of Shares to Purchaser (if not same as address for
notice):

Subscription Amount: $_________________

Shares: _________________

EIN Number: ____________________

Notwithstanding anything contained in this
Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to purchase the securities set forth in this
Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of the Company to sell such securities to the above-signed,
shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii) the Closing shall occur on the second (2nd)
Trading Day following the date of this Agreement and (iii) any condition to Closing contemplated by this Agreement (but prior to being
disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed of any agreement, instrument, certificate
or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall instead be an unconditional obligation of the
Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable)
to such other party on the Closing Date.

[Signature Page to Securities Purchase Agreement]

Exhibit A

Form of Lock-Up Agreement

April __, 2025

Northland Securities, Inc.

150 South Fifth Street, Ste. 3300

Minneapolis, MN 55402

RE: Red Cat Holdings, Inc. | Registered Direct Offering

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned understands that
you, as the placement agent (the Placement Agent), propose to enter into a placement agency agreement (the Placement
Agency Agreement), as Placement Agent, with Red Cat Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company),
providing for the offer and sale (the Offering) of securities of the Company (the Securities).
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Placement Agency Agreement.

Lock-Up

In consideration of the Placement
Agents agreement to act as Placement Agent for the Offering of the Securities, and for other good and valuable consideration receipt
of which is hereby acknowledged, the undersigned hereby agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, the undersigned
will not, and will not cause any direct or indirect affiliate to, during the period beginning on the date of the final prospectus supplement
relating to the Offering (the Prospectus) and ending at the close of business 30 days after the date of the Prospectus
(such period, the Restricted Period):

(1) offer, pledge, sell,
contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant
to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share,
of the Company (the Common Stock) or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock
(including without limitation, Common Stock or such other securities which may be deemed to be beneficially owned by the undersigned in
accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and securities which may be issued upon exercise of
a stock option or warrant) (collectively with the Common Stock, the Lock-Up Securities),

(2) enter into any hedging,
swap or other agreement or transaction that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Lock-Up
Securities, whether any such transaction described in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled by delivery of Lock-Up Securities, in cash
or otherwise,

(3) make any demand
for or exercise any right with respect to the registration of any Lock-Up Securities, or

(4) publicly disclose
the intention to do any of the foregoing.

Page 1

The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that the foregoing
precludes the undersigned from engaging in any hedging or other transactions or arrangements (including, without limitation, any short
sale or the purchase or sale of, or entry into, any put or call option, or combination thereof, forward, swap or any other derivative
transaction or instrument, however described or defined) designed or intended, or which could reasonably be expected to lead to or result
in, a sale or disposition or transfer (whether by the undersigned or any other person) of any economic consequences of ownership, in whole
or in part, directly or indirectly, of any Lock-Up Securities, whether any such transaction or arrangement (or instrument provided for
thereunder) would be settled by delivery of Lock-Up Securities, in cash or otherwise. The undersigned further confirms that it has furnished
the Placement Agent with the details of any transaction the undersigned, or any of its affiliates, is a party to as of the date hereof,
which transaction would have been restricted by this Letter Agreement (the Letter Agreement) if it had been entered into
by the undersigned during the Restricted Period.

Lock-Up
Exceptions

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the undersigned may:

(a) transfer or dispose
of the undersigneds Lock-Up Securities:

(i) as a bona fide gift or gifts, or for bona
fide estate planning purposes,

(ii) by will or intestacy,

(iii) to any trust for the direct or indirect
benefit of the undersigned or the immediate family of the undersigned, or if the undersigned is a trust, to a trustor or beneficiary of
the trust or to the estate of a beneficiary of such trust (for purposes of this Letter Agreement, immediate family shall
mean any relationship by blood, current or former marriage, domestic partnership or adoption, not more remote than first cousin),

(iv) to a corporation, partnership, limited
liability company or other entity of which the undersigned or the immediate family of the undersigned are the legal and beneficial owner
of all of the outstanding equity securities or similar interests,

(v) to a nominee or custodian of a person
or entity to whom a disposition or transfer would be permissible under clauses (i) through (iv) above,

(vi) if the undersigned is a corporation,
partnership, limited liability company, trust or other business entity, (A) to another corporation, partnership, limited liability company,
trust or other business entity that is an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended)
of the undersigned, or to any investment fund or other entity controlling, controlled by, managing or managed by or under common control
with the undersigned or affiliates of the undersigned (including, for the avoidance of doubt, where the undersigned is a partnership,
to its general partner or a successor partnership or fund, or any other funds managed by such partnership), or (B) as part of a distribution
to members, partners, shareholders or other equity holders of the undersigned,

(vii) by operation of law, such as pursuant
to a qualified domestic order, divorce settlement, divorce decree or separation agreement, or related court order,

(viii) to the Company from an employee of
the Company upon death, disability or termination of employment, in each case, of such employee,

(ix) as part of a sale of the undersigneds
Lock-Up Securities acquired in open market transactions after the completion of the Offering,

(x) to the Company in connection with the
vesting, settlement, exchange, conversion or exercise of restricted stock units, options, warrants or other rights to purchase shares
of Common Stock (including, in each case, by way of net or cashless exercise), including for the payment of
exercise price and tax and remittance payments due as a result of the vesting, settlement, or exercise of such restricted stock units,
options, warrants or rights, provided that any such shares of Common Stock received upon such exercise, vesting or settlement (other than
such shares as are transferred or surrendered to the Company in connection with such vesting, settlement or exercise event) shall be subject
to the terms of this Letter Agreement, and provided further that any such restricted stock units, options, warrants or rights are held
by the undersigned pursuant to an agreement or equity awards granted under a stock incentive plan or other equity award plan, each such
agreement or plan which is described in the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents, the Base Prospectus and the Final Prospectus,
or

Page 2

(xi) pursuant to
a bona fide third-party tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction that is approved by the Board of Directors of
the Company and made to all holders of the Companys capital stock involving a Change of Control2 of the Company; provided
that in the event that such tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction is not completed, the undersigneds
Lock-Up Securities shall remain subject to the provisions of this Letter Agreement;

In addition, notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, the undersigned may, without the consent of the Placement Agent, (i) establish a trading plan under Rule 10b5-1 under
the Exchange Act (a 10b5-1 Trading Plan) or amend an existing 10b5-1 Trading Plan so long as there are no sales of
Common Stock of the Company or derivative instruments under such plan during the Restricted Period; provided that, the
establishment of a 10b5-1 Trading Plan or the amendment of a 10b5-1 Trading Plan, in either case, providing for sales of shares of Common
Stock of the Company or any derivative instrument shall only be permitted if (1) the establishment or amendment of such plan is not required
to be reported during the Restricted Period in any public report or filing with the SEC, or otherwise, and (2) the undersigned does not
otherwise voluntarily effect any public filing or report regarding the establishment or amendment of such plan, and (ii) transfer shares
of Common Stock of the Company pursuant to a 10b5-1 Trading Plan in effect as of the date hereof which has been provided to the Placement
Agent or their legal counsel, provided that any filing required under Section 16 of the Exchange Act during the Restricted Period shall
clearly indicate in the footnotes thereto that the filing relates to a transaction pursuant to a 10b5-1 Trading Plan.

Furthermore, the undersigned may, without
the consent of Placement Agent, sell shares of Common Stock of the Company purchased by the undersigned in the Offering or on the open
market following the Offering if and only if (i) such sales are not required to be reported in any public report or filing with the SEC,
or otherwise, during the Restricted Period and (ii) the undersigned does not otherwise voluntarily effect any public filing or report
regarding such sales during the Restricted Period.

provided that

(A) in the case of any transfer or distribution pursuant to clauses
(a)(i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi), such transfer shall not involve a disposition for value,

2 Change of Control shall mean the transfer
(whether by tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction), in one transaction or a series of related transactions,
to a person or group of affiliated persons (other than the Placement Agent pursuant to the Offering), of shares of capital stock if,
after such transfer, such person or group of affiliated persons would hold more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the
Company (or the surviving entity).

Page 3

(B) in the case of any transfer or distribution pursuant to clauses
(a)(i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi) and (vii), each donee, devisee, transferee or distributee shall execute and deliver to the Placement
Agent a lock-up letter in the form of this Letter Agreement,

(C) in the case of any transfer or distribution pursuant to clause
(a)(ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi), no filing by any party (donor, donee, devisee, transferor, transferee, distributer or distributee)
under the Exchange Act, or other public announcement reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock shall be
required or shall be made voluntarily in connection with such transfer or distribution (other than a filing on a Form 5 made after the
expiration of the Restricted Period referred to above), and

(D) in the case of any transfer or distribution pursuant to clauses
(a)(i), (vii), (viii) and (x) it shall be a condition to such transfer that no public filing, report or announcement shall be voluntarily
made and if any filing under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, or other public filing, report or announcement reporting a reduction
in beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock in connection with such transfer or distribution shall be legally required during the
Restricted Period, such filing, report or announcement shall clearly indicate in the footnotes thereto the nature and conditions of such
transfer;

(b) exercise outstanding options,
settle restricted stock units or other equity awards or exercise outstanding warrants pursuant to plans described in the Registration
Statement, the Incorporated Documents, the Base Prospectus and the Final Prospectus; provided that any Lock-up Securities received upon
such exercise, vesting or settlement shall be subject to the terms of this Letter Agreement; provided that if the undersigned is
required to make any filing under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, or other public filing, report or announcement during the Restricted
Period, the undersigned shall clearly indicate in the footnotes thereto that the filing relates to the circumstances described in this
clause and that the shares of Common Stock received upon the exercise or settlement, as applicable, of the stock option, warrant or restricted
stock unit or other right or vesting event are subject to this Letter Agreement, and no public filing, report or announcement shall be
voluntarily made; and

(c) establish trading plans pursuant
to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act for the transfer of shares of Lock-Up Securities (each such plan, a Trading Plan);
provided that such Trading Plans do not provide for the transfer of Lock-Up Securities during the Restricted Period.

Beneficial
Ownership

If the undersigned is not a natural
person, the undersigned represents and warrants that no single natural person, entity or group (within the meaning of Section
13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than a natural person, entity or group (as described above) that has executed a Letter
Agreement in substantially the same form as this Letter Agreement, beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 50% or more of the common
equity interests, or 50% or more of the voting power, in the undersigned.

Transfer
Agent

In furtherance of the foregoing,
the Company, and any duly appointed transfer agent for the registration or transfer of the securities described herein, are hereby authorized
to decline to make any transfer of securities if such transfer would constitute a violation or breach of this Letter Agreement.

Power and
Authority

The undersigned hereby represents
and warrants that the undersigned has full power and authority to enter into this Letter Agreement. All authority herein conferred or
agreed to be conferred and any obligations of the undersigned shall be binding upon the successors, assigns, heirs or personal representatives
of the undersigned.

Page 4

No Placement
Agent Recommendation

The undersigned acknowledges and
agrees that the Placement Agent has not provided any recommendation or investment advice nor has the Placement Agent solicited any action
from the undersigned with respect to the Offering of the Securities and the undersigned has consulted its own legal, accounting, financial,
regulatory and tax advisors to the extent deemed appropriate. The undersigned further acknowledges and agrees that, although the Placement
Agent may be required or choose to provide certain Regulation Best Interest and Form CRS disclosures to you in connection with the Offering,
the Placement Agent is not making a recommendation to you to enter into this Letter Agreement, and nothing set forth in such disclosures
is intended to suggest that the Placement Agent is making such a recommendation.

Term and
Termination

The undersigned understands that,
(i) if the Placement Agency Agreement does not become effective by April 17, 2025, (ii) if the Placement Agency Agreement (other than
the provisions thereof which survive termination) shall terminate or be terminated prior to payment for and delivery of the Common Stock
to be sold thereunder, (iii) the Company notifies the Placement Agent in writing prior to the execution of the Placement Agency Agreement
that it does not intend to proceed with the Offering, or (iv) prior to payment for the Securities, the Registration Statement is withdrawn
prior to the execution of the Placement Agency Agreement, this Letter Agreement shall automatically terminate and be of no further force
or effect and undersigned shall be released from all obligations under this Letter Agreement. The undersigned understands that the Placement
Agent is entering into the Placement Agency Agreement and proceeding with the Offering in reliance upon this Letter Agreement.

Miscellaneous

The undersigned hereby consents
to receipt of this Letter Agreement in electronic form and understands and agrees that this Letter Agreement may be signed electronically.
In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission, electronic mail, or otherwise by electronic transmission (including
any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) evidencing an intent to sign
this Letter Agreement, such facsimile transmission, electronic mail or other electronic transmission shall create a valid and binding
obligation of the undersigned with the same force and effect as if such signature were an original. Execution and delivery of this Letter
Agreement by facsimile transmission, electronic mail or other electronic transmission is legal, valid and binding for all purposes.

[Remainder of page left blank intentionally | signature
page follows]

Page 5

This Letter Agreement and any
claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of the State of New York.

Very truly yours,

Name of Security Holder (Print exact name)

By: 

Signature

If not signing in an individual capacity:

Name of Authorized Signatory (Print)

Title of Authorized Signatory (Print)

(indicate capacity of person signing if signing as custodian, trustee, or on behalf of an entity)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Red Cat Holdings Announces $30 Million Registered
Direct Offering of Common Stock

SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico, April 10, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE)
-- Red Cat Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: RCAT) (Red Cat or Company), a drone technology company integrating robotic
hardware and software for military, government, and commercial operations, announced today that the Company has entered into securities
purchase agreements with certain institutional investors for the purchase and sale of 4,724,412 shares of common stock, pursuant to a
registered direct offering, expected to result in gross proceeds of approximately $30 million, before deducting placement agent fees and
other offering expenses. The offering is expected to close on or about April 11, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing
conditions.

The Company intends to use net proceeds from the
offering for general corporate purposes, including working capital.

Northland Capital Markets is acting as the exclusive
placement agent for the transaction.

The offering is being made
pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-283242), which was declared effective by the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on December 11, 2024. A final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating
to the registered direct offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SECs website located at http://www.sec.gov.
Additionally, when available, electronic copies of the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may be obtained, when
available, from Northland Securities, Inc., 150 South Fifth Street, Suite 3300, Minneapolis, MN.

This press release shall not constitute an offer
to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About
Red Cat Holdings, Inc.

Red
Cat (Nasdaq: RCAT) is a drone technology company integrating robotic hardware and software for military, government, and commercial operations.
Through two wholly owned subsidiaries, Teal Drones and FlightWave Aerospace, Red Cat has developed a leading-edge Family of Systems.
This includes the flagship Black Widow, a small unmanned ISR system that was awarded the U.S. Armys Short Range Reconnaissance
(SRR) Program of Record contract. The Family of Systems also includes TRICHON, a fixed wing VTOL for extended endurance and range,
and FANG, the industrys first line of NDAA compliant FPV drones optimized for military operations with precision strike
capabilities. Learn more at www.redcat.red.

Safe Harbor Forward-Looking Statements

This press
release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other
than statements of historical fact, contained in this press release are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements contained
in this press release may be identified by the use of words such as anticipate, believe, contemplate,
could, estimate, expect, intend, seek, may, might,
plan, potential, predict, project, target, aim, should,
will would, or the negative of these words or other similar expressions, although not all forward-looking
statements contain these words. Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements relating to the expected timing of the offering
and the satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the offerings, and our intended use of proceeds from the offering. Forward-looking
statements are based on Red Cat Holdings, Inc.s current expectations and are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and assumptions
that are difficult to predict. Further, certain forward-looking statements are based on assumptions as to future events that may not prove
to be accurate. These and other risks and uncertainties are described more fully in the section titled Risk Factors in the
Form 10-KT filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31, 2025. Forward-looking statements contained in this announcement
are made as of this date, and Red Cat Holdings, Inc. undertakes no duty to update such information except as required under applicable
law.

Contact:

INVESTORS:

E-mail: Investors@redcat.red

NEWS MEDIA:

Phone: (347) 880-2895

Email: peter@indicatemedia.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>rcat-20250410.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>rcat-20250410_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>rcat-20250410_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40202

Entity Registrant Name Red Cat Holdings,
Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000748268

Entity Tax Identification Number 88-0490034

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 15 Ave. Munoz Rivera

Entity Address, Address Line Two Ste 2200

Entity Address, City or Town San Juan

Entity Address, Country PR

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 00901

City Area Code (833)

Local Phone Number 373-3228

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value $0.001

Trading Symbol RCAT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://redcat.red/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
rcat-20250410.xsd 
rcat-20250410_lab.xml 
rcat-20250410_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-003905-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000748268 

2025-04-10 
2025-04-10 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000748268 
8-K 
2025-04-10 
Red Cat Holdings, Inc. 
NV 
001-40202 
88-0490034 
15 Ave. Munoz Rivera 
Ste 2200 
San Juan 
PR 
00901 
(833) 
373-3228 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.001 
RCAT 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>