<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-023403.txt : 20250313
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-023403.hdr.sgml : 20250313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250313060606
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-023403
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		28
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250312
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEXTNAV INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001865631
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEARCH, DETECTION, NAVIGATION, GUIDANCE, AERONAUTICAL SYS [3812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40985
		FILM NUMBER:		25733681

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11911 FREEDOM DRIVE
		STREET 2:		STE 200
		CITY:			RESTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20190
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-775-0982

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11911 FREEDOM DRIVE
		STREET 2:		STE 200
		CITY:			RESTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20190

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Spartacus Acquisition Shelf Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210603
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>nn-20250312.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?nn-20250312.htm

0001865631false00018656312025-03-122025-03-120001865631nn:WarrantsEachToPurchaseOneShareOfCommonStockMember2025-03-122025-03-120001865631nn:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-03-122025-03-12

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 12, 2025

NEXTNAV INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 

001-40985 

87-0854654

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

11911 Freedom Drive, Ste. 200 

Reston, Virginia20190 

20190

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code:(800) 775-0982

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

NN 

Nasdaq Capital Market

Warrants, each to purchase one share of Common Stock 

NNAVW 

Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

1

Item 1.01Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Note Purchase Agreement

On March 12, 2025, NextNav Inc. (the Company or NextNav) entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the NPA) among the Company and certain purchasers named therein, including M-Cor Capital, LLC, the investment arm of the Milken Family Office (M-Cor Capital), funds managed by affiliates of Fortress Investment Group LLC (Fortress), a 10% or greater stockholder of the Company, and an entity affiliated with Neil S. Subin, a director of the Company (the Purchasers), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell to the Purchasers, in a private placement (the Private Placement), pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and Regulation D promulgated thereunder, (a) $190 million in aggregate principal amount of its 5.00% Senior Secured Convertible Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes) and (b) certain common stock purchase warrants (the Warrants) to purchase shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock). 

The Private Placement is expected to close on or about March 31, 2025 (the Closing Date). The Company expects to receive gross proceeds of $190 million in the Private Placement. The Company intends to use a portion of the net proceeds from the Private Placement to redeem all of its $70 million aggregate principal amount of 10% Senior Secured Notes due 2026 (the Existing Notes). The Company will provide a conditional notice to redeem the Existing Notes at 101% of the principal amount of the Existing Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, conditioned upon the closing of the Private Placement.

Indenture and Security Agreement

On the Closing Date, the 2028 Notes will be issued at an issue price of 100% of their principal amount pursuant to an indenture (the Indenture), among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company named therein as notes guarantors (the Guarantors) and GLAS Trust Company, LLC, as trustee and notes collateral agent (GLAS Trust). The Guarantors will agree, jointly and severally, to unconditionally guarantee the due and punctual payment of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the 2028 Notes. The 2028 Notes will be secured under a security agreement(the Security Agreement), among the Company, the Guarantors and GLAS Trust.

The 2028 Notes will be issued in an aggregate principal amount of $190 million. The 2028 Notes will bear interest at an annual rate of 5.00% and mature on June 30, 2028. Interest on the 2028 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on each of June 1 and December 1, commencing on June 1, 2025. If at any time on or after six months from the Closing Date, the Company fails to timely make certain required filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), the Company is obligated to pay additional interest amounts on the 2028 Notes of up to 0.50% per annum, until such filings are made or the 2028 Notes are otherwise freely tradeable under Rule 144 (Rule 144) under the Securities Act. Additionally, if the 2028 Notes are not otherwise freely tradable under Rule 144 by holders other than the Companys affiliates (or holders that were the Companys affiliates at any time during the three months preceding) as of the 380th day after the date of issuance, the Company is obligated to pay additional interest amounts on the 2028 Notes of up to 0.50% per annum until the 2028 Notes are freely tradeable under Rule 144 by holders other than the Companys affiliates (or holders that were the Companys affiliates at any time during the three months preceding).

The Company may redeem the 2028 Notes, in whole or in part, at any time on or after the one year anniversary of the Closing Date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of such 2028 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption if the last reported sale price of Common Stock is greater than or equal to 160% of the conversion price for the 2028 Notes then in effect for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any 30 consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption to holders of the 2028 Notes.

In the event of certain non-ordinary course asset sales, including sales of certain intellectual property or spectrum licensed by the Federal Communications Commission to the Company or its subsidiaries, the Company must make a mandatory repurchase offer for a portion of the 2028 Notes outstanding with the proceeds of such sale, at a price equal to 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Notes subject to such repurchase, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of the repurchase, subject to certain thresholds and limitations set forth in the Indenture.

Holders may convertsome or all of the 2028 Notes at any time into a number of shares of Common Stock equal to (i) the sum of the then-outstanding principal amount of 2028 Notes to be converted plus all accrued and unpaid interest to the date of the conversion divided by (ii) the then-applicable conversion price(the Conversion Shares).

In the event of a Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture), each holder has the right, at such holders option and subject to the limitations set forth in the Indenture, to require the Company to repurchase for cash all of such holders 2028 Notes in an amount equal to the greater of (i) the then outstanding principal amount of 2028 Notes held, plus all accrued and unpaid interest to such date and (ii) the consideration each holder of 2028 Notes would have received if such holder had converted the 2028 Notes into Common Stock immediately prior to such Fundamental Change.

2

The Indenture contains customary covenants limiting the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to (i) incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; (ii) pay dividends or distributions on, or redeem or repurchase, capital stock; (iii) make certain investments or other restricted payments; (iv)sell assets; (v) enter into transactions with affiliates; or (vi) merge or consolidate or sell all or substantially all of their assets. These covenants are subject to a number of important and significant limitations, qualifications and exceptions. The Indenture also contains customary events of default.

The obligations of the Company under the 2028 Notes will be, subject to certain customary exceptions, secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company and the Guarantors.

Warrants

Pursuant to the NPA, the Company is obligated to issue Warrants to M-Cor Capital and Fortress on the Closing Date to purchase an aggregate of7,800,000 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares),with exercise prices ranging from $12.56 to $20.00 per share.

Exercise of the Warrants is subject to a beneficial ownership limitation of 4.9% of Common Stock, except with respect to holders who own more than 4.9% of Common Stock as of immediately prior to the Closing Date or holders who subsequently elect to terminate such 4.9% limitation upon not less than 61 days prior written notice to the Company. Exercise of the Warrants will not be permitted to the extent such exercise, taken together with the exercise of all of the Warrants, would cause the Company to have issued more than 19.9% of Common Stockoutstanding on the business day immediately prior to the issuance date of the Warrants.

Registration Rights Agreement

The Company has agreed to file a registration statement under the Securities Act registering the Warrants, Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares within 35calendar days of the Closing Date; and the Company has agreed to cause any such registration statement to be declared effective within five business days of notification by the SEC that it does not intend to review such registration statement, or within five business days of the resolution of all comments from the SEC with respect to such registration statement.

The foregoing descriptions of theNPA, Indenture, Security Agreement, Warrants and Registration Rights Agreement are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the NPA, Form of Indenture, Form of Security Agreement, Form of Warrant and Form of Registration Rights Agreement, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4 and 10.5, respectively, hereto and are incorporated by reference herein.

Item 2.03Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information provided in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Current Report) is incorporated by reference in this Item 2.03.Item 3.02Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information provided in Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated by reference in this Item 3.02.The 2028 Notes and the Warrants were offered and will be sold in reliance upon exemptions from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder.The 2028 Notes and the Warrants werenot registeredunder theSecurities Actor any state securities laws and may not be offered or sold absent registration under theSecurities Act, or pursuant to an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of theSecurities Actand applicable state securities laws.

3

Item 7.01Regulation FD Disclosure.

On March 12, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the execution of the NPA and the Private Placement and certain terms thereof. A full text of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report and is incorporated herein by reference.

The information provided in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, is being furnished and not filed for the purpose of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. The information provided in this Item 7.01, including the Exhibit attached hereto, is not incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.

Cautionary Note RegardingForward-LookingStatements

ThisCurrentReport contains certainforward-looking statementswithin the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company and its management team. Investors are cautioned that any suchforward-looking statementsspeak only as of the date they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in theforward-looking statementsas a result of various factors. In particular, the parties may not be able to complete the Private Placement within the expected timeframe or at all for any reason. Important risk factors regarding NextNav can be foundin Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors of the Companys quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, as well as those otherwise described or updated from time to time in our other filings with the SEC. Furthermore, NextNav undertakes no obligation to update any written or oralforward-looking statementsor publicly announce any updates or revisions to any of theforward-looking statementscontained herein, to reflect any change in its expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions, circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements, except as required by law.Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)Exhibits

Exhibit 

Description

10.1 

Note Purchase Agreement, dated March 12, 2025, by and amongNextNav Inc. and the purchasers named therein.

10.2 

Form of Indenture.

10.3 

Form of Security Agreement.

10.4 

Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock of NextNav Inc.

10.5 

Form of Registration Rights Agreement.

99.1 

Press Release of NextNav Inc. dated March 12, 2025.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act. A copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit will be furnished to the SEC upon request.

4

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

NEXTNAV INC.

Date: 

March 13, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Christian D. Gates

Name: Christian D. Gates

Title: Chief Financial Officer

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>nn-20250312_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>DEFINITION
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>nn-20250312_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>PRESENTATION
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.CAL
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>nn-20250312_cal.xml
<DESCRIPTION>CALCULATION
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>nn-20250312_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>LABEL
<TEXT>
Entity Ex Transition Period 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Security Exchange Name 

Trading Symbol 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Soliciting Material 

Written Communications 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Local Phone Number 

City Area Code 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity File Number 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Registrant Name 

Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 

Document Type 

Statement [Line Items] 

Warrants, each to purchase one share of Common Stock 

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Class of Stock [Domain] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 

Statement [Table] 

Cover [Abstract]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>nn-20250312.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>SCHEMA
<TEXT>
0000 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:calculationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex991_6.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

NextNav Announces $190 Million of 5% Redeemable Senior Secured,Convertible Transaction

New Investment Led by M-Cor Capital, LLC and Fortress Investment Group

Existing 10% Senior Secured Notes to be Redeemed

RESTON, Va., March 12, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) NextNav Inc. (the "Company" or NextNav) [NASDAQ: NN], a leader in next-generation positioning, navigation, and timing (PNT) and 3D geolocation, today announced it had entered into a purchase agreement for the sale of $190 million of 5% redeemable senior secured convertible notes (the New Notes). The New Notes will mature on June 30, 2028, and approximately $70 million of the proceeds from this issuance will be used to redeem NextNavs existing 10% Senior Secured Notes due December 1, 2026 (the 10% Notes) and pay accrued interest. The New Notes transaction was led by M-Cor Capital, LLC, the investment arm of the Milken Family Office (M-Cor Capital), funds managed by affiliates of Fortress Investment Group (Fortress or Fortress funds) (collectively, the Lead Investors), and other new and existing investors.

We are pleased to announce the signing of a note purchase agreement for a private offering of $190 million new convertible notes led by M-Cor Capital and Fortress, said Mariam Sorond, CEO of NextNav. This transaction strengthens our financial position, enabling us to invest in our technology, pursue our growth objectives and create long-term stockholder value as we pursue the Companys mission to enable a widescale terrestrial PNT solution working with standards-based 5G infrastructure and device providers. We look forward to collaborating with the teams at new investor M-Cor, and Fortress, a pre-existing and substantial long-term shareholder in the company, as well as our other new and existing backers. 

The US GPS system is the worlds best, but our nation needs a back-up system and the need for widescale terrestrial PNT solutions is clear. NextNavs vision and technology promise to deliver a rapid and cost-effective approach to scaling resilient PNT solutions while also adding low-band spectrum for 5G, said Josh Lobel, CEO of M-Cor Capital. 

Fortress first invested in NextNav in January 2020 where we led a round to deploy geolocation-based services for an emergency responder z axis solution, said Drew McKnight, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Managing Partner, Fortress. We later participated in the PIPE as part of NextNav going public and are excited to invest alongside Josh and the M-Cor team as NextNav works to solve a critical infrastructure issue with a backup to GPS while improving the US 5G ecosystem.

Transaction Details

The New Notes will have a conversion price of $12.56 per share, based on a 20% premium to the trailing 10-day closing price average prior to March 11, 2025. The New Notes may not be redeemed for one year, after which New Notes will be redeemable if the closing price of NextNav common stock is greater than 160% of the New Notes conversion price, for at least 20 days during any consecutive 30 day trading period. Conversion will be at the option of the noteholder. 

The Company will provide a conditional notice to redeem the existing 10% Notes at 101% of the principal amount of the existing notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, conditioned upon the closing of the transaction. The transaction is expected to close on or about March 31, 2025.

At closing, each of M-Cor and Fortress will receive warrants to purchase 1.5 million shares of NextNav common stock exercisable at $20 per share, warrants to purchase 950 thousand shares of common stock at an exercise price of $17 per share, and warrants to purchase 1.45 million shares at an exercise price of $12.56 per share. 

The New Notes and the warrants were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or any state securities laws and may not be offered or sold absent registration under the Securities Act, or pursuant to an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. Neither this press release, nor anything contained herein, shall constitute a notice of redemption with respect to the 10% Notes.

About Fortress Investment Group

Fortress Investment Group LLC is a leading, highly diversified global investment manager. Founded in 1998, Fortress manages $49.0 billion of assets under management as of September 30, 2024, on behalf of over 2,000 institutional clients and private investors worldwide across a range of credit and real estate, private equity and permanent capital investment strategies.

About NextNav 

NextNav Inc. (Nasdaq: NN) is a leader in next-generation positioning, navigation and timing (PNT), enabling a whole new ecosystem of applications and services that rely upon 3D geolocation and PNT technology. Powered by low-band licensed spectrum, NextNavs positioning and timing technologies deliver accurate, reliable, and resilient 3D PNT solutions for critical infrastructure, GPS resiliency and commercial use cases. 

For more information, please visit https://nextnav.com/ or follow NextNav on X at https://x.com/NextNav or LinkedIn at https://www.linkedin.com/company/nextnav/. 

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including without limitation, statements about the maturity date of the New Notes, the redemption of the 10% Notes, the benefit of the transaction to NextNav, and the closing date of the transaction. These forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. These risks include, but are not limited to, those related to the Companys ability to complete the transactions on the proposed terms or on the anticipated timeline, or at all. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release, and the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in its expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. Readers are directed to the Companys periodic and other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) for a description of such risks and uncertainties. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. In evaluating those statements, you should specifically consider various factors, including the risks and uncertainties discussed in the Companys Annual and Quarterly Reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and in other reports the Company files with the SEC. Actual events or the Companys actual results may differ materially from the forward-looking statements.

Source: NN-FIN 

Investor Contact:

IR@nextnav.com 

Media Contact: 

NNmedia@nextnav.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex105_5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.5
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

RESALEREGISTRATIONRIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS RESALE REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, dated as of [___], 2025 (this Agreement), has been entered into by and among NextNav Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the Purchasers (as defined below).

BACKGROUND

In connection with the Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March [____], 2025 (the Purchase Agreement), by and among the Company and the purchasers named therein (the Purchasers), pursuant to which, among other things, the Company agreed to issue to (i) the Purchasers 5.00% Senior Secured Convertible Notes due 2028 (the Notes), which will be convertible into Conversion Shares (as defined below), pursuant to that certain indenture, dated as of [____], 2025, by and among the Company, the guarantors party thereto and GLAS Trust Company LLC, as trustee and notes collateral agent (the Indenture), and (ii) to certain of the Purchaserscommon stock purchase warrants exercisable for shares of the Common Stock (the Warrants), the Company has agreed to provide to the Purchasers certain resale registration rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (together, the SecuritiesAct), and applicable state securities laws with respect to the Conversion Shares, the Warrants and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants.

AGREEMENT

In light of the above, the Company and the Purchasers hereby agree as follows:

Definitions.

As used in this Agreement, the following terms will have the respective meanings set forth in this Section1:

Advice has the meaning set forth in Section 2(c)(iv). 

Business Day means (i) a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market, (ii) if the Common Stock is not listed on any Trading Market, a day on which the Common Stock is quoted in the over-the-counter market as reported by the National Quotation Bureau Incorporated (or any similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices) or (iii) in the event that the Common Stock is not listed or quoted as set forth in (i) and (ii) hereof, any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in The City of New York are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to remain closed. 

Commission means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor agency. 

CommonStock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share.

Company has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

1

DiscontinuanceNotice has the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Closing has the meaning set forth in the Purchase Agreement. 

Conversion Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the terms of the Notes.

EffectiveDate means, with respect to any Registration Statement, the date on which the Commission first declares effective such Registration Statement. 

Effectiveness Deadline means, with respect to a Registration Statement filed pursuant to Section2(a), (x) if such Registration Statement is subject to Commission review, then the fifth (5th) Business Day following the resolution or clearance of all Commission comments to the Registration Statement, or (y) if the Commission informs the Company that it does not intend to review such Registration Statement, then the fifth (5th) Business Day following such notification.

EffectivenessPeriod has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a). 

ExchangeAct means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

FilingDeadline means (i) with respect to Registrable Securities issued on the Closing, the thirty-fifth (35th) calendar day after the Closing, and (ii) with respect to any additionalRegistration Statements that may be required to be filed by the Company pursuant to thisAgreement, the date on which the Company was required to file such additional RegistrationStatement pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

FINRA means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. or any successor organization performing similar functions. 

Holder or Holders means the holder or holders, as the case may be, from time to time of Registrable Securities. 

Indemnified Party has the meaning set forth in Section 5(c). 

IndemnifyingParty has the meaning set forth in Section5(c). 

Indenture has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Losses has the meaning set forth in Section5(a).

Notes has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

2

Prospectus means the prospectus included in a Registration Statement (including, without limitation, any preliminary prospectus, any free-writing prospectus and any prospectus that includes any information previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective Registration Statement under the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to such prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such prospectus. 

PurchaseAgreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Purchasers has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Registrable Securities means, the Warrants,any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and the Conversion Shares. RegistrableSecurities also includes any shares of capital stock or other securities issued or issuable with respect to the foregoing as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event or otherwise. As to any particular Registrable Securities, such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities when (i) the Commission has declared a Registration Statement covering such securities effective and such securities have been disposed of pursuant to such effective Registration Statement; (ii) such securities are sold under circumstances in which all of the applicable conditions of Rule 144 under the Securities Act are met and/or the legend restricting further transfer has been removed from the certificate for such securities; (iii) such securities are no longer outstanding or (iv) such securities are no longer beneficially owned by any of the Purchasers or any affiliate (as such term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Purchasers or an assignee or transferee entitled to the rights under this Agreement pursuant to an assignment or transfer of such rights in accordance with Section 6(e) hereof. 

Registration Statement means a registration statement filed pursuant to the terms hereof and which covers the resale by the Holders, including the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to such registration statement or Prospectus, including pre- and post-effective amendments, all exhibits thereto and all material incorporated by reference (or deemed to be incorporated by reference) therein. For the avoidance of doubt,RegistrationStatement means the initial registration statement described above in this paragraph and any additional registration statement or registration statements that are needed to sell additional Registrable Securities with the effect that the obligations of the Company under this Agreement also extend to such additional registration statement or registration statements, in all cases, as specified in this Agreement. 

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule. 

Rule 415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule. 

SecuritiesAct has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

3

SellingHolderQuestionnaire has the meaning set forth in Section 2(c)(i). 

Subsequent Form S-3 has the meaning set forth in Section 3(m). 

SuspensionNotice has the meaning set forth in Section 2(b).

SuspensionPeriod has the meaning set forth in Section 2(b). 

Trading Market means whichever of the NYSE American, New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market, Nasdaq Global Select Market or such other United States registered national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question. 

Warrants has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

2. Registration.

(a)MandatoryRegistration. On or prior to the applicable Filing Deadline, the Company will prepare and file with the Commission one or more Registration Statements covering the resale of all Registrable Securities for an offering to be made on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415. Each Registration Statement will be on Form S-3 (except if the Company is not then eligible to register for resale the Registrable Securities on Form S-3, in which case such registration will be on Form S-1, and if for any reason the Company is not then eligible to register for resale the Registrable Securities on Form S-1, then another appropriate form for such purpose)and will contain (except if otherwise required pursuant to written comments received from the Commission upon a review of such Registration Statement) a Plan of Distribution section, substantially in the form attached hereto as Annex A, as the same may be amended in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to promptly respond to any and all comments received from the Commission with respect to any Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to cause each Registration Statement to be declared effective under the Securities Act as soon as possible after filing but, in any event, no later than the Effectiveness Deadline, and will use its reasonable best efforts to keep each Registration Statement (or a Subsequent Form S-3) continuously effective under the Securities Act until such date when all Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement cease to be Registrable Securities as determined by the counsel to the Company (the EffectivenessPeriod).

(b)SuspensionPeriods. Notwithstanding Section 2(a), the Company may, at any time, delay the filing or delay or suspend the effectiveness of a Registration Statement or, without suspending such effectiveness, deliver a notice (a Suspension Notice) that instructs any selling Holders not to sell any securities included in the Registration Statement or delay the filing of any amendment or supplement pursuant to Section 3, by providing written notice to the selling Holders if (i) a material event has occurred or is likely to occur with respect to the Company that has not been publicly disclosed and either (x) the Company has a bona fide business purpose for preserving the confidentiality of such transaction or (y) if disclosed, could reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the Company and its ability to consummate the registration of the resale of the Registrable Securities, in each case under circumstances that would make it impractical or inadvisable to cause the Registration Statement (or such filings) to become effective or to promptly amend or supplement the Registration Statement on a post effective basis, as applicable, or (ii) the Company determines that the offer or sale of Registrable Securities would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on any proposal or plan by the Company or any subsidiary to engage in any material financing, acquisition, corporate reorganization, recapitalization, merger, tender offer or other transaction involving the Company (a Suspension Period), by providing the selling Holders with written notice of such Suspension Period and the reasons therefor. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to provide such notice at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the commencement of such a Suspension Period; provided, however, that in any event the Company will provide such notice no later than the commencement of such Suspension Period; provided, further, that in no event will a Suspension Period exceed 45 days and in no event shall the total number of days subject to a Suspension Period during any consecutive 12-month period exceed 90 days. Any Suspension Period will not be deemed to end until the Holders have received a notice from the Company stating that such Suspension Period has ended.

4

(c)HoldersAgreements. It will be a condition of each Holders rights under this Agreement, and each Holder agrees, as follows:

(i)Cooperation & Selling Holder Questionnaire. Such Holder will cooperate with the Company by, with reasonable promptness, supplying information and executing documents relating to such selling Holder or the securities of the Company owned by such selling Holder in connection with such registration which are customary for offerings of this type or is required by applicable laws or regulations, including but not limited to furnishing to the Company a completed questionnaire in the form attached to this Agreement as Annex B (a Selling Holder Questionnaire). The Company will not be required to include the Registrable Securities of a Holder in a Registration Statement to any Holder who fails to furnish to the Company a fully completed Selling Holder Questionnaire at least five (5) Business Days prior to the applicable Filing Deadline.

(ii)Undertakings. Such selling Holder will enter into any undertakings and take such other action relating to the conduct of the proposed offering which the Company may reasonably request as being necessary to insure compliance with federal and state securities laws and the rules or other requirements of FINRA.

(iii)Shelf Sales. In connection with and as a condition to the Companys obligations with respect to any shelf Registration Statement, each Holder covenants and agrees that it will not offer or sell any such Registrable Securities under a Registration Statement until such Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission and such Holder has provided a written notice to the Company of such proposed sale. The Company and the Holders acknowledge and agree that in no way shall this clause limit Holders ability to sell securities without using such Registration Statement.

(iv)Discontinuance of Sales. Each Holder agrees by its acquisition of such Registrable Securities that, upon receipt of a Suspension Notice or a Discontinuance Notice from the Company, such Holder will forthwith discontinue any offers and sales of such Registrable Securities under a Registration Statement until such Holders receipt of the copies of the supplemented Prospectus and/or amended Registration Statement or until it is advised in writing (the Advice) by the Company that the use of the applicable Prospectus may be resumed, and, in either case, has received copies of any additional or supplemental filings that are incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus or Registration Statement. The Company and the Holders acknowledge and agree that in no way shall this clause limit Holders ability to sell securities without using such Registration Statement.

(d)PiggybackRegistrations.

(i)Without limiting any obligation of the Company and subject to the provisions of this Section 2(d), if (i) there is not an effective Registration Statement covering all of the Registrable Securities, if the Prospectus contained therein is not available for use, or if Rule 144 is not available with respect to the Registrable Securities without any volume and manner of sale restrictions under Rule 144 and (ii) the Company shall determine to prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement or offering statement relating to an offering for its own account or the account of others under the Securities Act of any of its equity securities (other than (A) on Form S-4 or Form S-8 (each as promulgated under the Securities Act) or their then equivalents relating to equity securities to be issued solely in connection with any acquisition of any entity or business (or a business combination subject to Rule 145 under the Securities Act) or equity securities issuable in connection with the Companys stock option or other employee benefit plans, (B) for a dividend reinvestment or similar plan or rights offering or (C) for an offering of debt that is not convertible into equity securities of the Company) (a Piggyback Registration), then the Company shall deliver to each Holder a written notice of such determination and, if within ten (10) days after the date of the delivery of such notice, any such Holder shall so request in writing, the Company shall include in such Registration Statement or offering statement all or any part of the Registrable Securities that such Holder requests to be registered on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company included in such offering and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof; provided, however, the Company shall not be required to register any Registrable Securities pursuant to this Section 2(d) that are the subject of a then-effective Registration Statement. The inclusion of any Holders Registrable Securities in a Piggyback Registration relating to an underwritten offering shall be subject to such Holder agreeing to enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the managing underwriters, including representations, warranties or agreements regarding such Holder, such Holders title to the Registrable Securities, such Holders intended method of distribution and any other representations to be made by the Holder as are generally prevailing in agreements of that type, and such Holder shall complete and execute all questionnaires, powers of attorney and other documents reasonably requested by the managing underwriters and required under the terms of such underwriting agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may postpone or withdraw the filing or the effectiveness of a Piggyback Registration at any time in its sole discretion.

5

(ii)If a Piggyback Registration is an underwritten primary registration on behalf of the Company, and the managing underwriters advise the Company in writing that in their opinion the number of securities requested to be included in such registration exceeds the number which can be sold in such offering without adversely affecting the marketability, proposed offering price, timing or method of distribution of the offering, the Company will include in such registration (A) first, the securities the Company proposes to sell, (B) second, the Registrable Securities requested to be included in such registration by any Holder which, in the opinion of such underwriters, can be sold, without any such adverse effect, pro rata among such Holders on the basis of the number of Registrable Securities owned by each such Holder and (C) third, other securities requested to be included in such registration which, in the opinion of the underwriters, can be sold without any such adverse effect.

(iii)If a Piggyback Registration relates to a secondary underwritten registration on behalf of other holders of the Companys securities, and the managing underwriters advise the Company in writing that in their opinion the number of securities requested to be included in such registration exceeds the number which can be sold in such offering without adversely affecting the marketability, proposed offering price, timing or method of distribution of the offering, the Company will include in such registration (A) first, the securities requested to be included therein by the holders initially requesting such registration and the Registrable Securities requested to be included in such registration by any other Holder which, in the opinion of such underwriters, can be sold, without any such adverse effect, pro rata among such holders initially requesting such registration and such Holders on the basis of the number of Registrable Securities owned by each such Holder and (B) second, other securities requested to be included in such registration which, in the opinion of the underwriters, can be sold without any such adverse effect.

3. RegistrationProcedures.

In connection with the Companys obligations to effect a registration pursuant to Section 2(a), the Company and, as applicable, the Holders, will use its reasonable best efforts to do the following:

(a)FINRA Cooperation. The Company and the Holders will cooperate and assist in any filings required to be made with FINRA with respect to any Registration Statement.

(b)RighttoReviewPriorDrafts. Not less than five (5) Business Days prior to the filing of a Registration Statement or any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, the Company will furnish to each Holder copies of the Selling Securityholders and Plan of Distribution sections of such documents (together with drafts of the Registration Statement or any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto) in the form in which the Company proposes to file them, which sections and documents will be subject to the review of each such Holder. Each Holder will provide comments, if any, within two (2) Business Days after the date such materials are provided. The Company will not file a Registration Statement, any Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto in which the Selling Securityholders or the Plan of Distribution sections thereof differ in any material respect from the disclosure received from a Holder in its Selling Holder Questionnaire (as amended or supplemented) or otherwise differ in any material respect from the drafts previously received by such Holder.

(c)Right to Copies. The Company will furnish to each Holder, without charge, (i) at least one (1) conformed copy of each Registration Statement and each amendment thereto and all exhibits to the extent requested by such Holder (excluding those previously furnished or incorporated by reference) promptly after the filing of such documents with the Commission, except if such documents are available on EDGAR; and (ii) as many copies of each Prospectus or Prospectuses (including each form of prospectus) and each amendment or supplement thereto as such Holder may reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method or methods of disposition thereof. The Company hereby consents to the use of such Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto by each of the selling Holders in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by such Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto.

6

(d)Notices. The Company will notify each Holder covered by the applicable Registration Statement as promptly as reasonably practicable: (A) when the Prospectus or any prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, and with respect to the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective; (B) of any request by the Commission for any amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or for additional information; (C) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose; (D) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose; (E) of the happening of any event which it believes may make any statement made in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any document incorporated therein by reference untrue, or of any material misstatement or omission, and which requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any document incorporated therein by reference in order to make the statements therein not misleading; (F) upon the occurrence of a Suspension Period (items (C) through and including (F) being a DiscontinuanceNotice); and (G) upon the conclusion of a Suspension Period.

(e)Withdrawal of Suspension Orders. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to respond as promptly as reasonably possible to any comments received from the Commission with respect to any Registration Statement or any amendment thereto (and the Holders shall cooperate to resolve any such comments promptly with respect to the selling securityholder information contained therein, to the extent applicable to such Holders) and to obtain the withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the suspension of the qualification of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, or to prevent any such suspension.

(f)Supplements & Amendments. Subject to Section 2(a), if required by applicable federal securities laws, based on the advice of the Companys counsel, the Company will prepare a supplement or post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement, the related Prospectus or any document incorporated therein by reference or file any other required document or, if necessary, renew or refile a Registration Statement prior to its expiration, so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of the Registrable Securities, (A) the Prospectus will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (B) such Registration Statement remains continuously effective as to the applicable Registrable Securities for its applicable Effectiveness Period; (C) the related Prospectus may be supplemented by any required prospectus supplement, and as so supplemented may be filed pursuant to Rule 424 and (D) the Prospectus will be supplemented, if necessary, to update the disclosure of the number of shares that each Holder intends to sell, reflecting prior resales in accordance with guidance of the staff of the Commission (as such guidance may be substituted for, amended or supplemented by the staff of the Commission after the date of this Agreement). Furthermore, subject to a Holders compliance with its obligations under Section2(c)(i), the Company will take such actions as are required to name such Holder as a selling Holder in a Registration Statement or any supplement thereto and to include (to the extent not theretofore included) in such Registration Statement the Registrable Securities identified in such Holders Selling Holder Questionnaire.

(g)Listing. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to cause all Registrable Securities covered by each Registration Statement to be listed on each securities exchange on which identical securities issued by the Company are then listed if so required by the rules of such exchange and, if not so listed, to be approved for listing on the national securities exchange on which the Companys Common Stock is then listed.

(h)TransferAgent&Registrar. The Company will provide and cause to be maintained a transfer agent and registrar for all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement from and after a date not later than the Effective Date of such Registration Statement.

7

(i)Certificates. The Company will cooperate with the Holders to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of any certificates representing Registrable Securities to be delivered to a transferee pursuant to any Registration Statement, which certificates will be free of all restrictive legends, and to enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations and registered in such names as any such Holders may reasonably request.

(j)CUSIPs. The Company, if necessary, will use its best efforts to provide a CUSIP number for the Registrable Securities, not later than the Effective Date of the applicable Registration Statement.

(k)Legal Counsel. Holders will have the right to select one legal counsel, at the Companys expense pursuant to Section 4, to review, on behalf of such Holders, any Registration Statement or Prospectus prepared pursuant to Section2 or this Section3, which will be such counsel as designated by the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities then outstanding. The Company will reasonably cooperate with such legal counsels reasonable requests in performing their obligations under this Agreement.

(l)Blue Sky. If at any time the Registrable Securities are not Covered Securities within the meaning of Rule 146 of the Securities Act, the Company will, prior to any public offering of Registrable Securities, use its reasonable best efforts to register or qualify or cooperate with the selling Holders in connection with the registration or qualification (or exemption from such registration or qualification) of such Registrable Securities for offer and sale under the securities or blue sky laws (Blue Sky) of all jurisdictions within the United States that the selling Holders request in writing be covered, to keep each such registration or qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective during the applicable Effectiveness Period and to do any and all other acts or things necessary or advisable to enable the disposition in such jurisdictions of the Registrable Securities covered by any Registration Statement; provided, that the Company will not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified. to become subject to any material tax in any such jurisdiction where it is not then so subject or take any action that would subject it to general service of process in any such jurisdiction where it is not then so subject.

(m)Subsequent Form S-3. If, at the time of filing of a Registration Statement, the Company is not eligible to use Form S-3 for transactions involving secondary offerings and the Company is not otherwise eligible to incorporate by reference prospectively into such Registration Statement, then at such time as the Company becomes eligible to register transactions involving secondary offerings on Form S-3, the Company may, in its sole discretion, file in accordance with the procedures outlined in this Section 3, including but not limited to all required notices to the Holders, an additional Registration Statement on Form S-3 to cover resales pursuant to Rule 415 of the Registrable Securities (a Subsequent Form S-3), and, when such Subsequent Form S-3 has been filed with the Commission, the Company may, concurrently with its filing of a request for acceleration of effectiveness of such Subsequent Form S-3, withdraw or terminate the original Registration Statement; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 3(m) will be interpreted to limit the Companys obligations pursuant to Section 2(a).

4. RegistrationExpenses.

All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with this Agreement by the Company will be borne by the Company whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement including, without limitation: (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses (A) with respect to filings required to be made with any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, (B) related to compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws and (C) incurred in connection with the preparation or submission of any filing with FINRA); (ii) printing expenses (including, without limitation, expenses of printing certificates for Registrable Securities and of printing Prospectuses); (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses; (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company and one counsel to the Holders pursuant to Section3(k) in an amount not to exceed $75,000 for any Registration Statement; (v) Securities Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance; (vi) fees and expenses of all other persons retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (vii) all of the Companys own internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder; provided, however, that each selling Holder will pay (i) all underwriting discounts, commissions, fees and expenses and all transfer taxes with respect to the Registrable Securities sold by such selling Holder; (ii) any fees and expenses of legal counsel other than counsel pursuant to Section 3(k) and (iii) all other expenses incurred by such selling Holder and incidental to the sale and delivery of the shares to be sold by such Holder.

8

5. Indemnification.

(a)Indemnification by the Company. The Company will, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, indemnify and hold harmless each Holder, the officers, directors, partners, members and shareholders of each Holder and each person who controls any such Holder (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) and the directors and officers of any such controlling persons, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable costs of preparation and reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively, Losses), as incurred, arising out of or based upon, in the case of a Registration Statement or in any amendments thereto, any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained therein or any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein to make the statements not misleading, or in the case of any Prospectus or form of prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto, or in any preliminary prospectus, any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained therein or any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statements or omissions are made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of any Holder expressly for use in such Registration Statement.

(b)Indemnification by Holders. Each Holder will, severally and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, officers, partners, members and shareholders and each person who controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) and the directors and officers of such controlling person, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law from and against all Losses, as incurred, arising solely out of or based upon, in the case of a Registration Statement or in any amendments thereto, any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained therein or any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein to make the statements not misleading, or in the case of any Prospectus or form of prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto, or in any preliminary prospectus, any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained therein or any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statements or omissions are made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of any Holder expressly for use in such Registration Statement or Prospectus; provided, however, that the obligation to indemnify will be several and not joint. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5, no Holder will be liable pursuant to this Section 5(b), in the aggregate, for any amount in excess of the amount by which the proceeds actually received by such Holder from the sale of the Registrable Securities subject to the Proceeding exceeds the amount of any damages that such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.

(c)Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings. In order for a person or entity (the Indemnified Party) to be entitled to any indemnification provided for under this Agreement in respect of, arising out of or involving a claim or demand made by any person or entity against the Indemnified Party (a Claim), such Indemnified Party must notify the indemnifying party (Indemnifying Party) in writing, and in reasonable detail, of the Claim as promptly as reasonably possible after receipt by such Indemnified Party of notice of the Claim; provided, however, that failure to give such notification on a timely basis shall not affect the indemnification provided hereunder except to the extent the Indemnifying Party shall have been actually materially prejudiced as a result of such failure. Thereafter, the Indemnified Party shall deliver to the Indemnifying Party, promptly after the Indemnified Partys receipt thereof, copies of all notices and documents (including court filings and related papers) received by the Indemnified Party relating to the Claim.

9

If a Claim is made against an Indemnified Party, the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to participate in the defense thereof and, if it so chooses and acknowledges its obligation in writing to indemnify the Indemnified Party therefor, to assume at its cost the defense thereof with counsel selected by the Indemnifying Party and reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and to settle such suit, action, claim or proceeding in its discretion with an unconditional full release of the Indemnified Party and no admission of fault, liability, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of the Indemnified Party. Notwithstanding any acknowledgment made pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence, the Indemnifying Party shall continue to be entitled to assert any limitation to the amount of Losses for which the Indemnifying Party is responsible pursuant to its indemnification obligations. Should the Indemnifying Party so elect to assume the defense of a Claim, the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable to the Indemnified Party for legal expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnified Party in connection with the defense thereof unless (i) the Indemnifying Party has materially failed to defend, contest or otherwise protest in a timely manner against Claims or (ii) such Indemnified Party reasonably objects to such assumption on the grounds that there are defenses available to it which are different from or in addition to the defenses available to such Indemnifying Party and, as a result, a conflict of interest exists. Subject to the limitations in the preceding sentence, if the Indemnifying Party assumes such defense, the Indemnified Party shall have the right to participate in the defense thereof and to employ counsel, at its own expense, separate from the counsel employed by the Indemnifying Party, it being understood, however, that the Indemnifying Party shall control such defense. The Indemnifying Party shall be liable for the fees and expenses of counsel employed by the Indemnified Party for any period during which the Indemnifying Party has not assumed the defense thereof. If the Indemnifying Party chooses to defend any Claim, all the parties hereto shall cooperate in the defense or prosecution of such Claim. Such cooperation shall include the retention and (upon the Indemnifying Partys request) the provision to the Indemnifying Party of records and information which are reasonably relevant to such Claim, and making employees available on a mutually convenient basis to provide additional information and explanation of any material provided hereunder. Whether or not the Indemnifying Party shall have assumed the defense of a Claim, the Indemnified Party shall not admit any liability with respect to, or settle, compromise or discharge, such Claim without the Indemnifying Partys prior written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld).

The obligations of the Company and the Holders under this Section 5 shall survive completion of any offering of Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement and the termination of this Agreement. The Indemnifying Partys liability to any such Indemnified Party hereunder shall not be extinguished solely because any other Indemnified Party is not entitled to indemnity hereunder.

(d)Contribution. If a claim for indemnification under Section 5(a) or 5(b) is unavailable to an Indemnified Party (by reason of public policy or otherwise), then each Indemnifying Party, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Party, will contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such Losses, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of such Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party will be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by, such Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses will be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 5(c), any reasonable attorneys or other reasonable fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any Proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in Section 5(a) or 5(b) was available to such party in accordance with its terms. The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 5 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 5. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5, no Holder will be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the proceeds actually received by such Holder from the sale of the Registrable Securities subject to the Proceeding exceeds the amount of any damages that such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person or entity who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

10

(e)Other. The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Section 5 are in addition to any liability that the Indemnifying Parties may have to the Indemnified Parties.

6. Miscellaneous.

(a)Notices. All notices or other communications hereunder will be in writing and will be given by (i) personal delivery, (ii) courier or other delivery service which obtains a receipt evidencing delivery, (iii) registered or certified mail (postage prepaid and return receipt requested) or (iv) email or similar electronic device, to such address as may be designated from time to time by the relevant party, and which will initially be:

(i)in the case of theCompany:

NextNav Inc. 

1911 Freedom Dr., Ste. 200

Reston, VA 20190

Attn: Christian Gates

Email:

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

K&L Gates LLP

599 Lexington Avenue

New York, NY 10022

Attn: Robert S. Matlin and Jonathan M. Barron

E-Mail: 

(ii)in the case of the Holders:

To each Holder at the address specified on such Holders Selling Holder Questionnaire

All notices and other communications will be deemed to have been given (i) if delivered by the United States mail, three (3) Business Days after mailing (five (5) Business Days if delivered to an address outside of the United States), (ii) if delivered by a courier or other delivery service, one (1) Business Day after dispatch (two (2) Business Days if delivered to an address outside of the United States) and (iii) if personally delivered or sent by email or similar electronic device, upon receipt by the recipient or its agent or employee (which, in the case of a notice sent by email or similar electronic device, will be the time of transmission, except that, if not sent during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). No objection may be made by a party to the manner of delivery of any notice actually received in writing by an authorized agent of such party. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, a Holder, by written request to the Company, may notify the Company that it does not wish to be notified of any registrations or offerings pursuant to this Agreement, in which case, after receipt of such notice, the Company shall not notify such Holder of such registrations or offerings until such Holder, by written notice, revokes such request.

11

(b)Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Trial; etc. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of New York. Each party hereby agrees that any dispute based on or arising out of, under or in connection with this Agreement or any course of conduct, course of dealing, statements or actions or omissions of any party hereto relating to this Agreement shall be litigated in and must be brought in any state and federal courts sitting in New York County, State of New York. Each party irrevocably submits to the personal jurisdiction of such courts, and waives any objection they may have concerning the venue or convenience of such forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, each party may commence any action or proceeding to enforce any judgment obtained against another party in compliance with the foregoing provisions in any appropriate jurisdiction or court. Each party hereby irrevocably waives any right it may have, and agrees not to request, a jury trial for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection with or arising out of this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby.

(c)Termination. This Agreement shall terminate and be void and of no further force and effect, and all rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall terminate without any further liability on the part of any party in respect thereof, upon the earlier to occur of (a) with respect to any Purchaser(s), on such date as no Registrable Securities remain outstanding or beneficially owned by such Purchaser(s) or (b) the dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company.

(d)Holdback. In connection with any underwritten offering pursuant to a Piggyback Registration in which a Holder participates, such Holder will enter into a customary lock-up, holdback or similar agreement, if requested by the managing underwriter(s) of such offering, during the ten (10) days prior and the ninety-day (90) period beginning on the date of pricing of such offering (or such lesser period as agreed to by the managing underwriter(s)) and otherwise in a form consistent with the terms applicable to the other participants in such offering. Any such lock-up, holdback or similar agreement shall contain terms no more adverse in any material respect compared to similar agreements entered into with the Company and its directors and executive officers as well as holders of at least 5% of Common Stock. The Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to any Common Stock subject to the restrictions set forth in this Section 6(d) until the expiration of the lock-up period. Any such lock-up agreement shall provide that if any party to a similar lock-up is released from its lock-up agreement, in part or in full, all other lock-up parties shall be released on the same terms and to the same extent.

(e)Restrictions on Transfer. The rights under this Agreement shall be assignable by each Purchaser to any transferee of all or any portion of the Registrable Securities if: (i) such transferee or assignee is an affiliate (as such term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of such Purchaser; (ii) such Purchaser agrees in writing with the transferee or assignee to assign such rights, and a copy of such agreement is furnished to the Company within a reasonable time after such assignment, (iii) the Company is furnished with written notice of (a) the name and address of such transferee or assignee, and (b) the securities with respect to which such registration rights are being transferred or assigned, and (iv) at or before the time the Company receives the written notice contemplated in clause (iii) of this sentence, the transferee or assignee agrees in writing with the Company to be bound by all of the provisions contained herein as applicable to a Purchaser. In the event that the Company receives written notice from a Purchaser that it has transferred all or any portion of its Registrable Securities pursuant to this Section 6(e) and such Holder has complied with clauses (i) through (iv) of the preceding sentence, the Company shall have up to ten (10) Business Days to file any amendments or supplements necessary to keep a Registration Statement current, effective and available for the resale of all of the Registrable Securities pursuant to Rule 415. The Company shall not assign this Agreement (or any rights or obligations hereunder) without the prior written consent of a majority of the Holders of Registrable Securities then outstanding.

12

(f)Remedies. In the event of a breach by the Company of its obligations under this Agreement, each Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement.

(g)CompleteAgreement;Modifications. This Agreement and any documents referred to herein or executed contemporaneously herewith constitute the parties entire agreement with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all agreements, representations, warranties, statements, promises and understandings, whether oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be amended, altered or modified only by a writing signed by the Company and the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities then outstanding.

(h)AdditionalDocuments. Each party hereto agrees to execute any and all further documents and writings and to perform such other actions which may be or become necessary or expedient to effectuate and carry out this Agreement.

(i)Third-PartyBeneficiaries. None of the provisions of this Agreement will be for the benefit of, or enforceable by, any third-party beneficiary, except with respect to the Holders.

(j)SuccessorsandAssigns. Except as provided herein to the contrary, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties, their respective successors and permitted assigns.

(k)Waivers Strictly Construed. With regard to any power, remedy or right provided herein or otherwise available to any party hereunder (a) no waiver or extension of time will be effective unless expressly contained in a writing signed by the waiving party and (b) no alteration, modification or impairment will be implied by reason of any previous waiver, extension of time, delay or omission in exercise, or other indulgence.

(l)Severability. The validity, legality or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement will not be affected even if one or more of the provisions of this Agreement will be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect.

(m)Attorneys Fees. Should any litigation be commenced (including any proceedings in a bankruptcy court) between the parties hereto or their representatives concerning any provision of this Agreement or the rights and duties of any person or entity hereunder, the party or parties prevailing in such proceeding will be entitled, in addition to such other relief as may be granted, to the attorneys fees and court costs incurred by reason of such litigation.

(n)Headings. The Section headings in this Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience, and in no way define, limit, extend or interpret the scope of this Agreement or of any particular Section.

(o)Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

13

(p)Electronic Delivery. This Agreement, the agreements referred to herein, and each other agreement or instrument entered into in connection herewith or therewith or contemplated hereby or thereby, and any amendments hereto or thereto, to the extent executed and delivered by means of a photographic, photostatic, facsimile or similar reproduction of such signed writing using a facsimile machine or electronic mail will be treated in all manner and respects as an original agreement or instrument and will be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original manually signed version thereof delivered in person. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in this Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or electronic records, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. No party hereto or to any such agreement or instrument will raise the use of a facsimile machine or electronic mail to deliver a signature or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated through the use of a facsimile machine or electronic mail as a defense to the formation or enforceability of a contract and each such party forever waives any such defense.

[SIGNATURE PAGES TO FOLLOW]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Resale Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

NEXTNAV INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Resale Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

NAME OF PURCHASER:

By: 

Name:

Title:

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO RESALE REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT]

16

Annex A

PLANOFDISTRIBUTION

We are registering the Securities covered by this prospectus on behalf of the Selling Securityholders. All costs, expenses and fees connected with the registration of these Securities will be borne by us. Any brokerage commissions and similar expenses connected with selling the Securities will be borne by the Selling Securityholders. The Selling Securityholders may offer and sell the Securities covered by this prospectus from time to time in one or more transactions. The term SellingSecurityholders includes pledgees, donees, transferees and other successors-in-interest who may acquire Securities through a pledge, gift, partnership distribution or other non-sale related transfer from the Selling Securityholders. The Selling Securityholders will act independently of the Company in making decisions with respect to the timing, manner and size of each sale. These transactions include:

through one or more underwriters or dealers in a public offering and sale by them, whether individually or through an underwriting syndicate led by one or more managing underwriters;

in at the market offerings within the meaning of Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act, to or through a market maker or into an existing trading market, on an exchange or otherwise;

directly to a limited number of purchasers or to a single purchaser;

through agents;

by delayed delivery contracts or by remarketing firms;

ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker solicits purchasers;

purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealerfor its own account pursuant to this prospectus;

exchange or over-the-counter distributions in accordance with the rules of the exchange or other market;

block trades in which the broker-dealer attempts to sell the Securities as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction;

transactions in options, swaps or other derivatives that may or may not be listed on an exchange;

a combination of any such method of sale; or

any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law.

A-1

In connection with distributions of the Securities or otherwise, the Selling Securityholders may:

sell the Securities:

in negotiated transactions;

in one or more transactions at a fixed price or prices, which may be changed from time to time;

at market prices prevailing at the times of sale;

at prices related to such prevailing market prices; or

at negotiated prices;

sell the Securities:

on a national securities exchange;

in the over-the-counter market; or

in transactions otherwise than on an exchange or in the over-the-counter market, or in combination;

sell the Securities short and/or deliver the Securities to close out short positions;

enter into option or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions which require the delivery to them of Securities covered by this prospectus, which they may in turn resell; and

pledge Securities to broker-dealers or other financial institutions, which, upon a default, they may in turn resell.

The Selling Securityholders may also resell all or a portion of the Securities in open market transactions in reliance upon Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as permitted by that rule, Section 4(a)(1) under the Securities Act, if available, or any other exemption from the registration requirements that become available, rather than under this prospectus.

A-2

If underwriters are used in the sale of any Securities, such Securities will be acquired by the underwriters for their own account and may be resold from time to time in one or more transactions described above. Securities may be either offered to the public through underwriting syndicates represented by managing underwriters or directly by underwriters. We may use underwriters with whom we have a material relationship. As applicable, we will describe in each accompanying prospectus supplement the name of the underwriter(s) and the nature of any such relationship(s).

If a dealer is used in an offering of Securities, the dealer may purchase the securities, as principal. The dealer may then resell the Securities to the public at varying prices to be determined by the dealer at the time of sale.

Securities may be sold directly or through agents designated from time to time. We will name any agent involved in the offering and sale of such shares and we will describe any commissions paid to the agent in the prospectus supplement. Unless the prospectus supplement states otherwise, the agent will act on a best-efforts basis for the period of its appointment.

Underwriters, dealers and agents may be entitled to indemnification by us against certain civil liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, or to contribution with respect to payments made by the underwriters, dealers or agents, under agreements between us and the underwriters, dealers and agents.

Underwriters who participate in the distribution of Securities may be granted an option to purchase additional Securities in connection with the distribution.

Underwriters, dealers or agents may receive compensation in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from us or our purchasers, as their agents in connection with the sale of securities. These underwriters, dealers or agents may be considered to be underwriters under the Securities Act. As a result, discounts, commissions or profits on resale received by the underwriters, dealers or agents may be treated as underwriting discounts and commissions. Each accompanying prospectus supplement will identify any such underwriter, dealer or agent and describe any compensation received by them from us. Any initial public offering price and any discounts or concessions allowed or re-allowed or paid to dealers may be changed from time to time.

In connection with sales of Securities, the Selling Securityholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of Securities in the course of hedging in positions they assume. The Selling Securityholders may also sell Securities short and the Selling Securityholders may deliver Securities covered by this prospectus to close out short positions and to return borrowed Securities in connection with such short sales. The Selling Securityholders may also loan or pledge Securities to broker-dealers that in turn may sell such Securities, to the extent permitted by applicable law. The Selling Securityholders may also enter into option or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or the creation of one or more derivative securities which require the delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of Securities offered by this prospectus, which Securities such broker-dealer or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction).

The Selling Securityholders may, from time to time, pledge or grant a security interest in some or all of the Securities owned by them and, if they default in the performance of their secured obligations, the pledgees or secured parties may offer and sell the Securities from time to time pursuant to this prospectus or any amendment to this prospectus under Rule 424(b)(3) or other applicable provision of the Securities Act, amending, if necessary, the list of Selling Securityholders to include the pledgee, transferee or other successors in interest as Selling Securityholders under this prospectus. The Selling Securityholders may also transfer and donate Securities in other circumstances in which case the transferees, donees, pledgees or other successors in interest will be the selling beneficial owners for purposes of this prospectus.

Any underwriter may engage in over-allotment transactions, stabilizing transactions, short-covering transactions and penalty bids in accordance with Regulation M under the Exchange Act of 1934.

Underwriters, broker-dealers or agents who may become involved in the sale of Securities may engage in transactions with, and perform other services for, us in the ordinary course of their business for which they receive compensation.

A-3

In effecting sales, the Selling Securityholders may engage broker-dealers or agents, who may in turn arrange for other broker-dealers to participate. Broker-dealers or agents may receive commissions, discounts or concessions from the Selling Securityholders and/or from the purchasers of Securities for whom the broker-dealers may act as agents or to whom they sell as principal, or both. The compensation to a particular broker-dealer may be in excess of customary commissions. To our knowledge, there is currently no plan, arrangement or understanding between any Selling Securityholders and any broker-dealer or agent regarding the sale of any Securities by the Selling Securityholders.

The Selling Securityholders, any broker-dealers or agents and any participating broker- dealers that act in connection with the sale of the Securities covered by this prospectus may be underwriters under the Securities Act with respect to those Securities and will be subject to the prospectus delivery requirements of that Act. Any profit that the Selling Securityholders realize, and any compensation that any broker-dealer or agent may receive in connection with any sale, including any profit realized on resale of Securities acquired as principal, may constitute underwriting discounts and commissions. If the Selling Securityholders are deemed to be underwriters, the Selling Securityholders may be subject to certain liabilities under statutes including, but not limited to, Section 11, 12 and 17 of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5 under the Exchange Act.

The securities laws of some states may require the Selling Securityholders to sell the Securities in those states only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers. These laws may also require that we register or qualify the Securities for sale in those states unless an exemption from registration and qualification is available and the Selling Securityholders and we comply with that exemption. In addition, the anti-manipulation rules of Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 may apply to sales of Securities in the market and to the activities of the Selling Securityholders and their affiliates. Regulation M may restrict the ability of any person engaged in the distribution of the Securities to engage in market-making activities with respect to the Securities. All of the foregoing may affect the marketability of the Securities and the ability of any person to engage in market-making activities with respect to the Securities.

If any Selling Securityholder notifies us that he has entered into any material arrangement with a broker-dealer for the sale of Securities through a block trade, special offering, exchange distribution, over-the-counter distribution or secondary distribution, or a purchase by a broker or dealer, we will file any necessary supplement to this prospectus to disclose:

the number of Securities involved in the arrangement;

the terms of the arrangement, including the names of any underwriters, dealers or agents who purchase Securities, as required;

the proposed selling price to the public;

any discount, commission or other underwriting compensation;

the place and time of delivery for the Securities being sold;

any discount, commission or concession allowed, reallowed or paid to any dealers; and

any other material terms of the distribution of Securities.

In addition, if the Selling Securityholder notifies us that a donee, pledgee, transferee or other successor-in interest of the Selling Securityholder intends to sell more than 500 securities, we will file a supplement to this prospectus, if required.

A-4

Annex B

NEXTNAVINC.

SELLINGSECURITYHOLDERNOTICEANDQUESTIONNAIRE

The undersigned beneficial owner of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock) and/or securities, of NextNav Inc. (the Company) understands that the Company has filed or intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a Registration Statement for the registration and resale of the Registrable Securities, in accordance with the terms of the Resale Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of [], 2025 (the Resale Registration Rights Agreement), among the Company and the Purchasers (as defined therein). A copy of the Resale Registration Rights Agreement is available from the Company upon request at the address set forth below. All capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein will have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Resale Registration Rights Agreement.

The undersigned hereby provides the following information to the Company and represents and warrants that such information is accurate:

1.Name.

(a)Full Legal Name of Selling Securityholder

(b)Full Legal Name of Registered Holder (if not the same as (a) above) through which Registrable Securities Listed in Item 3 below are held:

(c)Full Legal Name of Natural Control Person (which means a natural person who directly or indirectly alone or with others has power to vote or dispose of the securities covered by the questionnaire):

2.Address for Notices to Selling Securityholder:

Name:

Address:

Telephone:

Email:

Contact Person:

3.BeneficialOwnershipofRegistrableSecurities:

(a)Type and Amount of Registrable Securities Beneficially Owned:

B-1

4.Broker-DealerStatus:

(a)Are you a broker-dealer? 

Yes No 

Note: If yes, the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

(b)Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer?

Yes No 

(c)If you are an affiliate of a broker-dealer, do you certify that you bought the Registrable Securities in the ordinary course of business, and at the time of the purchase of the Registrable Securities to be resold, you had no agreements or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Registrable Securities?

Yes No 

Note: If no, the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

5.BeneficialOwnership ofOtherSecuritiesoftheCompany Ownedby theSellingSecurityholder.

Except as set forth below in this Item 5, the undersigned is not the beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the Company other than the Registrable Securities listed above in Item 3.

Type and Amount of Other Securities Beneficially Owned by the Selling Securityholder:

B-2

6.RelationshipswiththeCompany:

Except as set forth below, neither the undersigned nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders (owners of 5% of more of the equity securities of the undersigned) has held any position or office or has had any other material relationship with the Company (or its predecessors or affiliates) during the past three years.

State any exceptions here: 

The undersigned agrees to promptly notify the Company of any inaccuracies or changes in the information provided herein that may occur subsequent to the date hereof and prior to the Effective Date for the Registration Statement.

By signing below, the undersigned consents to the disclosure of the information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 6 and the inclusion of such information in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus. The undersigned understands that such information will be relied upon by the Company in connection with the preparation or amendment of the Registration Statement and the related prospectus.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused this Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either in person or by its duly authorized agent.

Dated:Beneficial Owner:

By:

Name:

Title:

PLEASE EMAIL A COPY OF THE COMPLETED AND EXECUTED NOTICE ANDQUESTIONNAIRETOTHE COMPANYPURSUANTTOTHENOTICEPROVISIONOFTHEREGISTRATIONRIGHTSAGREEMENT

B-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex104_4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS WARRANT, AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE THEREOF, HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE ACT OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN A FORM REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE ACT OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

NEXTNAV INC.

FORM OF

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

No. W-[_____]

Issue Date: April [], 20251

Holder: [MCC Steer LLC / MCC Coyote LLC] / [Fortress Investment Group]

Initial Exercise Date: [_____]

Initial Warrant Shares: [_____]

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received the holder named above or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after [the Initial Exercise Date specified above (the Initial Exercise Date)]2 / [the earlier of (i) the Initial Exercise Date specified above, (ii) in the case of a public announcement of a transaction that, if consummated, would constitute a Change of Control, the date of such announcement and (iii) in the case of any other Change of Control, five (5) Business Days prior to the consummation of such Change of Control(such earlier date, the Initial Exercise Date)]3 and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on December 31, 2028(the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from NextNav Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to the number of Initial Warrant Shares set forth above (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) ofCommon Stock. The purchase price of one share ofCommon Stockunder this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined inSection 2(b).

Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed.

1To be the closing date of transaction.

2Applicable tovested warrants.

3Applicable to unvested warrants.

1

[Capital Stock means, for any entity, any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or other equivalents of or interests in (however designated) stock issued by that entity.]4

[Change of Control means any of the following occurs:

(a)a person or group within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, other than the Company, its Subsidiaries and the employee benefit plans of the Company and its Subsidiaries, files a Schedule TO or any schedule, form or report under the Exchange Act disclosing that such person or group has become the direct or indirect beneficial owner, as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, of the Companys Common Equity representing more than 50% of the voting power of all classes of the Companys Common Equity;

(b)the consummation of(A) any recapitalization, reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than changes resulting from a subdivision or a combination) as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities, other property or assets;(B) any share exchange, consolidation or merger of the Company pursuant to which the Common Stock will be converted into cash, securities or other property or assets; or (C) any sale, lease or other transfer in one transaction or a series of transactions of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person other than one of the Companys Wholly Owned Subsidiaries; provided, however, that a transaction described in clause (B) in which the holders of all classes of the Companys Common Equity immediately prior to such transaction own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of all classes of the Common Equity of the continuing or surviving corporation or transferee or the parent thereof immediately after such transaction in substantially the same proportions as such ownership immediately prior to such transaction pursuant to this clause (b); or

(c)the Common Stock (or other common stock underlying the Notes) ceases to be listed or quoted on any of The New York Stock Exchange, The Nasdaq Global Select Market, The Nasdaq Global Market or The Nasdaq Capital Market (or any of their respective successors).]5

[Common Equity of any Person means Capital Stock of such Person that is generally entitled (a) to vote in the election of directors of such Person or (b) if such Person is not a corporation, to vote or otherwise participate in the selection of the governing body, partners, managers or others that will control the management or policies of such Person.]6

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Distribution Fair Market Value means, with respect to any security or other property, the fair market value of such security or other property as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company in good faith (provided, that if such security or property has a value of $50 million or more, the Board of Directors determination shall be based on the advice of a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm retained by the Company for this purpose), evidenced by a certified resolution of the fair market value from the Board of Directors of the Company delivered as promptly as practicable to the Holder; provided, that in the event that the Company shall set a record date for any distribution by the Company on shares of Common Stock of property or securities, other than securities of the Company, which become publicly traded upon completion of the distribution, then the Distribution Fair Market Value of such securities shall be the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices on the five Trading Days immediately following the effective date of such distribution. For the avoidance of doubt, the Distribution Fair Market Value of cash shall be the amount of such cash.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock (or other security for which a closing sale price must be determined) on any date means the closing sale price per share (or if no closing sale price is reported, the average of the bid and ask prices or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average bid and the average ask prices) on that date as reported in composite transactions for the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock (or such other security) is traded. If the Common Stock (or such other security) is not listed for trading on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange on the relevant date, the Last Reported Sale Price shall be the last quoted bid price for the Common Stock (or such other security) in the over-the-counter market on the relevant date as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. or a similar organization. If the Common Stock (or such other security) is not so quoted, the Last Reported Sale Price shall be the fair market value of the Common Stock (or such other security) as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company and the Holder, acting in good faith. If the Board of Directors of the Company and the Holder are unable to agree on the fair market value of the Common Stock (or such other security) within a reasonable period of time, the Last Reported Sale Price shall be the fair market value of the Common Stock (or such other security) as determined by a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm selected by the Company for this purpose. The Last Reported Sale Price shall be determined without regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours.

4Applicable to unvested warrants.

5Applicable to unvested warrants.

6Applicable to unvested warrants.

2

Note Indenture means that certain indenture, by and among the Company, the guarantors party thereto and GLAS Trust Company LLC, as trustee and collateral agent, in the form attached as Exhibit A to the Purchase Agreement.

Notes means the 5.00% Senior Secured Convertible Notes issued by the Company pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Purchase Agreement means that certain note purchase agreement, dated as of March [], 2025, among the Company and the purchasers named therein.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

[Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, association, partnership or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting power of shares of Common Stock or other interests (including partnership interests) entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers, general partners or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by (i) such Person; (ii) such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person; or (iii) one or more Subsidiaries of such Person.]7

Trading Day means a day on which (i) trading in the Common Stock (or other security for which a closing sale price must be determined) generally occurs on The Nasdaq Capital Market or, if the Common Stock (or such other security) is not then listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock (or such other security) is then listed or, if the Common Stock (or such other security) is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common Stock (or such other security) is then traded and (ii) a Last Reported Sale Price for the Common Stock (or closing sale price for such other security) is available on such securities exchange or market; provided that if the Common Stock (or such other security) is not so listed or traded, Trading Day means a Business Day.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the NYSE American or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Warrants means this Warrant and other Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company to the Holder pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

[Wholly Owned Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any Subsidiary of such Person, except that, solely for purposes of this definition, the reference to more than 50% in the definition of Subsidiary shall be deemed replaced by a reference to 100%.]8

7Applicable to unvested warrants.

8Applicable to unvested warrants.

3

2. Exercise.

(a)Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form attached hereto as Annex A (the Notice of Exercise). Subject to the terms of this Section 2, in the event that this Warrant has not been exercised in full as of the last Trading Day before the Termination Date and, if and only if the Exercise Price is less than the Last Reported Sale Price as of such date, this Warrant shall be deemed to be automatically exercised in full by the Holder as of such last Trading Day on a cashless basis pursuant to the cashless exercise provisions in Section 2(d). Within the earlier of (i) two Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined inSection 2(c)(i)herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise, at its option, (x) by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank, in either case in immediately available funds or (y) by cashless exercise as set forth in Section 2(d). No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

(b)Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant (the Exercise Price) means $[____], subject to adjustment hereunder.

(c)Mechanics of Exercise.

(i) Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise.The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by (A) crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with the Transfer Agent, or (B) if requested by the Holder, by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise, in each case by the date that is the latest of (i) two Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that the Company shall have received payment of the aggregate Exercise Price within the earlier of (i) two Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of the delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

(ii) Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares remaining available under this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

4

(iii) Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant toSection 2(c)(i)by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

(iv) Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions ofSection 2(c)(i)above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any failure solely due to any action or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver, but did not timely deliver, to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue by (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Warrant Shares with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Warrant Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

(v) No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Last Reported Sale Price on the last Trading Day ending prior to the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise (the Exercise Date), or round up to the next whole share.

(vi) Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the assignment form attached hereto as Annex B (the Assignment Form) duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees of the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

5

(vii) Absent a change in applicable law after the date hereof, each of the Holder and the Company acknowledges that, for U.S. federal (and applicable state and local) income tax purposes:

(A)The Company shall, on or prior to May 15, 2025, propose to each Holder the amount deemed paid for and allocable to the Warrants for U.S. federal (and applicable state and local) income tax purposes (the Proposed Warrant Value). If no Holder objects in writing within fifteen (15) days after receiving the Proposed Warrant Value, it will be deemed conclusive and binding upon the Company and the Holders. If any Holder objects in writing to the Proposed Warrant Value within fifteen (15) days of when it was proposed, the Holders and the Company shall cooperate in good faith to reach an agreed upon allocation by June 1, 2025; provided, that if the Company and the Holders cannot agree to the Warrant Value (as defined below) by such date, the Company shall instruct an advisor reasonably acceptable to the Holders (the Independent Advisor) to determine the Warrant Value within thirty (30) days after its retention and the determination of the Independent Advisor shall be conclusive and binding upon the parties. The costs and expenses of the Independent Advisor (to the extent reasonably incurred in accordance with the terms of the engagement) shall be paid equally by the Holders and the Company. The final allocation, as determined pursuant to this Section 2(c)(vii)(A), shall be referred to herein as the Warrant Value. For the avoidance of doubt, the Warrant Value shall not be binding on theHolders and the Company for financial reporting purposes or any other purpose other than U.S. federal (and applicable state and local) income tax purposes; and

(B)any cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(d) shall be treated as a recapitalization pursuant to Section 368(a)(1)(E) of the Code (clauses (A)-(B) collectively, the Intended Tax Treatment).

The parties hereto shall not take any position for U.S. federal (and applicable state and local) income tax purposes inconsistent with the Intended Tax Treatment except to the extent otherwise required by a change in applicable law or a determination within the meaning of Section 1313(a) of the Code.

(d)Cashless Exercise. In lieu of paying the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer of immediately available funds pursuant to Section 2(a), the Holder may elect to exercise the purchase rights represented by this Warrant by authorizing the Company to withhold and not issue to the Holder, in payment of the Exercise Price thereof, a number of such Warrant Shares equal to the quotient of (i) the product of (A) number of Warrant Shares for which the Warrant is being exercised, multiplied by (B) the Exercise Price, divided by (ii) the Last Reported Sale Price on the Exercise Date (and such withheld Warrant Shares will no longer be issuable under the Warrant, and the Holder will not have any rights or be entitled to any payment with respect to such withheld Warrant Shares).

(e)Beneficial Ownership Limitations.

(i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein and subject toSection 2(e)(vi), the Holder will not be entitled to receive any Warrant Shares otherwise deliverable upon exercise of this Warrant to the extent, but only to the extent, that such receipt would cause the Holder to become, directly or indirectly, a Beneficial Owner of more than 4.9% of the Common Stock outstanding at such time on an aggregate basis; provided, that the Holder shall have the right to terminate the foregoing limitation upon not less than 61 days prior written notice to the Company; and providedfurther, however, the Holder will not be entitled to receive any Warrant Shares otherwise deliverable upon exercise of this Warrant to the extent, but only to the extent, that such receipt taken together with all exercises of Warrants No. W-1 and No. W-2 and conversions of the Notes into Common Stock, whether by the Holder or any other holder of the Warrants or Notes, would cause the Company to have issued more than 19.9% of the Common Stock outstanding on the Business Day immediately prior to the Issue Date on an aggregate basis (such restriction, as applicable, the Beneficial Ownership Limit).

6

(ii) For purposes of thisSection 2(e)only, the Holder shall be deemed the Beneficial Owner of and shall be deemed to beneficially own any Common Stock that the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) or associates (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) is deemed to beneficially own, together with any Common Stock beneficially owned by any other persons whose beneficial ownership would be aggregated with the Holder for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act. Subject to the following proviso, for purposes of thisSection 2(e)only, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder as in effect on the date hereof; provided that the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and associates and any other persons whose beneficial ownership would be aggregated with the Holder for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise or conversion of any of the Companys securities or rights to acquire the Common Stock, whether or not such securities or rights are currently exercisable or convertible or are exercisable or convertible only after the passage of time (including the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant in respect of which the beneficial ownership determination is being made), but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock that would be issuable upon (A) conversion of the remaining, unexercised portion of any Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or associates and any other persons whose beneficial ownership would be aggregated with the Holder for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and (B) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any of the Companys other securities subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or associates and any other persons whose beneficial ownership would be aggregated with the Holder for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act. For the avoidance of doubt, the term Beneficial Owner as used in thisSection 2(e)shall not include any holder of record of this Warrant or shares of Common Stock, any nominee of such holder of record, or any account holder of such holder of record or nominee, unless, in each case, such holder of record, nominee or account holder shall also be a Beneficial Owner of this Warrant or such shares of Common Stock.

(iii) Any purported delivery of Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant shall be void and have no effect to the extent, but only to the extent, that such delivery would result in the Holder becoming the Beneficial Owner of shares of Common Stock outstanding at such time in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limit.

(iv) When the Holder exercised this Warrant, the Holder must provide a certification to the Company as to whether the Holder receiving Warrant Shares upon exercise is, or would, as a result of such exercise, become the beneficial owner of shares of Common Stock outstanding at such time in excess of any Beneficial Ownership Limit then applicable to the Holder.

(v) If any delivery of Warrant Shares otherwise owed to the Holder upon exercise of this Warrant is not made, in whole or in part, as a result of the Beneficial Ownership Limit, the Companys obligation to make such delivery shall not be extinguished and, the Holder may either:

(A)request the return of the portion of the Warrant representing the undelivered Warrant Shares, after which such portion shall be available future exercise by the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Warrant; or

(B)certify to the Company that the Holder receiving Warrant Shares upon exercise is not, and would not, as a result of such delivery, become the Beneficial Owner of shares of Common Stock outstanding at such time in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limit, after which the Company shall deliver any such Warrant Shares withheld on account of such Beneficial Ownership Limit by the later of (i) the date such shares were otherwise due to the Holder and (ii) two Trading Days after receipt of such certification; provided, however, until such time as the Holder gives such notice, the Holder shall be deemed to be the shareholder of record with respect to the Warrant Shares otherwise deliverable upon conversion in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limit.

7

(vi) ThisSection 2(e) shall not restrict the number of shares of Common Stock which the Holder may receive or beneficially own pursuant to this Warrant in determining the amount of securities or other consideration that the Holder may receive in the event of a Fundamental Transaction.

(vii) The Company shall not effect any Dilutive Transaction (asdefined in the Note Indenture) that would result in holders of the Warrants or the Notes not beingable to exercise or convert, as applicable, such securities in full into shares of Common Stock(assuming the Holder has terminated the Beneficial Ownership Limit in the first clause ofSection 2(e)(i)) unless the Company has obtained shareholder approval as required by the listingstandards of The NASDAQ Global Select Market, The NASDAQ Global Market, The NASDAQCapital Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or any of their respective successors), asapplicable, of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, after which time theBeneficial Ownership Limit (other than the Beneficial Ownership Limit in the first clause ofSection 2(e)(i)) shall no longer apply.

3. Certain Adjustments. The Exercise Price and Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows; provided, that no single event shall cause an adjustment under more than one subsection of this Section 3so as to result in duplication.

(a)Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) effects a stock dividend, (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to thisSection 3(a)shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

(b)Distributions.

(i) If the Company shall fix a record date for the making of a dividend or other distribution (by spin-off or otherwise) on shares of Common Stock other than in cash, whether in other securities of the Company (including rights), evidences of indebtedness of the Company or any other Person or any other property (including securities or evidences of indebtedness of a subsidiary), or any combination thereof, excluding dividends or distributions subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 3(a), then in each such case, the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in full shall be increased by multiplying such number of Warrant Shares by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Last Reported Sale Price on such record date and the denominator of which is the Last Reported Sale Price on such record date less the Distribution Fair Market Value of the securities and/or any other property, as applicable, to be so paid or distributed in such dividend or distribution in respect of one share of Common Stock (in each case as of the record date of such dividend or distribution); such adjustment shall be effective as of the record date for such dividend or distribution. In the event of such adjustment, the Exercise Price shall immediately be decreased by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant in full immediately prior to such adjustment, and the denominator of which is the new number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant determined in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Distribution Fair Market Value of the securities and/or any other property, as applicable, to be so paid or distributed in such dividend or distribution in respect of one share of Common Stock (in each case as of the record date of such dividend or distribution) is equal to or greater than the Last Reported Sale Price on such record date, then proper provision shall be made such that upon exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall receive, in addition to the applicable Warrant Shares, the amount and kind of such securities and/or any other property such Holder would have received had such Holder exercised this Warrant immediately prior to such record date.

8

(ii) If the Company shall fix a record date for the making of a cash dividend or cash distribution on shares of Common Stock, the Exercise Price in effect prior thereto shall be reduced immediately thereafter by an amount equal to the per share amount of such cash dividend or cash distribution.

(iii) For purposes of the foregoing subsections 3(b)(i) and 3(b)(ii), in the event that such dividend or distribution in question is ultimately not so made, the Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant then in effect shall be readjusted, effective as of the date when the Board of Directors of the Company determines not to make such dividend or distribution, to the Exercise Price that would then be in effect and the number of Warrant Shares that would then be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant if such record date had not been fixed.

(c)Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of the outstanding equity securities of the Company having voting power, including the power to vote on the election of directors of the Company, are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their securities for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of the outstanding securities representing more than 50% of the aggregate voting power, including the power to vote on the election of directors of the Company, of the issued and outstanding equity securities of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires securities representing more than 50% of the aggregate voting power, including the power to vote on the election of directors of the Company, of the issued and outstanding equity securities of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company or any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) shall deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction). Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

9

(d)Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

(e)Notice to Holder.

(i) Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

(ii) Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, [or] (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company [or (F) the Company becomes aware of a Change of Control or pending transaction that, if and when consummated, would cause a Change of Control]9, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email or other address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least five (5) Trading Days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified [(or, in the case of a Change of Control, within five (5) Trading Days of the earlier of the public announcement of such transaction and the Company learning of such Change of Control or pending Change of Control)]10, a notice stating, to the extent known, (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer, [or] share exchange [or Change of Control]11 is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice.

4. Transfer of Warrant.

(a)Agreement to Comply with the Securities Act; Legend. The Holder, by acceptance of this Warrant, agrees to comply in all respects with the provisions of this Section 4 and the restrictive legend requirements set forth on the face of this Warrant and further agrees that such Holder shall not offer, sell or otherwise dispose of this Warrant or any Warrant Shares to be issued upon exercise hereof except under circumstances that will not result in a violation of the Securities Act. This Warrant and all Warrant Shares issued upon exercise of this Warrant (unless registered under the Securities Act) shall be stamped or imprinted with a legend in substantially the following form:

9Applicable to unvested warrants.

10Applicable to unvested warrants.

11Applicable to unvested warrants.

10

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS WARRANT, AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE THEREOF, HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT), OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE ACT OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN A FORM REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE ACT OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

(b)Removal of Legends. This Warrant and the Warrant Shares, as applicable, shall not be required to contain the legend set forth inSection 4(a)above or any other legend (i) if there is an effective registration statement registering the resale of the Warrant or the Warrant Shares, as applicable, provided that the Holder furnishes the Company with reasonable assurances that such Warrant or Warrant Shares, as applicable, will be resold only pursuant to an effective registration statement, (ii) following any sale of the Warrant or Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming the transferor is not an affiliate of the Company), provided that the Holder furnishes the Company with reasonable assurances that such Warrant or Warrant Shares are eligible for sale, assignment or transfer under Rule 144, which shall not include an opinion of the Holders counsel, (iii) in connection with a sale, assignment or other transfer (other than under Rule 144), provided that the Holder provides the Company with an opinion of counsel to the Holder, in a generally acceptable form, to the effect that such sale, assignment or transfer of the Warrant or Warrant Shares may be made without registration under the applicable requirements of the Securities Act or (iv) if such legend is not required or customarily included under applicable provisions of the Securities Act (including, without limitation, controlling judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the SEC). If a legend is not required pursuant to the foregoing, the Company shall no later than ten (10) Business Days following the delivery by the Holder to the Company of notice with respect to this Warrant or any Warrant Shares issued in the form of book-entries or, if applicable, a legended certificate representing any Warrant Shares (endorsed or with stock powers attached, signatures guaranteed, and otherwise in form necessary to affect the reissuance and/or transfer, if applicable), together with any other deliveries from the Holder as may be reasonably required above in thisSection 4(b)(such date, the Legend Removal Date), at the Companys option, either: (A) credit the applicable number of Warrant Shares to the Holders or its designees balance account or (B) issue and deliver (via reputable overnight courier) to the Holder, an updated form of this Warrant or a certificate representing Warrant Shares, as applicable, in the case of each of clauses (A) and (B) above, free from all restrictive and other legends, registered in the name of the Holder or its designee.

(c)Transfer Restrictions. During the first six (6) months following the Issue Date, the Holder may not transfer this Warrant or the Warrant Shares to be issued upon the exercise hereof. After the six (6) month anniversary of the Issue Date, the Holder may transfer the Warrants or Warrant Shares issued upon the exercise hereof, as applicable, provided that such Transfer is in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws.

(d)Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

5. Miscellaneous.

(a)No Rights as a Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth inSection 2(c)(i), except as expressly set forth inSection 2(e)and Section 3.

11

(b)Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it, and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

(c)Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, Etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be aTrading Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeedingTrading Day.

(d)Authorized Shares.

(i) The Company covenants that it will reserve from its authorized and unissuedCommon Stocka sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

(ii) The Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value and (ii) take such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant.

(e)Governing Law. This Warrant is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the law of the State ofDelaware, excluding any conflict-of-laws rule or principle that might refer the governance or the construction of this Warrant to the law of another jurisdiction.

(f)WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY WAIVES ITS RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS WARRANT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR OTHER LITIGATION OF ANY TYPE BROUGHT BY ANY OF THE PARTIES AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY OR PARTIES, WHETHER WITH RESPECT TO CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, OR OTHERWISE. EACH PARTY HEREBY AGREES THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE TRIED BY A COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, THE PARTIES FURTHER AGREE THAT THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IS WAIVED BY OPERATION OF THIS SECTION AS TO ANY ACTION, COUNTERCLAIM OR OTHER PROCEEDING WHICH SEEKS, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, TO CHALLENGE THE VALIDITY OR ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS WARRANT, OR ANY PROVISION HEREOF. THIS WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS WARRANT.

12

(g)Jurisdiction. Each of the Company and the Holder agrees that any dispute based on or arising out of, under or in connection with this Warrant or any course of conduct, course of dealing, statements or actions or omissions of any party hereto relating to this Warrant shall be litigated in and must be brought in the Delaware Court of Chancery or, in the case of claims to which the federal courts have jurisdiction, theUnited StatesDistrict Court for the District ofDelaware(and in the case of appeals, in the courts in which appeals from such courts are to be heard). Each of the Company and the Holder irrevocably submits to the personal jurisdiction of such courts, and waives any objection they may have concerning the venue or convenience of such forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, the Company or the Holder may commence any action or proceeding to enforce any judgment obtained against another party in compliance with the foregoing provisions in any appropriate jurisdiction or court.

(h)Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holder hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Company, at 11911 Freedom Drive, Ste. 200, Reston, Virginia 20190, Attention: Chief Financial Officer, email address: provided separately, or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holder. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to the Holder at the email address or address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email at the email address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the nextTrading Dayafter the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email at the email address set forth in this Section on a day that is not aTrading Dayor later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on anyTrading Day, (iii) the secondTrading Dayfollowing the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

(i)Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of anyCommon Stockor as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

(j)Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(k)Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by such Holder.

(l)Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

13

(m)Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

(n)Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

(o)Electronic Signatures. Signatures may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including.pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in this Warrant shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or electronic records, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. No party hereto will raise the use of a facsimile machine or electronic mail to deliver a signature or the fact that any signature was transmitted or communicated through the use of a facsimile machine or electronic mail as a defense to the formation or enforceability of a contract and each such party forever waives any such defense.

[Signature page follows]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

NEXTNAV INC.

By:

Name: 

Title: 

15

ANNEX A

EXERCISE FORM

(To be executed by the registered holder)

TO: NEXTNAVINC.

(1) The undersigned hereby elects to exercise the Warrant for _______Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the Warrant, subject to (check one): 

tendering herewith payment of the Exercise Price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any, with payment in lawful money of the United States; or

cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(d) of the Warrant.

(2) Please issue said Warrant Shares, or the net number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant pursuant to the cashless exercise provision of Section 2(d) of the Warrant, in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

A-1

ANNEX B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to:

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address: 

B-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex103_3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

SECURITYAGREEMENT

This Security Agreement (this SecurityAgreement), dated as of [__], 2025, is executed by NEXTNAV INC., a Delaware corporation (NextNav), and the subsidiaries of NextNav listed on the signature pages hereto (NextNav, such subsidiaries and any additional subsidiariesofNextNavthatjointhisSecurityAgreement from time to time, collectively with their permitted successors and assigns, the Companies and each a Company), in favor of GLAS Trust Company LLC, as collateral agent (together with its successors, the CollateralAgent) for each of the Holders of the Notes (as defined below) (collectively and together with their successors and assigns, together with the Collateral Agent, the SecuredParties).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, each Purchaser desires to purchase NextNavs5.00% Senior Secured Convertible Notes due 2028 (the Notes) to be issued pursuant to that certain indenture, dated as of [__], 2025, by and among NextNav, the guarantors party thereto, GLAS Trust Company LLC, as trustee, and the CollateralAgent(theIndenture);and

WHEREAS, in order to induce Secured Parties to purchase the Notes, the Companies have agreed to grant to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of itself and the Secured Parties the security interest in the Collateral described below to secure the obligations under the Notes and other Notes Documents (as defined below).

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the above recitals and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, each Company hereby agrees with the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties as follows:

1.Definitions and Interpretation. When used in this Security Agreement, the following terms have the following respective meanings:

Collateral has the meaning given to that term in Section 3 hereof. 

Obligations means all loans, advances, debts, liabilities and obligations owed by NextNav to Secured Parties now existing or hereafter arising under or pursuant to the terms of the Notesandbythe Companies under the Indenture, the Note Purchase Agreement or any other Notes Document, including in each case, all interest, fees, charges, expenses, costs chargeable to and payable by the Companies hereunder and thereunder, in each case, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, and whether or not arising after the commencement of a proceeding under Title 11 of the United States Code (11 U.S.C. Section 101 et seq.), as amended from time to time (including post-petition interest) and whether or not allowed or allowable as a claim in any such proceeding.

UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York from time to time.

All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given in the Indenture. Unless otherwise defined herein, all terms defined in the UCC have the respective meanings given to those terms in the UCC.

1

2.Pledge.As security for the payment, performance or other satisfaction of all the Obligations, each Company hereby pledges to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of itself and the Secured Parties and grants to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of itself and the Secured Parties a lien on and security interest in all right, title and interests of such Company in and to (whether now owned or hereafter acquired):

(a)all Equity Interests directly owned by it and any other Equity Interests obtained in the future by such Company and any certificates representing all such Equity Interests (all such Equity Interests, the Pledged Stock);

(b)any debt obligations issued to such Company and the certificate, promissory notes and any other instruments, if any, evidencing such debt obligations (the Pledged Debt);

(c)all payments of principal or interest, dividends, cash, instruments and other property from time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of, in exchange for or upon the conversion of, and all other Proceeds received in respect of the Pledged Stock and the Pledged Debt;

(d)all rights and privileges of such Company with respect to the Pledged Stock, Pledged Debt and other property referred to in clause (c) above; and

(e)all Proceeds of any of the foregoing (the Pledged Stock, Pledged Debt and other property referred to in this clause (e) and in clauses (c) and (d) above being collectively referred to as the Pledged Collateral).

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Security Agreement, each reference to Pledged Collateral or to any relevant type or item of property constituting Pledged Collateral shall be deemed to exclude any and all Excluded Assets; providedthat if and when any such item, category or type of property shall case to be Excluded Assets, such property shall be deemed at all times from and after such date to constitute Pledged Collateral.

Each Company agrees promptly to deliver or cause to be delivered to the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of itself and the Secured Parties)no later thanthe date that is forty-five (45) calendar days after the later of (i) the Issue Date and (ii)the date ofthe acquisition, creation or otherwise obtaining of such property, any and all certificates or other instruments (if any) representing such Pledged Collateral; provided that no Company shall be required to deliver any certificate, promissory note or other instrument if the value of the underlying debt obligation corresponding to such certificate, promissory note or other instrument is less than $50,000. To the extent any Pledged Debt is evidenced by a duly executed promissory note, such Company shall promptly cause such promissory note to be pledged and delivered to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of itself and the Secured Parties.

Upon delivery to the Collateral Agent (i) any Pledged Collateral required to be delivered pursuant to the immediately preceding paragraph shall be accompanied by stock powers or note powers, as applicable, duly executed in blank or other instruments of transfer reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, and by such other instruments and documents as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request and (ii) all other property comprising part of the Pledged Collateral delivered pursuant to the terms of this Security Agreement shall be accompanies to the extent necessary to perfect the security interest in or allow realization on the Pledged Collateral by proper instruments of assignment duly executed by the applicable Company and such other instruments or documents as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request.

As of the Issue Date, the Equity Interests in limited liability companies that are pledged by the Companies hereunder which do not have a certificate do not constitute a security under Section 8-103 of the UCC. The Companies shall at no time elect to treat any interest in any limited liability company or limited partnership controlled by a Company and pledged hereunder as a security within the meaning of Article 8 of the UCC or issue any certificate representing such interest, unless promptly thereafter (and in any event within fifteen (15) calendar days) the applicable Company provides notification to the Collateral Agent of such election and delivers, as applicable, any such certificate to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms hereof. In the event that a Company acquired Equity Interests after the Issue Date in any Person that is not controlled by a Company and such Equity Interests both constitute Pledged Collateral and are uncertificated securities under the meaning of Article 8 of the UCC, then such Pledgor shall promptly notify the Collateral Agent thereof (and in any event within five (5) Business Days) and, if requested by the Collateral Agent, such Company shall promptly (and in any event within fifteen (15) calendar days of such request) take or cause to be taken all actions requested by the Collateral Agent to have control within the meaning of Section 9-106 and 8-106 of the UCC, including without limitation, executing and delivering any agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, with securities intermediaries or other Persons in order to establish control.

2

3.Grant of Security Interest. As security for the payment, performance or other satisfaction of all the Obligations, each Company hereby pledges to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of itself and the Secured Parties and grants to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of itself and the Secured Parties a lien on and security interest in all right, title and interests of such Company in and to the property described in Attachment 1 hereto, whether now existing, or hereafterfromtimetotime acquired or arising and wherever now or hereafter located (collectively, the Collateral). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the term Collateral shall not include, and no Company is pledging, nor granting a security interest hereunder in, any Excluded Assets, provided,however, Collateral shall include, and each Company is pledging and granting a security interest hereunder in, proceeds of Excluded Assets and (ii) unless the context expressly requires otherwise, the representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Security Agreement shall not apply to the Excluded Assets. The Collateral Agents security interest in the Collateral is of a first priority, subject to Permitted Liens.

4.General Representations and Warranties. As of the date hereof, each Company represents and warrants to the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties that (a) such Company is the owner of the Collateral (or, in the case of after-acquired Collateral, at the time such Company acquires rights in the Collateral, will be the owner thereof) and that no other Person has (or, in the case of after-acquired Collateral, at the time such Company acquires rights therein, will have) any right, title, claim or interest (by way of Lien or otherwise) in, against or to the Collateral, subject to Permitted Liens; (b) upon the filing of a UCC-1 financing statement with the Secretary of State of the jurisdiction of organization of such Company (which is listed on Schedule B), the Collateral Agent for the benefit of itself and the Secured Parties has (or in the case of after-acquired Collateral, at the time such Company acquires rights therein, will have) a first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral to the extent that a security interest in the Collateral can be perfected by such filing, subject to Permitted Liens; (c) all inventory has been (or, in the case of hereafter produced inventory, will be) produced in material compliance with applicable laws, including the Fair Labor Standards Act; (d) all accounts receivable and payment intangibles are genuine and enforceable against the party obligated to pay the same; (e) the originals of all documents evidencing all accounts receivable and payment intangibles of Company and the only original books of account and records of such Company relating thereto are, and will continue to be, kept at the executive office of such Company set forth on ScheduleB or at such other locations as such Company may establish in accordance with Section 6(d), and (f) all information set forth in ScheduleA and ScheduleB hereto is true and correct.

5.Representations and Warranties regarding Intellectual Property. Each Company represents and warrants to the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties that: (a) such Company does not own any patents, trademarks, copyrights or mask works registered in, or the subject of pending applications in, the Patent and Trademark Office or the Copyright Office or any similar offices or agencies in the United States or any political subdivision thereof, other than those described on Schedule A hereto; (b) such Company has, except for Permitted Liens, the sole, full and unencumbered right, title and interest in and to the trademarks shown on Schedule A and, to the extent that any such registered trademark is material to the business of such Company, such registration is valid and enforceable and in full force and effect; (c) such Company has, except for Permitted Liens, the sole, full and unencumbered right, title and interest in and to each of the patents shown on Schedule A and, to the extent that any such patent is material to the business of such Company, the registration thereof is valid and enforceable and in full force and effect; (d) such Company has, except for Permitted Liens, the sole, full and unencumbered right, title and interest in and to each of the copyrights shown on Schedule A and according to the records of the Copyright Office, any such copyright that is material to the business of such Company is valid and enforceable and in full force and effect; (e) such Company has, except for Permitted Liens, the sole, full and unencumbered right, title and interest in and to the mask works shown on Schedule A and according to the records of the Copyright Office, any such mask work that is material to the business of such Company is valid and enforceable and in full force and effect; (f) except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, there is no claim by any third party that any such patents, trademarks, copyrights or mask works are invalid and unenforceable or do or may violate the rights of any Person; and (g) except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, such Company has taken all reasonable steps necessary to protect the secrecy and the validity under applicable law of all material trade secrets.

3

6.Covenants Relating to Collateral. Each Company hereby agrees (a) to perform all acts that may be reasonably necessary to (i) maintain and preserve the Collateral, ordinary wear and tear and casualty events excepted and (ii) to the extent required hereunder, to protect and perfect the Collateral, the Lien granted to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of itself and the Secured Parties therein and the perfection and priority of such Lien, subject to Permitted Liens; (b) not to use or permit any Collateral to be used (i) in violation in any material respect of any applicable law, rule or regulation, or (ii) in violation of any policy of insurance covering the Collateral; (c) to pay promptly when due all taxes and other governmental charges, all Liens (other than Permitted Liens) and all other charges now or hereafter imposed upon or affecting any Collateral; (d) without 10 days prior written notice to the Collateral Agent and taking such actions as may be reasonably required to maintain perfection of the security interests granted hereunder, (i) not to change such Companys name, place of business (or, if such Company has more than one place of business, its chief executive office), state of formation or type of legal entity, (f) to procure, execute and deliver from time to time any endorsements, assignments, financing statements and other writings reasonably necessary or appropriate to perfect, maintain and protect Collateral Agents Lien hereunder to the extent required hereby and the priority thereof; (g) to appearinanddefendanyactionor proceeding which may affect its title to or the Collateral Agents or Secured Parties interest in the Collateral; (h) to keep accurate and complete records of the Collateral and to provide the Collateral Agent with such records and such other information relating to the Collateral as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request from time to time; (i) except pursuant to a transaction permitted by, and subject to the terms of, Section 4.14 of the Indenture, not to surrender or lose possession of (other than to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of itself and the Secured Parties), sell, encumber, lease, rent, or otherwise dispose of or transfer any Collateral or right or interest therein, and to keep the Collateral free of all Liens except Permitted Liens; provided that such Company may sell, lease, transfer, license or otherwise dispose of any of the Collateral if in the ordinary course of business consisting of (i) the sale of inventory, (ii) sales of worn-out or obsolete equipment, (iii) in connection with settlement of litigation where such Company is the plaintiff, and (iv) non-exclusive licenses and similar arrangements for the use of the property of such Company; (j) if requested by the Collateral Agent, to type, print or stamp conspicuously on the face of all original copies of all Collateral consisting of chattel paper a legend satisfactory to the Collateral Agent indicating that such chattel paper is subject to the security interest granted hereby; (k) to collect, enforce and receive delivery of the accounts receivable and payment intangibles in accordance with past practice until otherwise notified by the Collateral Agent; (l) to comply with all requirements of law relating to the production, possession, operation, maintenance and control of the Collateral (including the Fair Labor Standards Act), except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and (m) on no more than one occasion per year unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to permit the Collateral Agent and its representatives the right, at any time during normal business hours, upon reasonable prior notice, to visit and inspect the properties of such Company and its corporate, financial and operating records, and make abstracts therefrom.

7.Covenants Regarding Intellectual Property. Each Company hereby agrees:

(a)each Company will perform all acts and execute all documents, including notices of security interest for each relevant type of material registered intellectual property in forms suitable for filing with the Patent and Trademark Office or the Copyright Office, that may be necessary to record, maintain, preserve, protect and perfect the Collateral Agents or Secured Parties interest in the Collateral, the Lien granted to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of itself and the Secured Parties in the Collateral and the first priority of such Lien.

(b)Except to the extent that the Collateral Agent gives its prior written consent:

(i)such Company will not do any act or omit to do any act whereby any material patent registrations may become abandoned or dedicated to the public domain; and

(ii)such Company will not do any act or omit to do any act whereby any material copyrights or mask works may become abandoned or dedicated to the public domain.

4

8.Authorized Action by the Collateral Agent. Each Company hereby irrevocably appoints the Collateral Agent as its attorney-in-fact (which appointment is coupled with an interest) and agrees that the Collateral Agent may perform (but the Collateral Agent shall not be obligated to and shall incur no liability to any Company or any third party for failure so to do) any act which such Company is obligated by this Security Agreement to perform, and to exercise such rights and powers as such Company might exercise with respect to the Collateral, including the right to (a) collect by legal proceedings or otherwise and endorse, receive and receipt for all dividends, interest, payments, proceeds and other sums and property now or hereafter payable on or on account of the Collateral; (b) enter into any extension, reorganization, deposit, merger, consolidation or other agreement pertaining to, or deposit, surrender, accept, hold or apply other property in exchange for the Collateral; (c) make any compromise or settlement, and take any action it deems advisable, with respect to the Collateral; (d) insure, process and preserve the Collateral; (e) pay any indebtedness of Company relating to the Collateral; (f) file UCC financing statements and execute other documents, instruments and agreements required hereunder; and (g) transfer any Collateral; provided, however, that the Collateral Agent shall not exercise any such powers granted pursuant to subsections (a) through (g) unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Companies shall reimburse the Collateral Agent promptly upon demand for any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses, including reasonable and documented attorneys fees, the Collateral Agent may incur while acting as any Companys attorney-in-fact hereunder, all of which costs and expenses are included in the Obligations. It is further agreed and understood between the parties hereto that such care as the Collateral Agent give to the safekeeping of its own property of like kind shall constitute reasonable care of the Collateral when in the Collateral Agents possession; provided, however, that the Collateral Agent shall not be required to make any presentment, demand or protest, or give any notice and need not take any action to preserve any rights against any prior party or any other person in connection with the Obligations or with respect to the Collateral.

9.Litigation and Other Proceedings

(a)Withinitsreasonablebusiness judgment, each Company shall have the right and obligation to commence and diligently prosecute such suits, proceedings or other actions for infringement or other damage, or reexamination or reissue proceedings, or opposition or cancellation proceedings as it shall determine in the exercise of its reasonable business judgment, are appropriate to protect any of the material patents, trademarks, copyrights, mask works or trade secrets

(b)Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Collateral Agent shall have the right but not the obligation to bring suit or institute proceedings in the name of each Company or Secured Parties to enforce any rights in the Collateral, including any license thereunder, in which event each Company shall at the request of the Collateral Agent do any and all lawful acts and execute any and all documents reasonably required by the Collateral Agent in aid of such enforcement. If the Collateral Agent elects not to bring suit to enforce any right under the Collateral, including any license thereunder, each Company agrees to use all reasonable measures, whether by suit, proceeding or other action, to cause to cease any infringement of any right under the Collateral by any Person and for that purpose agrees to diligently maintain any action, suit or proceeding against any Person so infringing necessary to prevent such infringement.

10.Default and Remedies.

(a)Default. The Companies shall be deemed in default under this Security Agreementupontheoccurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default under the Notes.

(b)Remedies. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any such Event of Default, the Collateral Agent shall have the rights of a secured creditor under the UCC, all rights granted by this Security Agreement and the other Notes Documents and all rights under applicable law, including, but not limited to, the right to: (a) require each Company to assemble the Collateral and make it available to the Collateral Agent at a place to be designated by the Collateral Agent; and (b) prior to the disposition of the Collateral, store, process, repair or recondition it or otherwise prepare it for disposition in any manner and to the extent the Collateral Agent deems appropriate. Each Company hereby agrees that ten (10) days notice of any intended sale or disposition of any Collateral is reasonable. Each Company hereby agrees that upon the occurrenceandduringthe continuance of any Event of Default, such Company will take any action the Collateral Agent reasonably requests in order to transfer any Collateral.Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any such Event of Default, the Collateral Agent shall have the right to exercise any and all rights as beneficial and legal owner of the Pledged Collateral, including exercising any and all voting, consensual and other rights and powers with respect to any Pledged Collateral. Each Company stipulates that the remedies at law of the Collateral Agent in the event of any Event of Default or threatened default by a Company in the performance of or compliance with any of the terms of this Security Agreement are not and will not be adequate and that such terms may be specifically enforced by a decree for the specific performance of any agreement contained herein or by an injunction against a violation of any of the terms hereof or otherwise. In furtherance of the Collateral Agents and Secured Parties rights hereunder, each Company hereby grants to the CollateralAgentandthe Secured Parties an irrevocable, non-exclusive license, exercisable without royalty or other payment by the Collateral Agent or Secured Parties, and only in connection with theexerciseofremedies hereunder, to use, license or sublicense any patent, trademark, trade name, copyright or other intellectual property in which such Company now or hereafter has any right, title or interest together with the right of access to all media in which any of the foregoing may be recorded or stored, to the extent such intellectual property is used or useful in the non-defense related business of the Company.

5

(c)No Action in Violation of Law. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this instrument, any foreclosure, sale, transfer or other disposition of, or the exercise of any right to vote or consent with respect to, any of the Collateral as provided herein or any other action taken or proposed to be taken hereunder which would affect the operational, voting or other control of any entity holding a construction permit, license, or other authorization issued by any Governmental Authority, shall be made in accordance with any applicable rules and regulations of the Governmental Authority, including, to the extent applicable under the rules and regulations of the Governmental Authority in effect at the time of an Event of Default, any requirement that there be a public or private sale.

(d)Application of Collateral Proceeds. Excepts as otherwise permitted hereby, the proceeds and/or avails of the Collateral, or any part thereof, and the proceeds and the avails of any remedy hereunder (as well as any other amounts of any kind held by the Collateral Agent or the Secured Parties at the time of, or received by the Collateral Agent or the Secured Parties after, the occurrence of an Event of Default) shall be paid to and applied as follows:

(i)First, to the payment of costs and expenses, including all amounts expended to preserve the value of the Collateral, of foreclosure or suit, if any, and of such sale and theexerciseofanyotherrightsorremedies, and of all proper fees, expenses, liability and advances, including legal expenses and attorneys fees, incurred or made hereunder by the Collateral Agent;

(ii)Second, to the payment of costs and expenses, including all amounts expended to preserve the value of the Collateral, of foreclosure or suit, if any, and of such sale and theexerciseofanyotherrightsorremedies, and of all proper fees, expenses, liability and advances, including legal expenses and attorneys fees, incurred or made hereunder by the Secured Parties (other than the Collateral Agent);

(iii)Third, to the payment to Secured Parties of the amount then owing or unpaid to Secured Parties in respect of the Obligations (to be applied first to accrued interest and second to outstanding principal) in accordance with the terms of the Notes Documents, including other payments to be made to third parties from such proceeds;

(iv)Fourth, to the payment of other amounts then payable to the Collateral Agent or Secured Parties under any of the Notes Documents; and

(v)Fifth, to the payment of the surplus, if any, to the Companies, their successors and assigns, or to whomsoever may be lawfully entitled to receive the same.

11.Collateral Agent. The Collateral Agent shall take such action hereunder as shall be reasonably directed by the Required Holders; provided, that, unless and until the Collateral Agent shall have received such directions, the Collateral Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, hereunder as it shall deem advisable in the best interests of the Secured Parties and the Collateral Agent shall incur no liability to any Person for so acting or refraining from or delaying acting.

12.Miscellaneous.

(a)Notices. Any notice or other communication given hereunder shall be deemed sufficient if in writing and sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or delivered by hand against written receipt therefor, addressed as follows:

6

Collateral Agent:

GLAS Trust Company LLC

3 Second Street, Suite 206

Jersey City, New Jersey 07311

Attention:TMGUS / NEXTNAV INC.

Email: tmgus@glas.agency and clientservices.usadcm@glas.agency

Company: 

NEXTNAV INC.

11911 Freedom Drive, Ste. 200

Reston, VA 20190

Attention: Christian Gates, Chief Financial Officer

Email:

with a copy to: 

K&L Gates LLP

599 Lexington Avenue

New York, NY10022

Attention: Robert S. Matlin and Jonathan M. Barron

Email:

All notices and other communications will be deemed to have been given (i) if delivered by the United States mail, three (3) Business Days after mailing (five (5) Business Days if delivered to an address outside of the United States), (ii) if delivered by a courier or other delivery service, one (1) Business Day after dispatch (two (2) Business Days if delivered to an address outside of the United States) and (iii) if personally delivered or sent by email or similar electronic device, upon receipt by the recipient or its agent or employee (which, in the case of a notice sent by email or similar electronic device, will be the time of transmission, except that, if not sent during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). No objection may be made by a party to the manner of delivery of any notice actually received in writing by an authorized agent of such party.

(b)Termination of Security Interest.

(i)Upon the payment in full in cash of all Obligations, the security interest granted herein shall terminate and all rights to the Collateral shall revert to the applicable Company. Upon such termination the Collateral Agent and Secured Parties hereby authorize each Company to file any UCC termination statements necessary to effect such termination and the Collateral Agent and Secured Parties shall, at such Companys expense, execute and deliver to eachCompanyanyadditionaldocumentsorinstruments as such Company shall reasonably request to evidence such termination.

(ii)If any Note Guarantor is released from its Guarantee with respect to the Notes pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, the Liens created hereby on the property and assets of such Note Guarantor shall be automatically released without need for further action by any Person and the Collateral Agent shall, at such Companys expense, execute and deliver to such Company any documents or instruments as such Company shall reasonably request to evidence such release.

7

(iii)If any of the Collateral shall (x) become an Excluded Asset or (y) be sold or disposed of by any Company in a disposition permitted by the Indenture, the Liens created hereby on any such property shall be automatically released without need for further action by any Person and the Collateral Agent shall, at such Companys expense, execute and deliver to each Company any documents or instruments as such Company shall reasonably request to evidence such release, provided, however, Liens shall continue in any proceeds of such Collateral or Excluded Collateral, as applicable.

(c)Nonwaiver. No failure or delay on the Collateral Agents or Secured Parties part in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof or of any other right nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other further exercise thereof or of any other right.

(d)Amendments and Waivers. This Security Agreement may not be amended or modified, nor may any of its terms be waived, except by written instruments signed by each Company and the Collateral Agent that identifies itself as an amendment to this Security Agreement. Each waiver or consent under any provision hereof shall be effective only in the specific instances for the purpose for which given.

(e)Assignments. This Security Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Collateral Agent, the Secured Parties and each Company and their respective successors and assigns; provided, however, that no Company may sell, assign or delegate rights and obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent.

(f)Cumulative Rights, etc. The rights, powers and remedies of the Collateral Agent and Secured Parties under this Security Agreement shall be in addition to all rights, powers and remedies given to the Collateral Agent and Secured Parties by virtue of any applicable law, rule or regulation of any governmental authority, any Notes Document or any other agreement, all of which rights, powers, and remedies shall be cumulative and may be exercised successively or concurrently without impairing the Collateral Agents or Secured Parties rights hereunder. Each Company waives any right to require the Collateral Agent or Secured Parties to proceed against any person or entity or to exhaust any Collateral or to pursue any remedy in the Collateral Agents or Secured Parties power.

(g)PartialInvalidity. If at any time any provision of this Security Agreement is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect under the law or any jurisdiction, neither the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Security Agreement nor the legality, validity or enforceability of such provision under the law of any other jurisdiction shall in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

(h)Expenses. Each Company shall pay promptly on demand all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses, including reasonable and documented attorneys fees and expenses, incurred by the Collateral Agent in connection with custody, preservation or sale of, or other realization on, any of the Collateral or the enforcement or attempt to enforce any of the Obligations which is not performed as and when required by this Security Agreement.

(i)Tax Payments. Each Company shall pay upon demand any stamp or other taxes, levies or charges of any jurisdiction with respect to the execution, delivery, registration, performance and enforcement of this Security Agreement. Upon request by the Collateral Agent, each Company shall furnish evidence satisfactory to the Collateral Agent that all requisite authorizations and approvals by, and notices to and filings with, governmental authorities and regulatorybodies have been obtained and made and that all requisite taxes, levies and charges have been paid.

(j)Construction. This Security Agreement and each other Notes Documents is the result of negotiations among, and has been reviewed by, each Company, the Collateral Agent and Secured Parties and their respective counsel. Accordingly, this Security Agreement and the other Notes Documents shall be deemed to be the product of all parties hereto, and no ambiguity shall be construed in favor of or against each Company, the Collateral Agent or Secured Parties.

8

(k)Entire Agreement. This Security Agreement taken together with the other Notes Documents constitute and contain the entire agreement of Company, the Collateral Agent and Secured Parties and supersede any and all prior agreements, negotiations, correspondence, understandings and communications among the parties, whether written or oral, respecting the subject matter hereof.

(l)Other Interpretive Provisions. References in this Security Agreement and each of the other Notes Documents to any document, instrument or agreement (a) includes all exhibits, schedules and other attachments thereto, (b) includes all documents, instruments or agreements issued or executed in replacement thereof, and (c) means such document, instrument or agreement, or replacement or predecessor thereto, as amended, modified and supplemented from time to time and in effect at any given time. The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Security Agreement or any other Notes Document refer to this Security Agreement or such other Notes Document, as the case may be, as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Security Agreement or such other Notes Document, as the case may be. The words include and including and words of similar import when used in this Security Agreement or any other Notes Document shall not be construed to be limiting or exclusive.

(m)Governing Law. This Security Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without reference to conflicts of law rules (except to the extent governed by the UCC).

(n)Counterparts. This Security Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which together shall be deemed to constitute one instrument.

(o)Additional Subsidiaries. The Companies shall cause each Subsidiary of NextNav that is required to become a Note Guarantor pursuant to Section 4.24 of the Indenture to enter into this Security Agreement within the time periods specified in Section 4.24 of the Indenture. Upon execution and delivery by the Collateral Agent and such Subsidiary of an instrument in the form of ExhibitA hereto, such Subsidiary shall become a Company hereunder with the same force and effect as if originally named as a Company herein. The execution and delivery of any such instrument shall not require the consent of any other Company hereunder. The rights and obligations of each Company hereunder shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the addition of any new Company as a party to this Security Agreement.

[The remainder of this page is intentionally left blank]

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Company has caused this Security Agreement to be executed as of the day and year first above written.

NEXTNAVINC. 

By: 

Name: Chris Gates 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

NEXTNAVHOLDINGS, LLC 

By: 

Name: Chris Gates 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

NEXTNAVINTERMEDIATEHOLDCO,LLC 

By: 

Name: Chris Gates 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

NEXTNAV,LLC 

By: 

Name: Chris Gates 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

PROGENYLMS, LLC 

By: 

Name: Chris Gates 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

COMMLABS,LLC 

By: 

Name: Chris Gates 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to Security Agreement

10

AGREED:

GLAS TRUST COMPANY LLC, as Collateral Agent

By:____________________

Name: 

Title:

Signature Page to Security Agreement

11

ATTACHMENT1

TOSECURITYAGREEMENT

Except as otherwise set forth in the Security Agreement, all right, title, interest, claims and demands of each Company in and to all personal property and other assets, whether now owned by or owing to, or hereafter from time to time acquired by or arising in favor of such Company (including under any trade name or derivations thereof), and whether owned or consigned by or to, or leased from or to, such Company, and regardless of where located, including:

(i)All Accounts;

(ii)All Chattel Paper;

(iii)All Commercial Tort Claims listed on Schedule B;

(iv)All Deposit Accounts and cash;

(v)All Documents;

(vi)All Equipment;

(vii)All Fixtures;

(viii)All General Intangibles;

(ix)All Goods;

(x)All Instruments;

(xi)All Intellectual Property;

(xii)All cash or cash equivalents;

(xiii)All Inventory;

(xiv)All Investment Property;

(xv)All Letter-of-Credit Rights; and

(xvi)To the extent not otherwise included, all Proceeds and products of any and all of the foregoing, including all economic rights, and all accessions to, substitutions and replacements for, and rents and profits of each of the foregoing, together with all books and records, customer lists, credit files, computer files, programs, printouts and other computer materialsandrecordsrelatedtheretoandany General Intangibles at any time evidencing or relating to any of the foregoing.

The term IntellectualProperty means all intellectual and similar property of every kind andnaturenowownedorhereafter acquired by a Company that is used or useful in the non-defense related business of a Company, including inventions, designs, patents (whether registered or unregistered), copyrights (whether registered or unregistered), trademarks (whether registered or unregistered), trade secrets, domain names, confidential or proprietary technical and business information, know-how, methods, processes, drawings, specifications or other data or information and all memoranda, notes and records with respect to any research and development, software and databases and all embodiments or fixations thereof whether in tangible or intangible form or contained on magnetic media readable by machine together with all such magnetic media and related documentation, registrations and franchises, and all additions, improvements and accessions to, and books and records describing or used in connection with, any of the foregoing.

All capitalized terms used in this Attachment 1 and not otherwise defined herein, shall have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of New York as in effect from time to time.

12

EXHIBITA

TOSECURITYAGREEMENT

FORM OF SECURITY AGREEMENT SUPPLEMENT

[Date of Security Agreement Supplement]

GLAS Trust Company LLC

3 Second Street, Suite 206

Jersey City, New Jersey 07311

Attention: TMGUS / NEXTNAV INC.

Email: tmgus@glas.agency and clientservices.usadcm@glas.agency

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference hereby is made to (a) the Indenture, dated as of [__], 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Indenture), by and among NextNav Inc., a Delaware corporation (NextNav), the guarantors party thereto, GLAS Trust Company LLC, as trustee, and GLAS Trust Company LLC, as collateral agent (together with its successors, the Collateral Agent), and (b) the Security Agreement, dated as of [__], 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Security Agreement), made by NextNav and the other Companies from time to time party thereto in favor of the Collateral Agent. Capitalized terms defined in the Indenture or the Security Agreement and nototherwise defined herein are used herein as defined in the Indenture or the Security Agreement.

SECTION 1. Grant of Security. As security for the payment, performance or other satisfaction of the Obligations, the undersigned hereby pledges to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of itself and the Secured Parties and grant to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of itself and the Secured Parties a lien on and security interest in all of its right, title and interests in and to all of the Collateral (as defined in the Security Agreement) of the undersigned, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by the undersigned, wherever located and whether now or hereafter existing or arising, including, without limitation, the property and assets of the undersigned set forth on the attached supplemental schedules to the Schedules to the Security Agreement.

SECTION 2. Supplements to Security Agreement Schedules. The undersigned has attached hereto supplemental Schedules A through B to the Security Agreement, and the undersigned hereby certifies, as of the date first above written, that such supplemental Schedules have been prepared by the undersigned in substantially the form of the equivalent Schedules to the Security Agreement, and such supplemental Schedules include all of the information required to be scheduled to the Security Agreement and do not omit to state any information material thereto.

SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties. The undersigned hereby makes each representation and warranty set forth in Sections 4 and 5 of the Security Agreement (as supplemented by the attached supplemental Schedules) to the same extent as each other Company.

SECTION 4. Obligations Under the Security Agreement. The undersigned hereby agrees, as of the date first above written, to be bound as a Company by all of the terms and provisions of the Security Agreement to the same extent as each of the other Companies. The undersigned further agrees, as of the date first above written, that each reference in the Security Agreement to a Company shall also mean and be a reference to the undersigned.

SECTION 6. Governing Law. This Security Agreement Supplement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

SECTION 7. Notes Document. In addition to and without limitation of any of the foregoing, this Security Agreement Supplement shall be deemed to be a Notes Document. 

13

Very truly yours, 

[NAME OF ADDITIONAL COMPANY] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

14

Acknowledged and Agreed:

GLAS TRUST COMPANY LLC,

asCollateralAgent

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex101_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

NOTEPURCHASEAGREEMENT

This NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as of March 12, 2025 by and among NEXTNAV INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company), each of the lead purchasers named on Schedule A hereto (the Lead Purchasers) and each other purchaser named on Schedule A hereto (collectively with the Lead Purchasers, the Purchasers). Each of the Company and the Purchasers also are referred to herein as a Party, and collectively as the Parties. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in Appendix A hereto.

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, each Purchaser desires to purchase the Companys 5.00% Senior Secured Convertible Notes due 2028 (the Notes) to be issued pursuant to that certain indenture, to be dated as of the Closing, by and among the Company, the guarantors party thereto and listed on Schedule B hereto (the Guarantors), GLAS Trust Company LLC, as trustee (the Trustee), and GLAS Trust Company LLC, as collateral agent (the Collateral Agent), in the form attached as Exhibit A hereto (the Indenture);

WHEREAS, in connection with the issuance and sale of Notes to the Lead Purchasers, the Company desires to issue to each of the Lead Purchasers warrants to purchase shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the Company (the Common Stock), as more fully described herein; and

WHEREAS, the Company and the Purchasers desire to make certain representations, warranties and agreements in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and also to prescribe certain conditions thereto.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants, promises and representations set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows.

I.NOTES; LEAD PURCHASERS WARRANTS

1.1Notes. At the Closing (as defined herein), the Company shall issue and sell $190,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes to the several Purchasers as provided in this Agreement, and each Purchaser, on the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements set forth herein and subject to the conditions set forth herein, shall, severally and not jointly, purchase from the Company the respective principal amount of Notes set forth opposite such Purchasers name in Schedule A hereto (each such Purchasers Note Amount) at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof (the Purchase Price).

1.2Lead PurchasersWarrants.At the Closing, the Company shall issue and deliver warrants (the Warrants) to purchaseshares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares) to each of the Lead Purchasers, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, as set forth on Schedule C. Notwithstanding the foregoing calculation, in no event shall the amount of Warrant Shares immediately after the Closing exceed the amount that would require the Company to seek stockholder approval pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d) in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Fifty percent (50%) of such Warrants shall be exercisable at the time of the Closing, and fifty percent (50%) shall be exercisable no later than the first day of the second year commencing after the Closing.

1.3Redemption. Promptly after the date hereof, the Company shall provide a notice of redemption of the 2026 Notes, conditioned upon the Closing of the transactions contemplated hereby, in accordance with Article 15 of the 2023 Indenture, with such conditional redemption to be effective the next Business Day immediately following the Closing (the Conditional Notice of Redemption).

1

1.4Closing; Escrow; Closing Deliverables.

(a)The closing of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement as to the purchase of Notes and Warrants (the Closing) shall take place remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures, at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day after satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the obligations of the Parties set forth in Sections 1.4(c) and 1.4(d), other than such conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of those conditions. At the Closing, the Parties will take the applicable actions and make the applicable deliveries set forth in this Agreement. All actions and transactions constituting the Closing hereunder shall be regarded as a single transaction so that no action or transaction shall be deemed to have taken place unless all other required actions and transactions for the Closing have taken place as provided in this Agreement.

(b)The Company shall deliver written notice to each Purchaser setting forth the target date of Closing. At least two (2) Business Days prior to the date of Closing,each Purchaser shall deposit (or caused to be deposited) with GLAS Trust Company LLC, as escrow agent (the Escrow Agent), an amount equal to such Purchasers Purchase Price into a separate account (the Escrow Account)pursuant to the terms of an escrow agreement to be entered into as soon as practicable after the date hereof by and among the Escrow Agent, the Company and the Lead Purchasers (the Escrow Agreement).

(c)The obligations of each Purchaser to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby are subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions on or before the Closing, any and all of which may be waived in whole or in part by both of the Lead Purchasers to the extent permitted by applicable law: 

(i) (A)The Company shall have performed in all material respects all of its obligations hereunder required to be performed by it on or prior to the Closing, and (B) the representations and warranties of the Company contained in Article III of this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects (except for the representations and warranties of the Company in Sections 3.1 through 3.5 and representations and warranties that are qualified by Material Adverse Effect or materiality, which, in both cases, shall be true and correct in all respects) as of the date hereof and at and as of the Closing (except to the extent that any representation or warranty speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true only as of such earlier date);

(ii)no Governmental Authority having jurisdiction shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any material judgment, order, law, rule or regulation (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) which is then in effect and has the effect of restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting or making illegal the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein;

(iii)the Company shall have delivered, and not withdrawn, the Conditional Notice of Redemption in accordance with Section 1.3 and the 2023 Indenture; 

(iv)the Company shall havedeposited with the trustee for the 2026 Notes an amount sufficient to fund the redemption in full of all 2026 Notes outstandingin accordance with Article 15 of the 2023 Indenture (the Redemption Amount) and satisfied and discharged the 2023 Indenture;

(v)immediately after the consummation of the Closing, the total Indebtedness of the Company shall not exceed $190,000,000, none of which shall have an earlier maturity than the Notes; and

(vi)the Company shall have executed anddelivered its respective documentation set forth in Section 1.4(e).

2

(d)The obligations of the Company with respect to each Purchaser to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby are subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions on or before the Closing, any and all of which may be waived in whole or in part by the Company to the extent permitted by applicable law: 

(i) (A) Such Purchaser shall have performed in all material respects all of its obligations hereunder required to be performed by it on or prior to the Closing, and (B) the representations and warranties of such Purchaser contained in Article II of this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof and at and as of the Closing (except to the extent that any representation or warranty speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true only as of such earlier date);

(ii)no Governmental Authority having jurisdiction shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any material judgment, order, law, rule or regulation (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) which is then in effect and has the effect of restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting or making illegal the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein;

(iii)at least $180,000,000 shall have been deposited in the Escrow Account for purchase of the Notes; and

(iv)such Purchaser shall have executed anddelivered its respective documentation set forth in Section 1.4(e).

(e)At the Closing, the Parties will execute and deliver the following documentation:

(i)each Party shall deliver to each other Party an executed copy of the Resale Registration Rights Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Registration Rights Agreement);

(ii)the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser: (A) the Indenture, duly executed by the Company, the Guarantors party thereto, the Trustee and the Collateral Agent, (B) the Security Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D, duly executed by the Company, the Collateral Agent and the other parties thereto (the Security Agreement), and (C) Notes, duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee, in principal amount equal to such Purchasers Note Amount;

(iii)the Company shall deliver to the Lead Purchasers the executed Warrants (together with the Registration Rights Agreement, the Indenture, the Security Agreement and the Notes, the Transaction Documents);

(iv)the Company shall deliver to the Purchasers a customary opinion (i) of the Companys primary transaction counsel, dated as of the Closing, in form, scope and substance reasonably satisfactory to M-Cor and (ii) of the Companys local Indiana counsel, dated as of the Closing, in form, scope and substance reasonably satisfactory to M-Cor;

(v)the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser the following additional items for the Company and each Guarantor, each properly executed by the secretary or assistant secretary of the Company or such Guarantor, as applicable, each dated as of the date of the Closing (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the date of the Closing) and each in form and substance satisfactory to Lead Purchasers:

(1)true, correct and complete copies of (i) the certificate of incorporation, certificate of formation or other organizational documents (as applicable) of such entity, certified by the Secretary of State of the state of incorporation or formation (as applicable) of such entity, (ii) the bylaws, limited liability company agreement or other operating documents (as applicable) of such entity and (iii) resolutions authorizing the transactions contemplated by this Agreement by such entitys board of directors, board of managers or other authorizing body (as applicable); and

(2)documents and certifications evidencing that the Company and its material subsidiaries (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include each Guarantor) are duly organized or formed, validly existing, in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions in which the concept of good standing exists), and qualified to engage in business in each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(vi)the Companys Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer shall have delivered a certificate to each Purchaser, in form and substance satisfactory to the Purchaser, that the conditions in Section 1.4(c)(i) have been fulfilled;

(vii)the Company shall deliver to the Collateral Agent, to the extent they are certificated, certificates representing the equity interests in each subsidiary of the Company that is, or is owned by, a party to the Security Agreement (with stock powers executed in blank);

3

(viii)each Purchaser shall complete and deliver to the Company an executed copy of the Accredited Investor Questionnaire attached hereto asExhibit E; and

(ix)all Parties shall deliver such other instruments and documents reasonably and customarily necessary to consummate the transaction contemplated hereby. 

(f)At the Closing:

(i)each of the Purchasers shall deliver the Purchase Price by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Escrow Account;

(ii)the Company shall instruct the Escrow Agent to transfer the Redemption Amount into a separate account designated for such purpose and the Company shall satisfy and discharge the 2023 Indenture; 

(iii)the Company and the Lead Purchasers shall instruct the Escrow Agent to transfer the remainder of the Purchase Price from the Escrow Account to an account designated by the Company; and

(ii)the Company shall pay the Closing Expense Amount as instructed by M-Cor at Closing.

1.5Use of Proceeds. Unless otherwise consented to in writing by the Purchasers holding more than 50% of the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Notes, the Company shall use the proceeds of the issuance and sale of the Notes hereunder for general corporate purposes and working capital needs, including payment of the Closing Expense Amount and the redemption of the 2026 Notes.

II.REPRESENTATIONS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS BY THE PURCHASERS

Each Purchaser hereby, as to itself only and for no other Purchaser, represents and warrants to the Company, severally and not jointly, as follows:

2.1Such Purchaser recognizes that (a) such Purchasers investment in the Notes and the Conversion Shares (and with respect to the Lead Purchasers only, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares) involves a high degree of risk including, but not limited to, those set forth in the filings the Company has made with the SEC prior to the date hereof; (b) an investment in the Company is highly speculative, and only an investor who can afford the loss of its entire investment should consider investing in the Company; and (c) such Purchaser may not be able to liquidate its investment.

2.2Such Purchaser represents that it is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D, and that such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of the transactions contemplated hereby.

2.3In making such Purchasers decision to purchase its respective Securities, such Purchaser has consulted such legal, tax and investment advisors as it, in its sole discretion, has deemed necessary or appropriate in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.

2.4Such Purchaser is not investing in the Securities issuable in the transactions contemplated hereby as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding such securities published in a newspaper or magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio, whether closed circuit, or generally available; or presented at any seminar meeting or industry investor conference whose attendees were invited by any general solicitation or general advertising.

2.5Such Purchaser hereby represents that such Purchaser, either by reason of such Purchasers business or financial experience or the business or financial experience of such Purchasers professional advisors (who are unaffiliated with and not compensated by the Company or any Affiliate or selling agent of the Company, directly or indirectly), is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment.

2.6Such Purchaser hereby acknowledges that the investment contemplated hereby has not been reviewed by the SEC nor any state regulatory authority. Such Purchaser understands that none of the Securities to be issued to it hereunder have been registered under the Securities Act or under any state securities or blue sky laws and agrees not to sell, pledge, assign or otherwise transfer or dispose of such Securitiesunless they are registered under the Securities Act and under any applicable state securities or blue sky laws or unless an exemption from such registration is available.

2.7Such Purchaser hereby represents that such Purchaser is purchasing its respective Securitiesfor its own account for investment and not with a view toward the resale or distribution to others, and such Purchaser does not have a present arrangement to effect any distribution of such Securities to or through any Person.

4

2.8Such Purchaser consents to the placement of a legend on any certificate or other document evidencing the Securitiesto be issued hereunder that such Securitieshave not been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities or blue sky laws and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and sale thereof contained in this Agreement. Such Purchaser is aware that the Company will make a notation in its appropriate records with respect to the restrictions on the transferability of such Securities. The legend to be placed on each certificate shall be in form substantially similar to the following:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED ABSENT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION THEREOF UNDER SUCH ACT OR COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144 PROMULGATED UNDER SUCH ACT, OR UNLESS THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY AND ITS COUNSEL, THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.

2.9Such Purchaser hereby represents that the address of such Purchaser furnished by such Purchaser on the signature page hereof is such Purchasers principal business address.

2.10This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by or on behalf of such Purchaser. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against such Purchaser in accordance with its terms, except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by (A) general principles of equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors rights and remedies and (B) laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (ii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

2.11Such Purchaser acknowledges that no Person shall have, as a result of the purchase of the Note by such Purchaser, any valid right, interest or claim against or upon the Company for any commission, fee or other compensation pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding entered into by or on behalf of the Purchaser.

2.12Such Purchaser will not have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, any valid right, interest or claim against or upon the Company for any commission, fee or other compensation pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding entered into by or on behalf of such Purchaser (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not be construed to limit in any way such Purchasers rights under the Transaction Documents).

2.13Such Purchaser represents that it is not a broker-dealer registered with the SEC under the Exchange Act, or an entity engaged in a business that would require it to be so registered.

2.14Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has reviewed the Disclosure Materials (as defined herein) and all other materials such Purchaser deemed necessary for the purpose of making an investment decision with respect to the Securities issuable pursuant to the transactions contemplated hereby, and has been afforded: (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the Companys business, management and financial affairs and terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the securities; (ii) access to publicly available information about the Company and its subsidiaries and their respective financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser has evaluated the risks of investing in the Securities, understands there are substantial risks of loss incidental to the investment and has determined that it is a suitable investment for such Purchaser.

2.15Such Purchaser acknowledges that the Company is a former special purpose acquisition company and, therefore, a former shell company (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) and that the availability of the safe harbor provided by Rule 144 of the Securities Act with respect to the resale of restricted securities of the Company issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents is accordingly subject to the provisions of Rule 144(i)(2) of the Securities Act.

5

III.REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Purchasers that:

3.1Organization, Good Standing and Qualification. The Company and each of the Guarantors have been duly organized and are validly existing and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which their respective ownership or lease of property or the conduct of their respective businesses requires such qualification, and have all power and authority necessary to own or hold their respective properties and to conduct the businesses in which they are engaged, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing or have such power or authority would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.2Authorization; Enforceability. The Company and each Guarantor has all corporate right, power and authority to enter into the Transaction Documents and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. All corporate action on the part of the Company and the Guarantors, and their respective directors and stockholders necessary for the (i) authorization execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents; (ii) authorization, sale, issuance and delivery of the Securities and the performance of the Companys obligations hereunder and thereunder; (iii) authorization, sale and issuance of the guarantees of the Notes by the Guarantors as contemplated by the Indenture; and (iv) granting of the liens contemplated by the Security Agreement has been taken. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents have been duly executed and delivered by the Company and, as applicable, the Guarantors and constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company and the Guarantors, enforceable against the Company and the Guarantors in accordance with their respective terms, subject to laws of general application relating to bankruptcy, insolvency and the relief of debtors and rules of law governing specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies, and to limitations of public policy. Assuming the accuracy of the representations of the Purchasers in Article II of this Agreement, the Securities issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents will be issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws. The Warrant Shares and Conversion Shares have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance, solely for purposes of the exercise of the Warrants and conversion of the Notes, and such shares, when so issued in accordance with the terms of the Warrants or Indenture, as applicable, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free of restrictions on transfer other than restrictions on transfer under this Agreement and applicable federal and state securities laws.

3.3No Conflict; Governmental Consents: Approval Obtained.

(a)The execution and delivery by the Company and the Guarantors of the Transaction Documents, the performance of their respective obligations hereunder and thereunder, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, will not result in the violation of any applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, order, writ, injunction, judgment or decree of any court or Governmental Authority to or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound, or of any provision of the organizational documents of the Company or the Guarantors, and will not conflict with, or result in a material breach or violation of, any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under, any material lease, loan agreement, mortgage, security agreement, trust indenture or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of them is bound or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject or applicable rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Capital Market or such other Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed, nor result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, a reduction to any conversion price or exercise price provided therein, or any other adjustment to the terms thereof. The execution and delivery by the Company and delivery by the Company and the Guarantors of the Transaction Documents, the performance of their respective obligations hereunder and thereunder, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, will not implicate any preemptive rights with respect to the securities of the Company or any Guarantor.

(b)No consent, approval, authorization or other order of any Governmental Authority is required to be obtained by the Company or its subsidiaries in connection with the authorization, execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents or the performance of the Companys obligations hereunder and thereunder, including the authorization, issue and sale of the Securities or the granting of the liens contemplated by the Security Agreement except for any required filings with any state, federal or foreign blue sky or securities regulatory authority after the Closing and the filing of any Uniform Commercial Code financing statements or similar securities filings to perfect the liens contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

3.4SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports required to be filed by it under the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the 12 months preceding the date hereof on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension and has filed all reports required to be filed by it under the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof. Such reports required to be filed by the Company under the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, together with any materials filed or furnished by the Company under the Exchange Act, whether or not any such reports were required, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports and, together with this Agreement, the Disclosure Materials. The SEC Reports filed by the Company with the SEC, from the commencement of the fiscal year covered by the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC to the date of this Agreement (the SEC Documents), as of their respective dates, complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to such SEC Documents, and none of such SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As of their respective dates, the audited financial statements and unaudited interim financial statements of the Company, as applicable, included in the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect as of the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied, during the periods involved (except (i) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto, or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim financial statements, to the extent they may exclude footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited interim financial statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments which will not be material, either individually or in the aggregate).

6

3.5Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the most recent balance sheet included in the Companys financial statements contained in the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC, there has been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the operations, assets, business or financial condition of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise. Since the date of the most recent balance sheet included in the Companys financial statements contained in the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-Kfiled with the SEC, except as disclosed in the SEC Documents filed subsequent to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has (i) declared or paid any dividends on the Companys securities, (ii) sold any assets outside of the ordinary course of business or (iii) made any material capital expenditures (either individually or in the aggregate). Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has taken any steps to seek protection pursuant to any law or statute relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, liquidation or winding up, nor does the Company or any subsidiary have any knowledge or reason to believe that any of their respective creditors intend to initiate involuntary bankruptcy proceedings or any actual knowledge of any fact which would reasonably lead a creditor to do so.

3.6No General Solicitation. Neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf, has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities issuable pursuant the transaction contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

3.7Private Placement. Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates nor any Person acting on the Companys behalf has, directly or indirectly, at any time within the past six months, made any offer or sale of any security or solicitation of any offer to buy any security under circumstances that would eliminate the availability of the exemption from registration under Regulation D in connection with the offer and sale by the Company of the Securities as contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

3.8Registration Rights. Except for rights granted under (i) the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2021 (the 2021 RRA), by and among the Company and the Holders (as defined therein), (ii) the Share Transfer Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2022 (the 2022 Share Purchase Agreement), among the Company and the Sellers (as defined therein), and related Put & Call Option Agreements (as defined in the 2022 Share Purchase Agreement) entered into by the Company in connection with its acquisition of Nestwave SAS, (iii) the Resale Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 9, 2023 (the 2023 RRA), by and among the Company and the Purchasers (as defined therein), and (iv) the Resale Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2024, between the Company and Telesaurus Holdings GB LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the 2024 RRA), the Company has not granted or agreed to grant to any Person any rights (including piggyback registration rights) to have any securities of the Company registered with the SEC or any other governmental authority that have not expired or been satisfied or waived. Except for rights granted under the 2021 RRA, 2023 RRA and the 2024 RRA, no Person has registration or piggyback rights that would preempt or cut-back the registration rights granted to the Purchasers under the Registration Rights Agreement.

3.9Brokers Fees.No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finders or other fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company.

3.10FCC Licenses.

(a)A true and complete list of the licenses (the FCC Licenses) issued by the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (the FCC) and held by the Company through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Progeny LMS, LLC and NextNav, LLC (hereinafter jointly referred to in this Section 3.10 and in Schedule D-2 as the Company), is included in Schedule D-1 hereto. The Company is the sole holder of the FCC Licenses, and no other Person has any right, title, or interest in or with respect to the FCC Licenses. The Company holds the FCC Licenses free and clear of all Liens and, except as indicated in Schedule D-1 hereto, the FCC Licenses are regular FCC authorizations and not experimental, special temporary, demonstration, or developmental authorizations.

(b)The FCC Licenses are validly issued to the Company and in full force and effect and have not been revoked, suspended, canceled, rescinded or terminated. The most recent ten-year term of the FCC Licenses expired on July 17, 2020, but the Company timely filed renewal applications seeking an additional ten-year term for each of the FCC Licenses and tolling their expiration dates. The FCC granted the renewal applications for 78 of the Companys licenses on March 25, 2024, extending their term until July 17, 2030. Company has received no communication or other indication from the FCC that it might refrain from granting the remaining pending renewal applications.

(c)Except as indicated in Schedule D-2 hereto, all reports and notices to the FCC required to be filed with the FCC with respect to the FCC Licenses have been timely filed, and are complete and accurate in all material respects. The Company is in compliance in all material respects with the terms of the FCC Licenses, the Federal Communications Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules, regulations and policies of the FCC. There is no order to show cause, notice of violation, notice of apparent liability, or notice of forfeiture pending by the FCC with respect to the FCC Licenses and, to the Companys knowledge, no such order or notice has been threatened. All payments to any applicable Governmental Authority for or required with respect to the Companys FCC Licenses have been timely made. The Company has not incurred any FCC fine, charge or other liability resulting from any noncompliance with respect to the FCC Rules relating to the FCC Licenses, or such reports or notices, and, to the Companys knowledge, no such fine, charge or other liability has been threatened.

7

3.11 Investment Company. Neither the Company nor any Guarantor is, nor will be immediately after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

IV.COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY AND THE PURCHASERS

4.1Furnishing of Information. Until the date that any Purchaser owning Conversion Shares, Warrants or Warrant Shares may sell all of them without restriction under Rule 144 of the Securities Act (or any successor provision), the Company covenants to use its reasonable best efforts to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act.

4.2Disclosure. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the Company shall cause a Current Report on Form 8-K relating to the transactions contemplated pursuant to the Transaction Documents to be transmitted to the SEC for filing, which such Current Report on Form 8-K and a press release relating to the transactions contemplated hereby shall be reasonably acceptable to the Lead Purchasers and disclose the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby (such approved Current Report on Form 8-K and press release, Approved Disclosures). The Company shall provide the Lead Purchasers with an advance copy of such proposed disclosure and reflect all reasonable input from the Lead Purchasers. The Company agrees not to issue any other public statements with respect to the Purchasers investment or proposed investment in the Company or the terms of any agreement or covenant between them that are not substantially similar to the Approved Disclosures without the prior written consent (email communication being sufficient) of the Lead Purchasers, except such disclosures as may be required under applicable law or under any applicable order, rule or regulation. Each Purchaser agrees not to issue any public statements with respect to the Purchasers investment or proposed investment in the Company or the terms of any agreement or covenant between them that are not substantially similar to the Approved Disclosures without the prior written consent of both the Company and the Lead Purchasers, except such disclosures as may be required under applicable law or under any applicable order, rule or regulation.

4.3Stockholder Approval. If an event occurs that would result in an increase in the Conversion Rate (as defined in the Indenture) of the Notes or the Warrant Shares by an amount in excess of limitations imposed by any stockholder approval rules or listing standards of any national or regional securities exchange that are applicable to the Company, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to obtain stockholder approval (Stockholder Approval) of the transactions contemplated hereby at a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting) at the earliest practicable date after the date of such event, but in no event later than 90 days after the date of such event, for the purpose of obtaining Stockholder Approval if an annual meeting of stockholders is not convened during the aforementioned timeframe. The Company shall provide to each stockholder entitled to vote at such Special Meeting (or annual meeting of stockholdersas applicable) a definitive proxy statement that shall solicit the affirmative vote of each of the Companys stockholders entitled to vote at the Special Meeting (or annual meeting of stockholdersas applicable) for the Stockholder Approval, and shall include the recommendation of the board of directors of the Company that such proposal be approved. The Company shall solicit proxies from its stockholders in connection therewith in the same manner as all other management proposals and all management-appointed proxyholders shall vote their proxies in favor of such proposal. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain such Stockholder Approval, and request that its officers and directors cast their proxies in favor of such proposal. If the Company does not obtain Stockholder Approval at the first meeting of stockholders, the Company shall call a meeting of stockholders every three (3) months thereafter to seek Stockholder Approval until the earlier of the date Stockholder Approval is obtained or the Notes and Warrants that require Stockholder Approval to convert or exercise, as applicable, are no longer outstanding.

4.4Preemptive Rights.

(a)Subsequent Offerings. From and after Closing, so long as a Lead Purchaser (together with its respective Affiliates) is the beneficial owner of an aggregate principal amount of Notes, together with any Conversion Shares valued for purposes of this Section 4.4 at the price at which they were converted, greater than or equal to $20,000,000, such Lead Purchaser shall have a preemptive right to purchase its pro rata share of all Equity Securities (as defined herein) that the Company and its subsidiaries may, from time to time, propose to sell and/or issue after the date of this Agreement, other than the Equity Securities excluded by Section 4.4(d) hereof. For this purpose, such Lead Purchasers pro rata share is equal to the ratio of (x) the number of shares of Common Stock, on a fully diluted basis based solely on the (i) Notes, (ii) Warrants, (iii) any Warrant Shares issued in connection with the exercise of the Warrants and (iv) any Conversion Shares issued following the conversion of any Notes, and excluding any other Common Stock or Equity Securities held by such Lead Purchaser at the time notice of the proposed issuance of such Equity Securities is given by the Company pursuant to Section 4.4(b) to (y) the total number of shares of Common Stock (including all Conversion Shares, Warrant Shares, or upon the exercise or conversion of any other outstanding warrants or options or convertible securities) outstanding immediately prior to the issuance of such Equity Securities. The term Equity Securities shall mean (A) any shares of Common Stock or other equity security of the Company, (B) any security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, with or without consideration, any shares of Common Stock or other equity security of the Company (including any option to purchase such a convertible security), (C) any security carrying any warrant or right to subscribe to or purchase any shares of Common Stock or other equity security of the Company or (D) any such warrant or right.

(b)Exercise of Preemptive Rights.If the Company proposes to issue any Equity Securities, it shall give each Lead Purchaser written notice of its intention, describing the Equity Securities and the price and other terms and conditions upon which the Company proposes to issue the same. Each Lead Purchaser shall have ten (10) days from the date such notice is deemed given to exercise its right to purchase its pro rata share of the Equity Securities on the terms and conditions specified in the notice by giving written notice thereof to the Company.

(c)Issuance of Equity Securities or Subsequent Debt to Other Persons. The Company shall have ninety (90) days after the end of the aforementioned ten (10)-day period to sell the Equity Securities in respect of which the Purchasers rights were not exercised, at a price not lower and upon terms and conditions not more favorable to the purchasers thereof than specified in the Companys notice to eachLead Purchaser pursuant to Section 4.4(b). If the Company has not sold such Equity Securities within such ninety (90)-day period, the Company shall not thereafter issue or sell any such Equity Securities without first offering such Equity Securities to the Purchasers in the manner provided above.

8

(d)Excluded Securities. The preemptive rights established by this Section 4.4 shall not apply to any of the following Equity Securities:

(1)Common Stock and/or options, warrants or other Common Stock purchase rights and the Common Stock issued pursuant to such options, warrants or other rights issued or to be issued after the date hereof to employees, officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors to the Company, pursuant to share purchase, equity incentive plan, or share option plans or other arrangements that are approved by the board of directors of the Company, in each case, which are for compensatory purposes and not for the purposes of providing financing to the Company;

(2)Equity Securities issued pursuant to the conversion or exercise of the Notes and Warrants;

(3)Equity Securities issued pursuant to the conversion or exerciseof any options, warrants or other rights which are outstanding as of the date hereof;

(4)shares issued pursuant to any rights, agreements, options or warrants granted after the Closing, so long as the preemptive rights established by this Section 4.4 were complied with, waived, or were inapplicable pursuant to any provision of this Section 4.4 with respect to the initial sale or grant by the Company of such rights, agreements, options or warrants;

(5)any Equity Securities issued pursuant to an acquisition by the Company of the capital stock or assets of another company (including by way of merger or consolidation), including, without limitation, the issuance of Equity Securities pursuant to the A Block APA, provided, such acquisition is approved by the board of directors of the Company; and

(6)any Equity Securities issued in connection with any share split, share dividend on, reclassification or recapitalization or similar event of the outstanding Equity Securities of the Company.

V.TERMINATION

5.1This Agreement may be terminated and the transactions contemplated herein may be abandoned at any time prior to the Closing:

(a)by mutual written consent of the Company and the Lead Purchasers;

(b)by either the Company or both of the Lead Purchasers if a final non-appealable governmental order permanently enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the transactions contemplated herein has been issued by a governmental authority of competent jurisdiction; provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 5.1(b) will not be available to any Party whose actions resulted in any applicable law or governmental order that had the effect of restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the transactions contemplated herein;

(c)by eitherthe Company or both of the Lead Purchasers, if the Closing has not occurred on or before 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on April 11, 2025, which date may be extended from time to time by mutual written consent of the Company and both Lead Purchasers(such date, as so extended from time to time, the Outside Date); provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 5.1(c) will not be available to a Party if the failure of such Party to fulfill any obligation under this Agreement has been the primary cause of, or has resulted in, the failure of the Closing to occur by the Outside Date;

(d)by both of the Lead Purchasers if (i) any of the representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement fail to be true and correct in any material respect or (ii) the Company shall have failed to comply with any of its obligations under this Agreement such that such failure or breach with respect to any such representation, warranty or obligation (A) cannot be cured or constitutes a breach of the obligation to consummate the transactions contemplated herein at the time established for such consummation or (B) if curable, shall continue unremedied at the Outside Date or, if earlier, by the 30th day following such breach; or

(e)with respect to the Companys obligations to a Purchaser, by the Company if (i) any of the representations and warranties of such Purchaser contained in this Agreement fail to be true and correct in any material respect or (ii) such Purchaser shall have breached or failed to comply with any of their obligations under this Agreement such that such failure or breach with respect to any such representation, warranty or obligation (A) cannot be cured or constitutes a breach of the obligation to consummate the transactions contemplated herein at the time established for such consummation or (B) if curable, shall continue unremedied at the Outside Date, or if later, the extended Outside Date.

Any Party desiring to terminate this Agreement (or with respect to Section 5.1(e) above, the Companys obligations with respect to a particular Purchaser) shall give written notice of such termination to the other parties.

9

5.2In the event of a termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 5.1, this Agreement (other than the provisions of this Section 5.2 and Article VI, as well as any defined terms used in such sections, which shall survive such termination) shall then be null and void and have no further force and effect and all other rights and liabilities of the parties hereunder will terminate without any liability of any Party to any other Party, except that nothing herein shall relieve any Partyfrom any liability or damages (which the parties acknowledge and agree shall not be limited to reimbursement of out-of-pocket fees, costs or expenses incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated herein) resulting from any willful and material breach of this Agreement prior to such termination, in which case the aggrieved Party shall be entitled to all remedies available at law or in equity. Nothing in this Section 5.2 shall be deemed to impair the right of any Party to bring any action for specific performance, injunctive and/or other equitable relief.Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Companys exercise of its rights under Section 5.1(e) to terminate its obligations with respect to one or more Purchasers, but not all Purchasers, shall not terminate the Companys obligations with respect to the other Purchasers and the provisions of this Agreement that terminate shall only terminate with respect to the Company and the offending Purchaser or Purchasers but not with respect to the Company and the other Purchasers.

5.3Promptly upon termination of this Agreement, M-Cor shall provide the Company with an invoice and reasonable supporting documentation for the Termination Expense Amount, which the Company shall pay within three (3) Business Days of receipt of such invoice.

VI.TAX TREATMENT

6.1Absent a change in applicable law after the date hereof, each Lead Purchaser and the Company acknowledges that, for U.S. federal (and applicable state and local) income tax purposes:

(a)The Company shall, on or prior to May 15, 2025, propose to each Lead Purchaser the amount deemed paid for and allocable to their applicable Warrants for U.S. federal (and applicable state and local) income tax purposes (the Proposed Warrant Value). If neither Lead Purchaser objects in writing within fifteen (15) days after receiving the Proposed Warrant Value, it will be deemed conclusive and binding upon the Company and the Lead Purchasers. If any Lead Purchaser objects in writing to the Proposed Warrant Value within fifteen (15) days of when it was proposed, the parties shall cooperate in good faith to reach an agreed upon allocation by June 1, 2025; provided, that if the Company and such Lead Purchasers cannot agree to the Warrant Value (as defined below) by such date, the Company shall instruct an advisor reasonably acceptable to such Lead Purchasers (the Independent Advisor) to determine the Warrant Value within thirty (30) days after its retention and the determination of the Independent Advisor shall be conclusive and binding upon the Company and suchLead Purchasers.The costs and expenses of the Independent Advisor (to the extent reasonably incurred in accordance with the terms of the engagement) shall be paid equally by the Lead Purchasers and the Company. The final allocation, as determined pursuant to this Section 6.1(a), shall be referred to herein as the Warrant Value.For the avoidance of doubt, the Warrant Value shall not be binding on the Lead Purchasers and the Company for financial reporting purposes or any other purpose other than U.S. federal (and applicable state and local) income tax purposes.

(b)(1) the Notes issued to the Lead Purchasers and the Warrants shall be treated as part of an investment unit within the meaning of Section 1273(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code); (2) the Notes shall be treated as having been issued with original issue discount and (3) the amount paid for and allocable to the Warrants shall be the Warrant Value, with the balance of the purchase price allocable to the Notes; and

(c)in all cases, the Notes shall be treated as indebtedness that are not contingent payment debt instruments within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1275-4 (clauses (a)-(b) collectively, the Intended Tax Treatment).

The parties hereto shall not take any position for U.S. federal (and applicable state and local) income tax purposes inconsistent with the Intended Tax Treatment except to the extent otherwise required by a change in applicable law or a determination within the meaning of Section 1313(a) of the Code.

10

VII.MISCELLANEOUS

7.1All notices or other communications hereunder will be in writing and will be given by (i) personal delivery, (ii) courier or other delivery service which obtains a receipt evidencing delivery, (iii) registered or certified mail (postage prepaid and return receipt requested) or (iv) email or similar electronic device, to such address as may be designated from time to time by the relevant Party, and which will initially be:

iftotheCompany, at:

NEXTNAV INC.

11911 Freedom Drive, Ste. 200

Reston, VA 20190

Attention: Christian Gates, Chief Financial Officer

Email: 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

K&L Gates LLP

599 Lexington Avenue

New York, NY 10022

Attention: Robert S. Matlin and Jonathan M. Barron

Email: 

if to a Purchaser, at

At such Purchasers address set forth on Schedule A to this Agreement.

With, if respect to M-Cor, a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP

1285 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10019

Attention: Luke R. Jennings

Email: 

All notices and other communications will be deemed to have been given (i) if delivered by the United States mail, three (3) Business Days after mailing (five (5) Business Days if delivered to an address outside of the United States), (ii) if delivered by a courier or other delivery service, one (1) Business Day after dispatch (two (2) Business Days if delivered to an address outside of the United States) and (iii) if personally delivered or sent by email or similar electronic device, upon receipt by the recipient or its agent or employee (which, in the case of a notice sent by email or similar electronic device, will be the time of transmission, except that, if not sent during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). No objection may be made by a Party to the manner of delivery of any notice actually received in writing by an authorized agent of such Party.

11

7.2This Agreement shall not be changed, modified or amended except by a writing signed by the Company and the Lead Purchasers that identifies itself as an amendment to this Agreement; provided, that any amendment that increases a Purchasers Purchase Price or reduces the Securities it is to purchase hereunder shall require the consent of each such Purchaser.

7.3This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and to their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns. This Agreement, including the Schedules and Exhibits hereto, sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the parties as to the subject matter hereof and merges and supersedes all prior discussions, agreements and understandings of any and every nature among them. The Company may not assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser, and no Purchaser may assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Company; provided, however, that either of the M-Cor Purchasers may assign its obligations and rights hereunder, in full or in part, to the other M-Cor Purchaser.

7.4NOTWITHSTANDING THE PLACE WHERE THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE EXECUTED BY ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO, THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT ALL THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS HEREOF SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO SUCH STATES PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW. IN THE EVENT THAT A JUDICIAL PROCEEDING IS NECESSARY, THE SOLE FORUM FOR RESOLVING DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT IS THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF NEW YORK OR THE FEDERAL COURTS FOR SUCH STATE AND COUNTY, AND ALL RELATED APPELLATE COURTS, THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY CONSENT TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND AGREE TO SAID VENUE. THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE TO WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE NOTES, THE WARRANTS, OR ANY DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.

7.5In order to discourage frivolous claims the parties agree that unless a claimant in any proceeding arising out of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document succeeds in establishing his claim and recovering a judgment against another Party (regardless of whether such claimant succeeds against one of the other parties to the action), then the other Party shall be entitled to recover from such claimant all of its/their reasonable legal costs and expenses relating to such proceeding and/or incurred in preparation therefor.

7.6The holding of any provision of this Agreement to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. If any provision of this Agreement shall be declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced in whole or in part, such provision shall be interpreted so as to remain enforceable to the maximum extent permissible consistent with applicable law and the remaining conditions and provisions or portions thereof shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect and enforceable to the extent they are valid, legal and enforceable, and no provisions shall be deemed dependent upon any other covenant or provision unless so expressed herein. Moreover, said provision shall be replaced with language that is as similar in business purpose and intent and one that shall be legal, valid and enforceable.

7.7It is agreed that a waiver by a Party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate, or be construed, as a waiver of any subsequent breach by that same Party.

7.8The Parties agree to execute and deliver all such further documents, agreements and instruments and take such other and further action as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement.

7.9This Agreement may be executed and delivered in one or more identical counterparts, and delivered via facsimile or e mail (PDF format) transmission, each of which when executed will be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

12

7.10All pronouns and any variations thereof refer to the masculine, feminine or neuter, singular or plural, as the context may require. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement.

7.11The obligations of each Purchaser under this Agreement are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under this Agreement. The decision of each Purchaser to purchase securities pursuant to this Agreement has been made by such Purchaser independently of any other Purchaser and independently of any information, materials, statements or opinions as to the business, affairs, operations, assets, properties, liabilities, results of operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company which may have been made or given by any other Purchaser or by any agent or employee of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser or any of its agents or employees shall have any liability to any other Purchaser (or any other person) relating to or arising from any such information, materials, statements or opinions. Nothing contained herein, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Each Purchaser acknowledges that no other Purchaser has acted as agent for such Purchaser in connection with making its investment hereunder and that no other Purchaser will be acting as agent of such Purchaser in connection with monitoring its investment hereunder. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including without limitation the rights arising out of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any action or proceeding for such purpose.

[Balanceofpageintentionallyleftblank]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Parties have signed this Note Purchase Agreement in one or more counterparts as of the date first appearing above.

NEXTNAV INC. 

By: 

/s/ Mariam Sorond 

Name: 

Mariam Sorond 

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer 

[SignaturesofPurchasersonfilewiththeCompany]

Signature Page to Note Purchase Agreement

13

APPENDIX A

DEFINITIONS

Definitions. As used herein:

2023 Indenture means that certain indenture, dated as of May 9, 2023, by and among the Company, the guarantors party thereto, the Trustee, as trustee, and the Collateral Agent, as collateral agent.

2026 Notes means the Companys 10% Senior Secured Notes due 2026, issued pursuant to the 2023 Indenture. 

A Block APA means that certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated March 7, 2024, by and among Telesaurus Holdings GB LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; Skybridge Spectrum Foundation, a Delaware non-profit corporation; the Company; and Progeny LMS, LLC, an Indiana limited liability company.

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person (defined below), (i) each Person that, directly or indirectly, owns or controls, whether beneficially, or as a trustee, guardian or other fiduciary, 5% or more of the equity interests having ordinary voting power in the election of directors or managers of such Person, (ii) each Person that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person or any Affiliate of such Person, (iii) each of such Persons officers, directors, joint ventures and partners, (iv) any trust or beneficiary of a trust of which such Person is the sole trustee or (v) any lineal descendants, ancestors, spouse or former spouses (as part of a marital dissolution) of such Person (or any trust for the benefit of such Person). For the purpose of this definition, control of a Person shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of its management or policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

Business Day means (i) a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market, (ii) if the Common Stock is not listed on any Trading Market, a day on which the Common Stock is quoted in the over-the-counter market as reported by the National Quotation Bureau Incorporated (or any similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices) or (iii) in the event that the Common Stock is not listed or quoted as set forth in (i) and (ii) hereof, any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in The City of New York are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to remain closed.

Capital Lease Obligation means, with respect to any Person, all obligations to pay rent or other payment amounts under a lease of real or personal property of such Person which, under GAAP, are or will be required to be capitalized on the books of such Person, in each case taken at the amount thereof accounted for as indebtedness in accordance with such principles; provided, however, that any change in accounting for leases pursuant to GAAP resulting from the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), to the extent such adoption would require treating any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) as a capital lease where such lease (or similar arrangement) would not have been required to be so treated under GAAP as in effect prior to such adoption, shall be disregarded and such lease shall not be considered a Capital Lease Obligation for purposes of this Agreement.

Conversion Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of and pursuant to the terms of the Notes.

Closing Expense Amount shall be the total of M-Cors actual, documented third-party out of pocket legal expenses incurred by M-Cor in connection with the preparation and negotiation of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents in connection with the Closing; provided that the Closing Expense Amount shall not exceed $550,000.00.

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, as in effect from time to time.

Governmental Authority shall mean any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, and any agency, department or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government.

14

Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor) means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness of any other Person (the primary obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness of the payment thereof, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or (iv) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness; provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in effect at Closing or entered into after Closing in connection with any acquisition or disposition of assets permitted under this Indenture (other than such obligations with respect to Indebtedness). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be the lower of (i) an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made and (ii) the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing Person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument embodying such Guarantee or, if such Guarantee is not an unconditional guarantee of the entire amount of the primary obligation and such maximum amount is not stated or determinable, the amount of such guaranteeing Persons maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by such Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning.

Indebtedness means, without duplication without duplication, (i) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money other than that certain term loan issued to NextNav France, S.A. in 2025 with the outstanding balance of approximately the amount of $129,000, (ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments to the extent the same would appear as a liability on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP, (iii) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person, (iv) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding (A) trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business, (B) any earn-out obligation, purchase price adjustment or similar obligation until such obligation becomes a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP and if not paid after being due and payable, including, without limitation, such obligation set forth in the A Block APA, and (C) liabilities associated with customer prepayments and deposits), (v) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed, (vi) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (vii) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (viii) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty, and (ix) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances;providedthat the term Indebtedness shall not include (i) deferred or prepaid revenue; (ii) purchase price holdbacks in respect of a portion of the purchase price of an asset to satisfy warranty or other unperformed obligations of the seller; and (iii)any indebtednesspermitted to be incurred by the Company pursuant to Sections 4.10(a)(iv)-(xi)ofthe 2023 Indenture.

Lien means any mortgage or deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, lien, charge, claim, transfer restriction, security interest, easement or encumbrance, or preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, any title retention agreement, any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, and the filing of, or agreement to give, any financing statement perfecting a security interest as to assets owned by the relevant Person under the Uniform Commercial Code or comparable law of any jurisdiction).

Material Adverse Effect means (i) a material and adverse effect on the rights and remedies of the Purchasers or Collateral Agent (as defined in the Security Agreement) under the Transaction Documents, including the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business or financial condition of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, or (iii) a material and adverse impairment of the Companys ability, or any subsidiarys ability to perform fully on a timely basis its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents to which the Company or such subsidiary is party.

M-Cor means,collectively, MCC Steer LLC and MCC Coyote LLC.

Person means an individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization, any other business entity, or a Governmental Authority.

Securities means, collectively, the Notes, the Conversion Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Termination Expense Amount shall be the total of the Lead Purchasers actual, documented third-party out of pocket legal expenses incurred by M-Cor in connection with the preparation and negotiation of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents in event the Closing does not occur; provided that the Termination Expense Amount shall not exceed $275,000.00.

Trading Market means whichever of the NYSE American, New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market, Nasdaq Global Select Market or such other United States registered national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question.

15

EXHIBIT A

Form of Indenture

16

EXHIBIT B

Form of Warrant

17

EXHIBIT C

FormofResaleRegistrationRights Agreement

18

EXHIBIT D

Form of Security Agreement

19

EXHIBIT E

Form of Accredited Investor Questionnaire

20
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex102_2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

NEXTNAV INC.

AND

THE NOTES GUARANTORS LISTED ON THE SIGNATURE PAGES HERETO

AND

GLAS TRUST COMPANY LLC,

as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent 

INDENTURE

Dated as of [], 2025

5.00% Senior Secured Convertible Notes due 2028

TABLEOFCONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS 1

Section 1.01 Definitions 1

Section 1.02 References to Interest 26

Section 1.03 Terms Generally 26

Section 1.04 Accounting Terms; GAAP 26

Section 1.05 Currency Translation; Rates 26

Section 1.06 Certain Calculations and Tests 26

Section 1.07 Divisions 26

ARTICLE 2 ISSUE, DESCRIPTION, EXECUTION, REGISTRATION AND EXCHANGE OF NOTES 27

Section 2.01 Designation and Amount 27

Section 2.02 Form of Notes 27

Section 2.03 Date and Denomination of Notes; Payments of Interest and Defaulted Amounts. 27

Section 2.04 Execution, Authentication and Delivery of Notes. 28

Section 2.05 Exchange and Registration of Transfer of Notes; Restrictions on Transfer. 28

Section 2.06 Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes 32

Section 2.07 Cancellation of Notes Paid, Converted, Etc 33

Section 2.08 CUSIP Numbers 33

Section 2.09 Repurchases 33

ARTICLE 3 SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE 33

Section 3.01 Satisfaction and Discharge 33

ARTICLE 4 PARTICULAR COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY 33

Section 4.01 Payment of Principal and Interest 33

Section 4.02 Maintenance of Office or Agency 33

Section 4.03 Appointments to Fill Vacancies in Trustees Office 34

Section 4.04 Provisions as to Paying Agent 34

Section 4.05 Existence 35

Section 4.06 Rule 144A Information Requirement; Reports; and Additional Interest 35

Section 4.07 Stay, Extension and Usury Laws 37

Section 4.08 Compliance Certificate; Statements as to Defaults 37

Section 4.09 [Reserved] 37

Section 4.10 Indebtedness; Certain Equity Securities 37

Section 4.11 Liens 39

Section 4.12 Fundamental Changes 39

Section 4.13 Investments 39

Section 4.14 Asset Sales 39

Section 4.15 Activities of the Blocker Subsidiaries 41

Section 4.16 Negative Pledge 41

Section 4.17 Restricted Payments 42

Section 4.18 Transactions with Affiliates 43

Section 4.19 [Reserved] 43

Section 4.20 Change in Nature of Business 43

Section 4.21 Accounting Changes 43

Section 4.22 Amendments or Waivers of Organizational Documents 43

Section 4.23 Intellectual Property 43

Section 4.24 Additional Note Guarantees 43

Section 4.25 After-Acquired Property 44

Section 4.26 No Impairment of the Security Interests 44

Section 4.27 No Dilutive Transactions 44

i

ARTICLE 5 LISTS OF HOLDERS AND REPORTS BY THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE 45

Section 5.01 Lists of Holders 45

Section 5.02 Preservation and Disclosure of Lists 45

ARTICLE 6 DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 45

Section 6.01 Events of Default 45

Section 6.02 Acceleration; Rescission and Annulment 46

Section 6.03 Additional Interest 47

Section 6.04 Payments of Notes on Default; Suit Therefor 47

Section 6.05 Application of Monies Collected by Trustee 48

Section 6.06 Proceedings by Holders 49

Section 6.07 Proceedings by Trustee 49

Section 6.08 Remedies Cumulative and Continuing 50

Section 6.09 Direction of Proceedings and Waiver of Defaults by the Majority Holders 50

Section 6.10 Notice of Defaults 50

Section 6.11 Undertaking to Pay Costs 50

ARTICLE 7 CONCERNING THE TRUSTEE 51

Section 7.01 Duties and Responsibilities of Trustee 51

Section 7.02 Reliance on Documents, Opinions, Etc 52

Section 7.03 No Responsibility for Recitals, Etc 55

Section 7.04 Trustee, Paying Agents, Conversion Agents or Note Registrar May Own Notes 55

Section 7.05 Monies and Common Shares to Be Held in Trust 55

Section 7.06 Compensation and Expenses of Trustee 55

Section 7.07 Officers Certificate as Evidence 56

Section 7.08 Eligibility of Trustee 56

Section 7.09 Resignation or Removal of Trustee 56

Section 7.10 Acceptance by Successor Trustee 57

Section 7.11 Succession by Merger, Etc 57

Section 7.12 Trustees Application for Instructions from the Company 58

Section 7.13 Collateral Documents 58

ARTICLE 8 CONCERNING THE HOLDERS 58

Section 8.01 Action by Holders 58

Section 8.02 Proof of Execution by Holders 77 58

Section 8.03 Who Are Deemed Absolute Owners 58

Section 8.04 Company-Owned Notes Disregarded 58

Section 8.05 Revocation of Consents; Future Holders Bound 59

ARTICLE 9 HOLDERS MEETINGS 59

Section 9.01 Purpose of Meetings 59

Section 9.02 Call of Meetings by Trustee 59

Section 9.03 Call of Meetings by Company or Holders 59

Section 9.04 Qualifications for Voting 59

Section 9.05 Regulations 59

Section 9.06 Voting 60

Section 9.07 No Delay of Rights by Meeting 60

ARTICLE 10 SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES 60

Section 10.01 Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders 60

Section 10.02 Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders 61

Section 10.03 Effect of Supplemental Indentures 62

Section 10.04 Notation on Notes 62

Section 10.05 Evidence of Compliance of Supplemental Indenture to Be Furnished to Trustee 62

ARTICLE 11 CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, SALE, CONVEYANCE AND LEASE 62

Section 11.01 Company May Consolidate, Etc. on Certain Terms 62

Section 11.02 [Reserved] 63

Section 11.03 Note Guarantors May Consolidate, Etc. on Certain Terms 63

Section 11.04 Opinion of Counsel to Be Given to Trustee 63

ARTICLE 12 IMMUNITY OF INCORPORATORS, SHAREHOLDERS, OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS 63

Section 12.01 Indenture and Notes Solely Corporate Obligations 63

ii

ARTICLE 13 NOTE GUARANTEES 63

Section 13.01 Note Guarantees 63

Section 13.02 Execution and Delivery of Note Guarantees 64

Section 13.03 Limitation on Note Guarantor Liability 64

Section 13.04 Merger and Consolidation of Note Guarantors 65

Section 13.05 Release 65

ARTICLE 14 CONVERSION OF NOTES 65

Section 14.01 Conversion Privilege 65

Section 14.02 Conversion Procedure; Settlement Upon Conversion 65

Section 14.03 [Reserved] 66

Section 14.04 Adjustment of Conversion Rate 67

Section 14.05 Adjustments of Prices 74

Section 14.06 Shares to Be Fully Paid 74

Section 14.07 Effect of Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of the Common Stock 74

Section 14.08 Certain Covenants 75

Section 14.09 Responsibility of Trustee and Conversion Agent 76

Section 14.10 Notice to Holders Prior to Certain Actions 76

Section 14.11 Stockholder Rights Plans 76

Section 14.12 Stock Exchange Limitations 76

ARTICLE 15 OPTIONAL REDEMPTION 77

Section 15.01 Optional Redemption 77

Section 15.02 Notice of Optional Redemption; Selection of Notes. 77

Section 15.03 Payment of Notes Called for Redemption 78

ARTICLE 16 MANDATORY REPURCHASE OFFERS; REPURCHASE OF NOTES AT OPTION OF HOLDERS 78

Section 16.01 Mandatory Repurchase Offers 78

Section 16.02 Mandatory Repurchase Offer Notices; Selection of Notes 79

Section 16.03 Repurchase at Option of Holders Upon a Fundamental Change 80

Section 16.04 Withdrawal of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice 82

Section 16.05 Deposit of Fundamental Change Repurchase Price 83

Section 16.06 Covenant to Comply with Applicable Laws Upon Repurchase of Notes 83

ARTICLE 17 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 84

Section 17.01 Provisions Binding on Companys Successors 84

Section 17.02 Official Acts by Successor Corporation 84

Section 17.03 Addresses for Notices, Etc 84

Section 17.04 Governing Law; Jurisdiction 85

Section 17.05 Evidence of Compliance with Conditions Precedent; Certificates and Opinions of Counsel to Trustee 85

Section 17.06 Legal Holidays 85

Section 17.07 Agent for Service of Process 86

Section 17.08 Benefits of Indenture 86

Section 17.09 Table of Contents, Headings, Etc 86

Section 17.10 Authenticating Agent 86

Section 17.11 Execution in Counterparts 88

Section 17.12 Severability 88

Section 17.13 Waiver of Jury Trial 88

Section 17.14 Force Majeure 88

Section 17.15 Calculations 88

Section 17.16 U.S.A. Patriot Act 88

Section 17.17 Tax Matters. 89

ARTICLE 18 COLLATERAL 90

Section 18.01 Collateral Documents. 90

Section 18.02 Release of Collateral. 90

Section 18.03 Suits to Protect the Collateral 91

Section 18.04 Authorization of Receipt of Funds by the Trustee Under the Collateral Documents 91

Section 18.05 Purchaser Protected 91

Section 18.06 Powers Exercisable by Receiver or Trustee 92

Section 18.07 Notes Collateral Agent. 92

iii

EXHIBITS

Exhibit A 

Form of Note 

A-1

Exhibit B 

Form of Supplemental Indenture to be Delivered by Subsequent Note Guarantors 

B-1

vi

INDENTURE, dated as of [], 2025,among NEXTNAV INC., a Delaware corporation, as issuer (the Company, as more fully set forth in Section 1.01), the Note Guarantors listed on the signature pages hereto, and GLAS TRUST COMPANY LLC, a limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of the State of New Hampshire, not in its individual capacity but solely as Trustee (the Trustee, as more fully set forth in Section 1.01) and Notes Collateral Agent (the NotesCollateralAgent).

In order to declare the terms and conditions upon which the Companys 5.00% Senior Secured Convertible Notes due 2028issued on the date hereof, and from time to time,in an initial aggregate principal amount not to exceed $190.0 million(the Notes),are, and are to be,authenticated, issued and delivered, and to declare the terms and conditions upon which the related Note Guarantees (as defined below) are to be issued and delivered (and in consideration of the premises and of the purchase and acceptance of the Notes and the Note Guarantees by the Holders thereof), the Company and each Note Guarantor covenants and agrees with the Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent for the equal and proportionate benefit of the respective Holders from time to time of the Notes (except as otherwise provided below), as follows:

ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01Definitions

. The terms defined in this Section 1.01 (except as herein otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires) for all purposes of this Indenture and of any indenture supplemental hereto shall have the respective meanings specified in this Section 1.01.The words herein, hereof, hereunder and words of similar import refer to this Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision. The terms defined in this Article include the plural as well as the singular.

A Block APA means that certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2024, among the Company, Progeny LMS, LLC and Telesaurus Holdings GB LLC, and Skybridge Spectrum Foundation. 

Action shall have the meaning specified in Section 18.07(v).

Additional Interest means all amounts, if any, payable pursuant to Section 4.06(d), Section 4.06(e) and Section 6.03, as applicable.

Affiliate of any specified Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, control, when used with respect to any specified Person means the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms controlling and controlled have meanings correlative to the foregoing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the determination of whether one Person is an Affiliate of another Person for purposes of this Indenture shall be made based on the facts at the time such determination is made or required to be made, as the case may be, hereunder.

1

After-Acquired Property means assets or property (other than Excluded Assets) that is intended to be Collateral acquired by the Company or a Note Guarantor (including assets or property of a Person that becomes a new Note Guarantor after the Issue Date) that is not automatically subject to a perfected security interest under the Collateral Documents.

Agreed Guarantee Principles shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.24(e).

Applicable Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds means IP Sales Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds or Spectrum Sales Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds, as applicable.

Asset Sale means, (a) the sale, lease (other than an operating lease entered into in the ordinary course of business), conveyance, transfer or other disposition (whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions that are part of a common plan) of assets or property of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Non-Ordinary Course IP Sale or Non- Ordinary Course Spectrum Sale) or (b) the issuance or sale of shares of Capital Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary (other than directors qualifying shares and shares issued to foreign nationals or other third parties to the extent required by applicable law), in each case by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (each referred to for the purposes of this definition as a disposition).

Notwithstanding the preceding, the following items shall not be deemed to be Asset Sales:(a)an issuance or other disposition of Capital Stock, property or other assets by a Restricted Subsidiary to the Company or by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary to a Restricted Subsidiary;(b)the disposition of cash, Cash Equivalents and securities not otherwise contrary to this Indenture;(c)a disposition of obsolete, surplus, damaged or worn out property, equipment or other assets, or of property, equipment or other assets that are no longer useful or economically practicable to maintain in the conduct of the business of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries (including (i) allowing any registration or application for registration of any Intellectual Property that is no longer used or useful, or economically practicable to maintain, to lapse, go abandoned, or be invalidated or (ii) disposing of, discontinuing the use or maintenance of, abandoning, failing to pursue or otherwise allowing to lapse, expire, terminate or put into the public domain any of its Intellectual Property if the Company determines in its reasonable business judgment that such discontinuance is desirable in the conduct of its business); and(d)dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business (including on an intercompany basis);(e)the disposition of all or substantially all of the assets and properties of the Company in a manner permitted pursuant to Section 11.01 or any disposition that constitutes a Fundamental Change;(f)any Restricted Payment that is permitted to be made, and is made, under Section 4.17 or any Permitted Investment;(g)dispositions of assets or property, or issuances or sales of Capital Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary, in a single transaction or series of related transactions, in the aggregate not to exceed $1.0 million of Fair Market Value;

2

(h)the creation or incurrence of a Permitted Lien and dispositions in connection therewith;(i)dispositions of receivables in connection with the compromise, settlement or collection thereof in the ordinary course of business or in bankruptcy or similar proceedings;(j)the lease, assignment, license, sublicense or sublease of any real or personal property, including, without limitation, the non-exclusive license, sub-license or lease of Intellectual Property (it being understood that licensing that is exclusive to particular jurisdictions outside of the United States shall be treated as non-exclusive licensing) and/or spectrum, in each case, in the ordinary course of business;(k)a surrender or waiver of obligations of trade creditors or customers or contract rights (including, without limitation, pursuant to any plan of reorganization or similar arrangement upon the bankruptcy or insolvency of any trade creditor or customer) or a compromise, settlement, release or surrender of any contract, tort or other claim in the ordinary course of business;(l)dispositions arising from any foreclosures, condemnations, eminent domain, seizure, nationalization or any similar actions on assets or property;(m)a disposition in the ordinary course of business;(n)[reserved]; and(o)the grant of an end-of-term purchase option to a licensee or lessee of spectrum; provided that the exercise of such option by the customer (A) will result in cash proceeds to the Company sufficient to repay the Notes in full and (B) is subject to and conditioned upon the prior or concurrent repayment in full of the Notes.

Asset Sale Offer shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.14(d).

Bankruptcy Law means any of Title 11 of the United States Code and any other applicable insolvency, corporate arrangement or restructuring or other similar law of any jurisdiction including any law of any jurisdiction permitting a debtor to obtain a stay or a compromise of the claims of its creditors against it.

3

Blocker Subsidiaries means, collectively, NextNav Acquisition Corporation, NextNav MS 3, LLC, NextNav MS 4, LLC, NextNav MS 5, LLC, NextNav MS 6, LLC and NextNav MS 7, LLC.

Board of Directors means, with respect to any Person, (a) in the case of any corporation, the board of directors of such Person or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of such board, (b) in the case of any limited liability company, the board of managers, board of directors, manager or managing member of such Person or the functional equivalent of the foregoing, (c) in the case of any partnership, the board of directors, board of managers, manager or managing member of a general partner of such Person or the functional equivalent of the foregoing and (d) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing.

Board Resolution means a copy of a resolution certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company to have been duly adopted by the Board of Directors, and to be in full force and effect on the date of such certification, and delivered to the Trustee.

Business Day means, with respect to any Note, any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed.

Capital Lease Obligation means, with respect to any Person, all obligations to pay rent or other payment amounts under a lease of real or personal property of such Person which, under GAAP, are or will be required to be capitalized on the books of such Person, in each case taken at the amount thereof accounted for as indebtedness in accordance with such principles; provided,however, that any change in accounting for leases pursuant to GAAP resulting from the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), to the extent such adoption would require treating any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) as a capital lease where such lease (or similar arrangement) would not have been required to be so treated under GAAP as in effect prior to such adoption, shall be disregarded and such lease shall not be considered a Capital Lease Obligation for purposes of this Indenture.

Capital Stock means, for any entity, any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or other equivalents of or interests in (however designated) stock issued by that entity.

Cash Equivalents means any of the following:(a)U.S. dollars, or in the case of any Foreign Subsidiary, such local currencies held by it from time to time in the ordinary course of business;

4

(b)readily marketable obligations issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the government or any agency or instrumentality of (i) the United States or (ii) any member nation of the European Union rated A-2 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by S&P or P-2 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moodys, having average maturities of not more than 24 months from the date of acquisition thereof; provided that the full faith and credit of the United States or such member nation of the European Union is pledged in support thereof;(c)time deposits with, or insured certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances of, any commercial bank that (i) is a lender or (ii) has combined capital and surplus of at least (x) $250,000,000 in the case of U.S. banks and (y) $100,000,000 in the case of non- U.S. banks (any such bank meeting the requirements of clause (i) or (ii) above being an Approved Bank), in each case with average maturities of not more than 12 months from the date of acquisition thereof; and(d)commercial paper and variable or fixed rate notes issued by an Approved Bank (or by the parent company thereof) or any variable or fixed rate note issued by, or guaranteed by, a corporation rated A-2 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by S&P or P-2 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moodys, in each case with average maturities of not more than 24 months from the date of acquisition thereof.

CERCLA shall have the meaning specified in Section 18.07(q).

CFC means a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (including regulations and guidance thereunder).

Clause A Distribution shall have the meaning specified inSection 14.04(c).

Clause B Distribution shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c).

Clause C Distribution shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c).

close of business means 5:00 p.m. (New York City time).

Code shall have the meaning specified in Section 17.17.

Collateral has the meaning provided for such term or a similar term in each of the Collateral Documents and all other property of whatever kind and nature subject (or purported to be subject) from time to time to a Lien under any Collateral Document.

Collateral Document Order shall have the meaning specified in Section 18.07(r).

5

Collateral Documents means, collectively, the Security Agreement and each other security agreement, pledge, debenture, hypothec, mortgage, consent or other instrument or document, as applicable, executed and delivered by the Company and/or the other Note Guarantors in connection with this Indenture to secure the applicable Notes Obligations.

Commercialization Investments means Investments on arms length terms made in connection with the expansion of the Companys business into new markets (whether domestic or outside of the United States), including, without limitation, warrants or other Equity Interests received in any customer or such customers affiliates in connection with the entry into new license, network support, or other commercial arrangements, that, in the aggregate, do not involve cash Investments in excess of $7.0 million during the term of this Agreement, plus the amount of any returns (including dividends, payments, interest, distributions, returns of principal, profits on sale, repayments, income and similar amounts) in respect of such Investments.

Commission means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Equity of any Person means Capital Stock of such Person that is generally entitled (a) to vote in the election of directors of such Person or (b) if such Person is not a corporation, to vote or otherwise participate in the selection of the governing body, partners, managers or others that will control the management or policies of such Person.

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, at the date of this Indenture, subject to Section 14.07.

Company shall have the meaning specified in the first paragraph of this Indenture, and subject to the provisions of Article11, shall include its successors and assigns.

Company Order means a written order of the Company, signed by the Companys Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Executive or Senior Vice President, any Vice President (whether or not designated by a number or numbers or word or words added before or after the title Vice President), the Companys Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer or the Companys Secretary or any Assistant Secretary, and delivered to the Trustee.

Conversion Agent shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.02.

Conversion Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(c).

Conversion Obligation shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01.

6

Conversion Price means, with respect to any given Note, as of any time, $1,000, divided by the Conversion Rate of such Note as of such time.

Conversion Rate for a Note shall have the meaning specified in such Note.

Corporate Trust Office means the designated office of the Trustee at which at any time its corporate trust business shall be administered, which office at the date hereof is located at 3 Second Street, Suite 206, Jersey City, New Jersey 07311, United States of America, or such other address as the Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Company, or the principal corporate trust office of any successor Trustee (or such other address as such successor Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Company).

Daily VWAP means, for the applicable Trading Day, the per share volume-weighted average price as displayed under the heading Bloomberg VWAP on Bloomberg page NN AQR (or its equivalent successor if such page is not available) in respect of such day from the scheduled open of trading until the scheduled close of trading of the primary trading session on such Trading Day (or if such volume-weighted average price is unavailable, the market value of one share of the Common Stock on such Trading Day reasonably determined, using a volume-weighted average method, by a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm retained for this purpose by the Company). The Daily VWAP shall be determined without regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside of the regular trading session trading hours.

Default means any event that is, or after notice or passage of time, or both, would be, an Event of Default.

Defaulted Amounts means any amounts on any Note or Note Guarantee that are payable but are not punctually paid or duly provided for.

Definitive Registered Notes means permanent certificated Notes in registered form issued in denominations of $1,000 principal amount and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.

Dilutive Transaction has the meaning set forth in Section 14.04(f).

Disqualified Equity Interest means, with respect to any Person, any Equity Interest in such Person that by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable, either mandatorily or at the option of the holder thereof), or upon the happening of any event or condition:

7

(a)matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Equity Interests in such Person that do not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests and cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Equity Interests), whether pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise;(b)is convertible or exchangeable, either mandatorily or at the option of the holder thereof, for Indebtedness or Equity Interests (other than solely for Equity Interests in such Person that do not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests and cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Equity Interests); or(c)is redeemable (other than solely for Equity Interests in such Person that do not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests and cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Equity Interests) or is required to be repurchased by such Person or any of its Affiliates, in whole or in part, at the option of the holder thereof;

in each case, on or prior to the date 91 days after the Maturity Date (determined as of the date of issuance thereof or, in the case of any such Equity Interests outstanding on the date hereof, the date hereof); provided, however, that (i) an Equity Interest in any Person that would not constitute a Disqualified Equity Interest but for terms thereof giving holders thereof the right to require such Person to redeem or purchase such Equity Interest upon the occurrence of an asset sale, a change of control or similar event shall not constitute a Disqualified Equity Interest if any such requirement becomes operative only after repayment in full of all the Notes and all other Notes Obligations that are accrued and payable, (ii) if an Equity Interest in any Person is issued pursuant to any plan for the benefit of directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants, of the Company or any Subsidiary or by any such plan to such employees, such Equity Interest shall not constitute a Disqualified Equity Interest solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the Company or any Subsidiary in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations of such Person and (iii) no Equity Interest held by any future, present or former employee, director, officer, manager, member of management, consultant or independent contractor (or their respective affiliates or immediate family members) of the Company (or any subsidiary) shall be considered a Disqualified Equity Interest solely because such stock is redeemable or subject to repurchase pursuant to any customary stock option, employee stock award or similar agreement that may be in effect from time to time.

Dollars or $ refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 

Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is not a Foreign Subsidiary. 

Effective Date means the first date on which shares of the Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, reflecting the relevant share split or share combination, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, any alternative trading convention on the applicable exchange or market in respect of shares of the Common Stock under a separate ticker symbol or CUSIP number will not be considered regular way for this purpose.

Effective Price means, with respect to the issuance or sale of any shares of Common Stock or Equity-Linked Securities:

(a)in the case of the issuance or sale of shares of Common Stock, the value of the consideration received by the Company for such shares, expressed as an amount per share of Common Stock; and

(b)in the case of the issuance or sale of any Equity-Linked Securities, an amount equal to a fraction whose:

8

(i)numerator is equal to sum, without duplication, of (1) the value of the aggregate consideration received by the Company for the issuance or sale of such Equity-Linked Securities; and (2) the value of the minimum aggregate additional consideration, if any, payable to purchase or otherwise acquire shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Equity-Linked Securities; and

(ii)denominator is equal to the maximum number of shares of Common Stock underlying such Equity-Linked Securities; provided, however, that:

(w)for purposes of this definition, (i) the value of consideration received by the Company shall be determined without deduction of any customary underwriting or similar commissions, reasonable compensation or reasonable concessions paid or allowed by the Company in connection with such issue or sale and without deduction of any reasonable and documented expenses payable by the Company, (ii) to the extent any such consideration consists of property other than cash, the value of such property shall be its fair market value as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company, and (iii) if shares of Common Stock or Equity-Linked Securities are issued or sold together with other Capital Stock or securities or other assets of the Company for a consideration that covers both, the Board of Directors of the Company shall determine in good faith the portion of the consideration so received to be allocable to such shares of Common Stock or Equity-Linked Securities;

(x)for purposes of clause (b) above, if such minimum aggregate consideration, or such maximum number of shares of Common Stock, is not determinable at the time such Equity-Linked Securities are issued or sold, then (i) the initial consideration payable under such Equity-Linked Securities, or the initial number of shares of Common Stock underlying such Equity-Linked Securities, as applicable, will be used; and (ii) at each time thereafter when such amount of consideration or number of shares becomes determinable or is otherwise adjusted (other than pursuant to anti-dilution or similar provisions for which corresponding adjustments are made under clauses (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) of Section 14.04 hereof), there will be deemed to occur, for purposes of Section 14.04(f) and without affecting any prior adjustments theretofore made to the Conversion Rate of a Note, an issuance of additional Equity-Linked Securities;

(y)for purposes of clause (b) above, the surrender, extinguishment, conversion, exchange, maturity or other expiration of any such Equity-Linked Securities will be deemed not to constitute consideration payable to purchase or otherwise acquire shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Equity-Linked Securities; and

(z)the value of any such consideration will be the fair value thereof, as of the date such shares or Equity-Linked Securities, as applicable, are issued or sold, determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company (or, in the case of cash denominated in U.S. dollars, the face amount thereof).

9

Equity Interests means shares of Capital Stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in, or interests in a Person, including Capital Stock of any class or classes (however designated) which is preferred as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation or dissolution of such Person, over shares of Capital Stock of any other class of such Person (Preferred Equity Interests).

Equity-Linked Securities means any rights, options or warrants to purchase or otherwise acquire (including upon any exchange, conversion or other exercise of any securities or other instruments, and whether immediately, during specified times, upon the satisfaction of any conditions or otherwise) any shares of Common Stock.

Event of Default shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.01.

Excess Proceeds shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.14(d).

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange Rate means on any day, for purposes of determining the Dollar Equivalent of any currency other than Dollars, the rate at which such other currency may be exchanged into Dollars at the time of determination on such day as set forth on the Reuters WRLD Page for such currency. In the event that such rate does not appear on any Reuters WRLD Page, the Exchange Rate shall be determined by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates as selected in good faith by the Company.

Excluded Assets means (a) any fee-owned real property with a Fair Market Value of less than $1,000,000 as determined on the Issue Date for existing real property and on the date of acquisition for after-acquired real property, (b) all leasehold interests in real property, (c) any governmental licenses or state or local franchises, charters or authorizations, to the extent a security interest in any such license, franchise, charter or authorization would be prohibited or restricted thereby (including any legally effective prohibition or restriction, but excluding any prohibition or restriction that is ineffective under the Uniform Commercial Code of any applicable jurisdiction), (d)any asset if, to the extent that and for so long as the grant of a Lien thereon to secure the Notes Obligations is prohibited by any Requirements of Law (other than to the extent that any such prohibition would be rendered ineffective pursuant to any other applicable Requirements of Law, including the Uniform Commercial Code of any applicable jurisdiction), or would require consent or approval of any Governmental Authority, (e) the Equity Interests of any (i) captive insurance company, or (ii) not-for-profit subsidiary, (f) margin stock and, to the extent (i) prohibited by the terms of, creating an enforceable right of termination in favor of any other party thereto (other than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) or requiring the consent of one or more third parties (other than the Company or any of its subsidiaries) under and/or (ii) any pledge could give rise to a right of first refusal, a right of first offer or a similar right that may be exercised by any third party (other than the Company or any of its subsidiaries) pursuant to, any applicable Organizational Documents, joint venture agreement or shareholders agreement, Equity Interests in any Person other than the Company and Restricted Subsidiaries that are Wholly Owned Subsidiaries, (g) except to the extent as could not reasonably be expected to result in adverse tax consequences for the Company or any Note Guarantor as determined by the Company acting in good faith, the Equity Interests (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) of any Foreign Subsidiary that is a CFC or any Domestic Subsidiary (A) of a Foreign Subsidiary that is a CFC or (B) that has no material assets other than Capital Stock (or Capital Stock and Indebtedness) of a Foreign Subsidiary that is a CFC (clauses A and (B) together, an Excluded Domestic Subsidiary), other than 65% of voting Equity Interests (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.956-2(c)(2)) and 100% of the non-voting Equity Interests (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) of any Foreign Subsidiary that is a CFC or Excluded Domestic Subsidiary directly owned by the Company or a Note Guarantor, as applicable, (h) [reserved], (i) any lease, license or other agreement or any property subject thereto (including pursuant to a purchase money security interest, capital lease or similar arrangement) to the extent that a grant of a security interest therein would violate or invalidate such lease, license or agreement or purchase money arrangement or capital lease or create a breach, default or right of termination in favor of any other party thereto (other than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code of any applicable jurisdiction or other similar applicable law, other than proceeds and receivables thereof, the assignment of which is expressly deemed effective under the Uniform Commercial Code of any applicable jurisdiction or other similar applicable law notwithstanding such prohibition, (j) [reserved], or (k) cash or Cash Equivalents maintained in any deposit account that are comprised of (i) funds used or to be used for payroll and payroll taxes and other employee benefit payments to or for the benefit of the employees of the Company and/or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, during the applicable period, (ii) funds used or to be used to pay any taxes required to be collected, remitted or withheld during the current period and (iii) other funds which the Company or any Note Guarantor holds as an escrow or fiduciary for the benefit of any third person.

10

Excluded Subsidiary means any of the following: (a) any Subsidiary that is not a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Company; provided, that no Note Guarantor shall become an Excluded Subsidiary and cease being a Note Guarantor solely as a result of no longer constituting a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Company unless such Note Guarantor no longer constitutes a Subsidiary, (b) [reserved], (c) [reserved], (d) each Immaterial Subsidiary, (e) any Subsidiary that is prohibited by (i) applicable Requirements of Law or (ii) any contractual obligation existing on the Issue Date or on the date any such Subsidiary is acquired (so long as, in respect of any such contractual prohibition, such prohibition is not incurred in contemplation of, or in connection with, such acquisition), in each case from guaranteeing the Notes Obligations or which would require governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization to provide a Guarantee, (f) Commlabs Technology Centre Private Limited, a company organized under the laws of Bangalore, India, the French Holdco, and the French Subsidiary (each, an Excluded Foreign Subsidiary); provided, however, that the French Subsidiary shall be an Excluded Foreign Subsidiary only for so long as is permitted under Section 4.24(a), (g) any direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary of an Excluded Foreign Subsidiary to the extent a security interest or grant of perfection in such assets would result in material adverse Tax consequences to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as reasonably determined by the Company in consultation with the Trustee, (h) [reserved], (i) any other Subsidiary expressly excused from becoming a Note Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the Agreed Guarantee Principles, (j) [reserved], (k) [reserved] and (l) any not-for-profit Subsidiaries or captive insurance companies.

Exempt Transaction means (A) the Companys issuance or grant of shares of Common Stock, options to purchase shares of Common Stock or other equity awards to employees, directors or consultants of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to the Companys equity compensation plans in effect on the Issue Date and any future equity compensation plans that have been approved by a majority of the independent members of the Companys Board of Directors and are materially consistent with equity compensation plans that exist as of the Issue Date; (B) the Companys issuance of securities upon the exercise, exchange or conversion of any securities that are exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, shares of Common Stock and are outstanding as of the Issue Date; provided that such exercise, exchange or conversion is effected pursuant to the terms of such securities as in effect on the Issue Date; (C) the Companys issuance of the Notes and any shares of Common Stock upon conversion of such Notes; (D) the Companys issuance of shares of Common Stock or any options or convertible securities issued in connection with a merger or other business combination or an acquisition of the securities or assets of another Person, business unit, division or business, other than in connection with the broadly marketed offering and sale of equity or convertible securities for third-party financing of such transaction;(E) the Companys issuance of shares of Common Stock in an offering for cash for the account of the Company that is (x) underwritten on a firm commitment basis or (y) pursuant to an at the market equity sales program, in the case of (x) or (y), that is registered with the SEC under the Securities Act; and (F) any issuance by the Company of shares of Common Stock pursuant to the A Block APA. For purposes of this definition, consultant means a consultant that may participate in an employee benefit plan in accordance with the definition of such term in Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Ex-Dividend Date means the first date on which shares of the Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive the issuance, dividend or distribution in question, from the Company or, if applicable, from the seller of Common Stock on such exchange or market (in the form of due bills or otherwise) as determined by such exchange or market. For the avoidance of doubt, any alternative trading convention on the applicable exchange or market in respect of shares of the Common Stock under a separate ticker symbol or CUSIP number will not be considered regular way for this purpose.

Fair Market Value means with respect to any asset or group of assets on any date of determination, the value of the consideration obtainable in a sale of such asset at such date of determination assuming a sale by a willing seller to a willing purchaser dealing at arms length and arranged in an orderly manner over a reasonable period of time having regard to the nature and characteristics of such asset. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, such value shall be determined in good faith by the Company.

11

Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of the Company.

Floor Price means $[],[1] as adjusted for any stock split, combination, recapitalization or similar transaction.

Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia.

Form of Assignment and Transfer means the Form of Assignment and Transfer attached as Attachment 3 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Form of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice means the Form of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice attached as Attachment 2 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Form of Note means the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Form of Notice of Conversion means the Form of Notice of Conversion attached as Attachment 1 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A.

French Holdco means NextNAV Holdco France, SAS.

French Subsidiary shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.24(a).

Fundamental Change shall be deemed to have occurred at the time after the Notes are originally issued if any of the following occurs:

(a)a person or group within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, other than the Company, its Subsidiaries and the employee benefit plans of the Company and its Subsidiaries, files a Schedule TO or any schedule, form or report under the Exchange Act disclosing that such person or group has become the direct or indirect beneficial owner, as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, of the Companys Common Equity representing more than 50% of the voting power of all classes of the Companys Common Equity;

12

(b)the consummation of(A) any recapitalization, reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than changes resulting from a subdivision or a combination) as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities, other property or assets;(B) any share exchange, consolidation or merger of the Company pursuant to which the Common Stock will be converted into cash, securities or other property or assets; or (C) any sale, lease or other transfer in one transaction or a series of transactions of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person other than one of the Companys Wholly Owned Subsidiaries; provided, however, that a transaction described in clause (B) in which the holders of all classes of the Companys Common Equity immediately prior to such transaction own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of all classes of the Common Equity of the continuing or surviving corporation or transferee or the parent thereof immediately after such transaction in substantially the same proportions as such ownership immediately prior to such transaction pursuant to this clause (b) will not result in a Fundamental Change; or

(c)the Common Stock (or other common stock underlying the Notes) ceases to be listed or quoted on any of The New York Stock Exchange, The Nasdaq Global Select Market, The Nasdaq Global Market or The Nasdaq Capital Market (or any of their respective successors).

Fundamental Change Company Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.03(c).

Fundamental Change Repurchase Date shall have the meaning specified inSection 16.03(a).

Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.03(b)(i).

Fundamental Change Repurchase Price means, for any Notes to be repurchased pursuant to Section 16.03, 100% of the principal amount of such Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (unless the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date falls after a Regular Record Date but on or prior to the Interest Payment Date to which such Regular Record Date relates, in which case the Company shall instead pay the full amount of accrued and unpaid interest to Holders of record as of such Regular Record Date and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price shall be equal to 100% of the principal amount of Notes to be repurchased pursuant to Section 16.03); provided, however, if the consideration such Holder of Notes would have received if such Holder had converted such Notes into shares of Common Stock immediately prior to such Fundamental Change (the Alternate Consideration) is greater than the amount of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price calculated in accordance with the foregoing clause, then the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price shall be a cash amount equal to the Alternate Consideration.

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, as in effect from time to time.

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, provincial or territorial, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners and any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).

13

Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor) means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness of any other Person (the primary obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness; provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in effect on the Issue Date or entered into after the Issue Date in connection with any acquisition or disposition of assets permitted under this Indenture (other than such obligations with respect to Indebtedness). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be the lower of (i) an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made and (ii) the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing Person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument embodying such Guarantee or, if such Guarantee is not an unconditional guarantee of the entire amount of the primary obligation and such maximum amount is not stated or determinable, the amount of such guaranteeing Persons maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by such Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning.

Holder, as applied to any Note means any Person in whose name at the time a particular Note is registered on the Note Register.

Immaterial Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is not a Material Subsidiary.

Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication,(a)all obligations of such Person for borrowed money,(b)all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments to the extent the same would appear as a liability on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP,(c)all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person,(d)all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding (i) trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business, (ii) any earn-out obligation, purchase price adjustment or similar obligation until such obligation becomes a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP and if not paid after being due and payable and (iii) liabilities associated with customer prepayments and deposits),

14

(e)all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed,(f)all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others,(g)all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person,(h)all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty and(i)all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances;provided that the term Indebtedness shall not include (i) deferred or prepaid revenue and (ii) purchase price holdbacks in respect of a portion of the purchase price of an asset to satisfy warranty or other unperformed obligations of the seller.

The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner), to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Persons ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. The amount of Indebtedness of any Person for purposes of clause (e) above shall (unless such Indebtedness has been assumed by such Person) be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (A) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (B) the Fair Market Value of the property encumbered thereby as determined by such Person in good faith. For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries shall exclude intercompany liabilities arising from their cash management, tax, and accounting operations and intercompany loans, advances or Indebtedness having a term not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any rollover or extensions of terms) and made in the ordinary course of business.

Indenture means this instrument as originally executed or, if amended or supplemented as herein provided, as so amended or supplemented.

Independent Advisor shall have the meaning specified in Section 17.17(a)(i).

Intellectual Property means any intellectual property rights or industrial rights, including any of the following: (i) trademarks and service marks (registered or unregistered), trade dress, and all applications and registrations in any jurisdiction pertaining to the foregoing and all goodwill associated therewith; (ii) patents, patentable inventions, discoveries, improvements, ideas, know-how, formula methodology, processes, technology, computer programs and software (including, inter alia, embedded software, software distributed to clients and third parties), and all applications and patents in any jurisdiction pertaining to the foregoing; (iii) trade secrets, including confidential and other non-public information; (iv) copyrights in writings, designs, mask works or other works, and all applications and registrations in any jurisdiction for the foregoing and all moral rights related thereto; and (v) internet web sites, domain names, and all applications and registrations pertaining thereto.

15

Intended Tax Treatmentshall have the meaning specified in Section 17.17(a)(iii).

Interest Payment Date means each June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on June 1, 2025.

Investment means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of Equity Interests or Indebtedness or other securities of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of Indebtedness of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other Indebtedness or equity participation or interest in, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person (excluding, in the case of the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries, (i) intercompany advances arising from their cash management, cash pooling, tax, and accounting operations, (ii) intercompany loans, advances or Indebtedness having a term not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any rollover or extensions of terms) and made in the ordinary course of business) and (iii) intercompany advances, transfer pricing and cost-sharing arrangements that are in the ordinary course of business or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the property and assets or business of another Person or assets constituting a business unit, line of business or division of such Person. The amount, as of any date of determination, of (i) any Investment in the form of a loan or an advance shall be the principal amount thereof outstanding on such date, minus, to the extent any such loan or advance is made to any third party unaffiliated with the Company and its Subsidiaries, any cash payments actually received by such investor representing interest in respect of such Investment (to the extent any such payment to be deducted does not exceed the remaining principal amount of such Investment), but without any adjustment for writedowns or write-offs (including as a result of forgiveness of any portion thereof) with respect to such loan or advance after the date thereof, (ii) any Investment in the form of a Guarantee shall be equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof, as determined in good faith by a Financial Officer, (iii) any Investment in the form of a transfer of Equity Interests or other non-cash property by the investor to the investee, including any such transfer in the form of a capital contribution, shall be the Fair Market Value of such Equity Interests or other property as of the time of the transfer, without any other adjustment for increases or decreases in value of, or write-ups, write-downs or write-offs with respect to, such Investment after the date of such Investment, and (iv) any Investment (other than any Investment referred to in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above) by the specified Person in the form of a purchase or other acquisition for value of any Equity Interests (including through any capital contribution), evidences of Indebtedness or other securities of any other Person shall be the original cost of such Investment (including any Indebtedness assumed in connection therewith), plus (A) the cost of all additions thereto, and minus (B) to the extent such original Investment was made in cash, the amount of any portion of such Investments that has been repaid to the investor in cash as a repayment of principal or a return of capital, and of any cash payments actually received by such investor representing interest, dividends or other distributions in respect of such Investment (in all of the foregoing cases in this clause (B), to the extent such payments do not exceed, in the aggregate, the original cash amount of such Investment), but without any other adjustment for increases or decreases in value of, or write-ups, write-downs or write-offs with respect to, such Investment after the date of such Investment. For purposes of Section 4.13, if an Investment involves the acquisition of more than one Person, the amount of such Investment shall be allocated among the acquired Persons in accordance with GAAP; provided that pending the final determination of the amounts to be so allocated in accordance with GAAP, such allocation shall be as reasonably determined by a Financial Officer.

IP Sales Cumulative Excess Proceeds shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.01(a).

IP Sales Cumulative Threshold Amount shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.01(a).

16

IP Sales Mandatory Repurchase Offer shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.01(a).

IP Sales Mandatory Repurchase Offer Amount shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.01(a).

IP Sales Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.01(a).

IP Sales Twelve Month Excess Proceeds shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.01(a).

IP Sales Twelve Month Threshold Amount shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.01(a).

Issue Date means [], 2025, the first date of issuance of Notes under this Indenture.

Junior Financing means any Indebtedness (other than any permitted intercompany Indebtedness owing to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary and, for the avoidance of doubt, other than Indebtedness incurred under Section 4.10(a)(iv)) that is (a) subordinated in right of payment to the Notes Obligations, (b) Indebtedness that is secured on a junior basis to the Liens securing the Notes Obligations or (c) Indebtedness that is unsecured; provided that no such Junior Financing incurred or assumed on or after the Issue Date shall provide for any payments of principal, fees or other amounts (other than interest and customary third party agent or trustee fees) in cash on or prior to the date that is 91 days after the Maturity Date (determined as of the date of incurrence or assumption of such Junior Financing).

Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock (or other security for which a closing sale price must be determined) on any date means the closing sale price per share (or if no closing sale price is reported, the average of the bid and ask prices or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average bid and the average ask prices) on that date as reported in composite transactions for the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock (or such other security) is traded. If the Common Stock (or such other security) is not listed for trading on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange on the relevant date, the Last Reported Sale Price shall be the last quoted bid price for the Common Stock (or such other security) in the over-the-counter market on the relevant date as reported byOTC Markets Group Inc. or a similar organization. If the Common Stock (or such other security) is not so quoted, the Last Reported Sale Price shall be the average of the mid-point of the last bid and ask prices for the Common Stock (or such other security) on the relevant date from each of at least three nationally recognized independent investment banking firms selected by the Company for this purpose. The Last Reported Sale Price shall be determined without regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours.

Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset and (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset.

M-Cor means M-Cor Capital LLC (acting on behalf of itself, certain affiliates and/or funds and accounts that it manages and/or advises).

17

M-Cor Minimum Amount of Notes means 66 2/3% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes originally issued to M-Cor on the Issue Date.For purposes of determining whether M-Cor holds the M-Cor Minimum Amount of Notes as of any date, the Trustee may rely, without independent investigation, upon written confirmation from M-Cor or the Company of the principal amount of Notes held by M-Cor as of such date.

MajorityHolders means, at any time of determination, Holders of more than 50% of the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Notes.

Mandatory Offer Repurchase Price shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.02(a).

Mandatory Repurchase Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.02(a).

Mandatory Repurchase Offer means an IP Sales Mandatory Repurchase Offer or a Spectrum Sales Mandatory Repurchase Offer, as applicable.

Mandatory Repurchase Offer Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.02(b).

Mandatory Repurchase Offer Period shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.02(a).

Mandatory Repurchase Payment Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.02(c).

Material Adverse Effect means after the Issue Date, a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, financial condition or results of operations, in each case, of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the rights and remedies (taken as a whole) of the Holders of the Notes under the applicable Notes Documents or (c) the ability of the Company and Note Guarantors (taken as a whole) to perform their payment obligations under the applicable Notes Documents.

Material Subsidiary means (a) each Restricted Subsidiary that, as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Company most recently ended for which financial statements are available, had revenues or total assets (determined on a consolidated basis for such Restricted Subsidiary and its Restricted Subsidiaries) for such quarter in excess of 2.5% of the consolidated revenues or total assets, as applicable, of the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries for such quarter or that is designated by the Company as a Material Subsidiary and (b) any Restricted Subsidiary that is part of a group comprising Restricted Subsidiaries that each would not have been a Material Subsidiary under clause (a) but that, taken together, as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Company most recently ended for which financial statements are available, had revenues or total assets (determined on a consolidated basis for all such Restricted Subsidiaries and their respective Restricted Subsidiaries) for such quarter in excess of 5.0% of the consolidated revenues or total assets, as applicable, of the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries for such quarter. For the avoidance of doubt, the Blocker Subsidiaries are not and shall not be deemed to be a Material Subsidiary, individually or taken together.

Maturity Date means June 30, 2028.

18

Net Cash Proceeds means the aggregate cash proceeds (using the Fair Market Value of any Cash Equivalents) received by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of any Asset Sale, Non-Ordinary Course IP Sale or Non-Ordinary Course Spectrum Sale (including, without limitation, any cash payments received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or otherwise, but only as and when received, but excluding the assumption by the acquiring Person of Indebtedness relating to the disposed assets or other consideration received in any other non-cash form), net of the direct cash costs relating to such Asset Sale, Non-Ordinary Course IP Sale or Non-Ordinary Course Spectrum Sale (including, without limitation, legal, accounting and investment banking fees, and brokerage and sales commissions), and any relocation expenses incurred as a result thereof, taxes paid or payable as a result thereof, amounts required to be applied to the repayment of principal of, premium, if any, and interest on Indebtedness required (other than pursuant to Section 4.14(b) or Section 16.01) to be paid or repurchased as a result of such transaction, any costs associated with unwinding any related hedging obligations in connection with such transaction and any deduction of appropriate amounts to be provided by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries as a reserve in accordance with GAAP against any liabilities associated with the asset or property disposed of in such transaction and retained by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries after such sale or other disposition thereof, including, without limitation, pension and other post-employment benefit liabilities and liabilities related to environmental matters or against any indemnification obligations associated with such transaction.

Non-Ordinary Course IP Sale means the sale, assignment, license, or sublicense of any Intellectual Property outside of the ordinary course of business and on an exclusive basis.

Non-Ordinary Course Spectrum Sale means the sale, lease, assignment, or sublease of any spectrum outside of the ordinary course of business and on an exclusive basis.

Note or Notes shall have the meaning specified in the first paragraph of the recitals of this Indenture.

Note Guarantee means each Guarantee of the obligations with respect to the Notes issued by a Subsidiary of the Company pursuant to the terms of this Indenture.

Note Guarantor means each Subsidiary of the Company that executes this Indenture or a supplemental indenture pursuant to which such Subsidiary becomes a guarantor of the Notes pursuant to Section 4.24 of this Indenture and their respective successors and assigns, in each case until the Note Guarantee of such Person has been released in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture; provided that in no event will an Excluded Subsidiary be required to become a Note Guarantor.

Note Parties means the Company and the Note Guarantors.

Note Purchase Agreement means that certain note purchase agreement, dated as of March [], 2025, by and between the Company and the purchasers named on Schedule A thereto.

Note Register shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b).

Note Registrar shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b).

Notes Collateral Agent means the Person named as the Notes Collateral Agent in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor Notes collateral agent shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter Notes Collateral Agent shall mean or include each Person who is then a Notes Collateral Agent hereunder.

Notes Documents means this Indenture, the Notes, the Note Guarantees and the Collateral Documents.

19

Notes Obligations means all obligations of the Company and the Note Guarantors under or in respect of the Notes, this Indenture and the Collateral Documents.

Notice of Conversion shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(b).

Officer means, with respect to the Company or a Note Guarantor, the President, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer, the Secretary, any Executive or Senior Vice President or any Vice President (whether or not designated by a number or numbers or word or words added before or after the title Vice President) of the Company or the Note Guarantor, as applicable.

Officers Certificate, when used with respect to the Company, means a certificate that is delivered to the Trustee and that is signed by an Officer of the Company. Each such certificate shall include the statements provided for in Section 17.05 if and to the extent required by the provisions of such Section. The Officer giving an Officers Certificate pursuant to Section 4.08 shall be the principal executive, financial or accounting officer of the Company.

open of business means 9:00 a.m. (New York City time).

Opinion of Counsel means an opinion in writing (in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Trustee) signed by legal counsel, who may be an employee of or counsel to the Company, or other counsel, that is delivered to the Trustee, which opinion may contain customary exceptions and qualifications as to the matters set forth therein. Each such opinion shall include the statements provided for in Section 17.05 if and to the extent required by the provisions of such Section 17.05.

Organizational Documents means (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation, amendment or amalgamation, the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) and/or any shareholder(s) agreements; (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); and (c) with respect to any partnership, limited partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, limited partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity.

outstanding, when used with reference to Notes, shall, subject to the provisions of Section 8.04, mean, as of any particular time, all Notes authenticated and delivered by the Trustee under this Indenture, except:(a)Notes theretofore canceled by the Trustee or accepted by the Trustee for cancellation;(b)Notes, or portions thereof, that have become due and payable and in respect of which monies in the necessary amount shall have been deposited in trust with the Trustee or with any Paying Agent (other than the Company) or shall have been set aside and segregated in trust by the Company (if the Company shall act as its own Paying Agent);(c)Notes that have been paid pursuant to Section 2.06 or Notes in lieu of which, or in substitution for which, other Notes shall have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to the terms of Section 2.06 unless proof satisfactory to the Trustee is presented that any such Notes are held by protected purchasers in due course;(d)Notes converted pursuant to Article 14 and required to be cancelled pursuant toSection 2.07; and(e)Notes repurchased by the Company pursuant to the penultimate sentence of Section 2.09.

20

Paying Agent shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.02.

Permitted Encumbrances means:(a)Liens for Taxes that are not overdue for a period of more than 30 days or that are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP, in each case, the nonpayment of which could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;

(b)Liens imposed by law, such as carriers, warehousemens, mechanics, materialmens, repairmens or construction contractors Liens and other similar Liens, arising in the ordinary course of business that secure amounts not overdue for a period of more than 30 days or, if more than 30 days overdue, are unfiled and no other action has been taken to enforce such Liens or that are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP, in each case so long as such Liens could not reasonably be expected to individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect;

(c)Liens incurred or deposits made in the ordinary course of business (i) in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation or (ii) securing liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees or similar instruments for the benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty or liability insurance to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or otherwise supporting the payment of items of the type set forth in the foregoing clause(i);

(d)Liens incurred or deposits made to secure the performance of tenders, bids, trade contracts (other than for the payment of Indebtedness), governmental contracts and leases (other than Capital Lease Obligations), statutory obligations, surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds, performance bonds, bankers acceptance facilities and other obligations of a like nature (including those to secure health, safety and environmental obligations) and obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments that have been posted to support the same, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practices;

(e)easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, encroachments, protrusions, zoning restrictions and other similar encumbrances and minor title defects affecting real property that, in the aggregate, do not in any case materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

(f)rights of setoff, bankers lien, netting agreements and other Liens arising by operation of law or by of the terms of documents of banks or other financial institutions in relation to the maintenance of administration of deposit accounts, securities accounts or cash management arrangements or in connection with the issuance of letters of credit, bank guarantees or other similar instruments;

(g)Liens arising from precautionary Uniform Commercial Code financing statements or any similar filings made in respect of operating leases or consignment or bailee arrangements entered into by the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries;

(h)Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 4.10(a)(i);

(i)[Reserved];

(j)leases, licenses, subleases, sublicenses, occupancy agreements or assignments of assets or real or personal property in the ordinary course of business (including, without limitation, site leases, equipment leases and Intellectual Property rights, such as software escrow arrangements protecting non-exclusive use rights of customers);

(k)Liens on assets and other work-in-progress related to a sale contract with a customer securing the obligations of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary under such sale contract and Liens encumbering property under construction arising from progress or partial payments made by a customer of such Person relating to such property;

(l)Liens in favor of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary;

21

(m)[reserved];

(n)Liens on assets, property or Equity Interests of a Person at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or is merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary; provided, however, that such Liens were not incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such event; provided further, that any such Lien may not extend to any other property owned by the Company or any other Restricted Subsidiary;

(o)Liens on assets or property (including Equity Interests) at the time the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary acquires the assets or property, including any acquisition by means of a merger, amalgamation or consolidation with or into the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary; provided, however, that such Liens were not incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such acquisition; providedfurther, that such Liens do not extend to any other property owned by the Company or any other Restricted Subsidiary;

(p)Liens upon any equipment acquired or held by Company to secure the purchase price of such equipment or Indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition of such equipment, so long as such Lien extends only to the equipment financed, and any accessions, replacements, substitutions and proceeds (including insurance proceeds) thereof or thereto; and

(q)Liens arising from judgments, decrees or attachments in circumstances not constituting an Event of Default under Section 6.01(j) of this Indenture.

Permitted Investments means an Investment by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary in:

(a)the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary;

(b)Commercialization Investments; provided, that the assets received as consideration for such Commercialization Investments that are not Excluded Assets shall be pledged as Collateral pursuant to the Collateral Documents reasonably promptly after receipt by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary thereof; provided, further, that the aggregate amount invested in Excluded Assets pursuant to this subsection shall not exceed $2.0 million; and provided further, however, that if any Investment pursuant to this clause is made in any Person that is not the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary at the date of the making of such Investment and such Person becomes the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary after such date, such Investment shall thereafter be deemed to have been made pursuant to clause (a) above and shall cease to have been made pursuant to this clause (b);

(c)cash and Cash Equivalents, and Investments that were Cash Equivalents when made;

(d)receivables owing to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary created or acquired in the ordinary course of business and payable or dischargeable in accordance with customary trade terms or such other concessionary trade terms as the Company or any such Restricted Subsidiary deems reasonable under the circumstances;

22

(e)commission, payroll and similar advances to cover matters that are expected at the time of such advances ultimately to be treated as expenses for accounting purposes and that are made in the ordinary course of business;

(f)loans or advances to officers, directors, employees, managers, consultants and independent contractors of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary for business-related travel and entertainment expenses, moving and relocation expenses and similar expenses, in each case in the ordinary course of business;

(g)any Investment acquired by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries:

(A)in exchange for any other Investment or accounts receivable held by the Company or any such Restricted Subsidiary in connection with or as a result of a bankruptcy, workout, reorganization or recapitalization of the issuer of such other Investment or accounts receivable;

(B)in satisfaction of judgments or received in compromise, settlement or resolution of obligations of trade creditors, customers, dealers or distributors that were incurred in the ordinary course of business or of any litigation, arbitration or other dispute; or

(C)as a result of a foreclosure or other remedial action by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any Investment in default;

(h)Investments to the extent made in exchange for the issuance of Equity Interests (other than any Disqualified Equity Interest) of the Company or funded with the net proceeds of the issuance of Equity Interests (other than any Disqualified Equity Interest) of the Company;

(i)other Investments, including, but not limited to, Investments made with respect to joint ventures or in connection with any acquisition, merger or consolidation, having an aggregate Fair Market Value, when taken together with all other Investments made pursuant to this clause (i) since the Issue Date that are at that time outstanding, not to exceed $5.0 million in Cash Equivalents (with the Fair Market Value of each Investment being measured at the time made and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value) at the time of such Investment, plus the amount of any returns (including dividends, payments, interest, distributions, returns of principal, profits on sale, repayments, income and similar amounts) in respect of such Investments; provided, however, that if any Investment pursuant to this clause is made in any Person that is not the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary at the date of the making of such Investment and such Person becomes the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary after such date, such Investment shall thereafter be deemed to have been made pursuant to clause (a) above and shall cease to have been made pursuant to this clause (i);

(j)Guarantees permitted by Section 4.10;

(k)Guarantees of performance or other obligations (other than Indebtedness) arising in the ordinary course of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries;

(l)any Investment (A) in existence on the Issue Date, (B) made pursuant to binding commitments in effect on the Issue Date, which shall not exceed an aggregate of $2.0 million in Cash Equivalents, or (C) that replaces, refinances, refunds, renews or extends any Investment described under either of the immediately preceding clauses (a) or (b); provided that any such Investment is in an amount that does not exceed the amount replaced, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended, except as contemplated pursuant to the terms of such Investment in existence on the Issue Date or as otherwise permitted under this definition;(m)any Investment in connection with the exercise of warrants or options existing on the Issue Date; and(n)other Investments made with Cash Equivalents with the consent of the Majority Holders;provided thatsuch Investments pursuant to this clause (n) shall not exceed $25.0 millionin the aggregate.

Permitted Lien means Liens permitted by Section 4.11.

23

Permitted Refinancing means the issuance of Indebtedness in exchange for, or the net proceeds of which are used to extend, refinance, renew, replace, defease, discharge or refund the Notes (including any Guarantee) in an amount not to exceed the amount so refinanced plus the aggregate amount of fees, underwriting discounts, accrued and unpaid interest, premiums, customary reserves required to be funded and maintained in connection with such Indebtedness and other costs and expenses incurred in connection with such refinancing; provided that such new Indebtedness, determined as of the date of incurrence thereof, shall not mature prior to the date that is 91 days after the stated maturity of the Notes, and the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of such new Indebtedness shall be at least equal to 91 days more than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Notes.

Person means an individual, a corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a partnership, a joint venture, a joint stock company, a trust, an unincorporated organization or a government or an agency or a political subdivision thereof.

Predecessor Note of any particular Note means every previous Note evidencing all or a portion of the same debt as that evidenced by such particular Note; and, for the purposes of this definition, any Note authenticated and delivered under Section 2.06 in lieu of or in exchange for a mutilated, lost, destroyed or stolen Note shall be deemed to evidence the same debt as the mutilated, lost, destroyed or stolen Note that it replaces.

Proposed Warrant Value shall have the meaning specified in Section 17.17(a)(i).

Redemption Price means, for any Notes to be redeemed pursuant to Section 15.01, 100% of the principal amount of such Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date (unless the Redemption Date falls after a Regular Record Date but on or prior to the immediately succeeding Interest Payment Date, in which case interest accrued to the Interest Payment Date will be paid to Holders of record of such Notes as of the close of business on such Regular Record Date, and the Redemption Price will be equal to 100% of the principal amount of such Notes).

Reference Property shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.07(a).

Regular Record Date, with respect to any Interest Payment Date, means the May 15 or November 15 (whether or not such day is a Business Day) immediately preceding the applicable June 1 or December 1 Interest Payment Date, respectively.

Related Person shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.02.

Requirements of Law means, with respect to any Person, any statutes, laws, treaties, rules, regulations, orders, decrees, writs, injunctions or determinations of any arbitrator or court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject.

Requisite Stockholder Approval means the stockholder approval contemplated by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d) with respect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of the Notes and exercise of the Warrants; provided, however, that the Requisite Stockholder Approval will be deemed to be obtained if, due to any amendment or binding change in the interpretation of the applicable listing standards of Nasdaq, such stockholder approval is no longer required for the Company to settle all conversions of the Notes and exercises of Warrants. The Company shall deliver written notice to the Trustee upon obtaining the Requisite Stockholder Approval.

Responsible Officer means, when used with respect to the Trustee, any officer within the corporate trust department of the Trustee, including any vice president, assistant vice president, assistant secretary, assistant treasurer, trust officer or any other officer of the Trustee who customarily performs functions similar to those performed by the Persons who at the time shall be such officers, respectively, or to whom any corporate trust matter is referred because of such persons knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and who shall have direct responsibility for the administration of this Indenture.

Restricted Payment means (i) any dividend or other distribution with respect to any Equity Interests in the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any dividend or distribution by the Company payable solely in Equity Interests or in options, warrants or other rights to acquire its Equity Interests or, in the case of any Restricted Subsidiary, any dividend or distribution payable to the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary or, in the case of any dividend or distribution made by a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Wholly Owned Subsidiary, any dividend or distribution that is made on a pro rata basis (or on a basis more favorable to the Company)); or (ii) any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any Equity Interests in the Company or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such Equity Interests (other than in exchange for Equity Interests of the Company).

Restricted Securities shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c).

Restricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Company.

Rule 144 means Rule 144 as promulgated under the Securities Act.

Rule 144A means Rule 144A as promulgated under the Securities Act.

24

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Security Agreement means that certain Security Agreement, dated as of the Issue Date, among the Company, the Note Guarantors and the Notes Collateral Agent.

Share Exchange Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.07(a).

Significant Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the Company that meets the definition of significant subsidiary in Article 1, Rule 1-02(w)(1) of Regulation S-X under the Exchange Act.

Spectrum Sales Mandatory Repurchase Offer shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.01(b).

Spectrum Sales Mandatory Repurchase Offer Amount shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.01(b).

Spectrum Sales Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.01(b).

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, association, partnership or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock or other interests (including partnership interests) entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers, general partners or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by (i) such Person; (ii) such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person; or (iii) one or more Subsidiaries of such Person.

Taxes means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges, fees, assessments or withholdings (including backup withholdings) imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Trading Day means a day on which (i) trading in the Common Stock (or other security for which a closing sale price must be determined) generally occurs on The Nasdaq Capital Market or, if the Common Stock (or such other security) is not then listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock (or such other security) is then listed or, if the Common Stock (or such other security) is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common Stock (or such other security) is then traded and (ii) a Last Reported Sale Price for the Common Stock (or closing sale price for such other security) is available on such securities exchange or market; provided that if the Common Stock (or such other security) is not so listed or traded, Trading Day means a Business Day.

Transaction Costs means any fees, expenses and other transaction costs incurred or paid by, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the Transactions, the Note Purchase Agreement, this Indenture and the other Notes Documents, and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.

Transactions means, collectively, (a) the transactions that occurred pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, (b) the issuance of the Notes and the Note Guarantees, and (c) the payment of the fees and expenses incurred in connection with any of the foregoing (including the Transaction Costs).

transfer shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c).

Transfer Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Trigger Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c).

Trust Indenture Act means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, as it was in force at the date of execution of this Indenture; provided, however, that in the event the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 is amended after the date hereof, the term Trust Indenture Act shall mean, to the extent required by such amendment, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as so amended.

Trustee means the Person named as the Trustee in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor trustee shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter Trustee shall mean or include each Person who is then a Trustee hereunder.

unit of Reference Property shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.07(a).

Valuation Period shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c).

Warrants has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Note Purchase Agreement.

25

Weighted Average Life to Maturity means, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing: (a) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i)the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (ii) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment; by (b) the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness.

Wholly Owned Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any Subsidiary of such Person, except that, solely for purposes of this definition, the reference to more than 50% in the definition of Subsidiary shall be deemed replaced by a reference to 100%.

Section 1.02References to Interest. Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to interest on, or in respect of, any Note in this Indenture shall be deemed to include Additional Interest if, in such context, Additional Interest is, was or would be payable pursuant to any of Section 4.06(d), Section 4.06(e) and Section 6.03. Unless the context otherwise requires, any express mention of Additional Interest in any provision hereof shall not be construed as excluding Additional Interest in those provisions hereof where such express mention is not made.

Section 1.03Terms Generally.The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise, (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement (including this Indenture and the other Notes Documents), instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on assignment set forth herein) and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have succeeded to any or all functions thereof, (c) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Indenture in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Indenture and (e) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. Any references to as of the date hereof or similar terms or references shall be deemed to refer to the Issue Date.

Section 1.04Accounting Terms; GAAP. All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Indenture shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the Companys audited financial statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein.

Section 1.05Currency Translation; Rates. For purposes of any determination under Article 4 and Article 6 or any determination under any other provision of this Indenture expressly requiring the use of a current exchange rate, all amounts incurred, outstanding or proposed to be incurred or outstanding in currencies other than Dollars shall be translated into Dollars at the Exchange Rate (rounded to the nearest currency unit, with 0.5 or more of a currency unit being rounded upward); provided, however, that for purposes of determining compliance with Article 4 with respect to the amount of any Indebtedness, Investment, Asset Sale or Restricted Payment in a currency other than Dollars, no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of changes in rates of exchange occurring after the time such Indebtedness or Investment is incurred or Asset Sale or Restricted Payment made; provided, further, that, for the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.05 shall otherwise apply to such Sections, including with respect to determining whether any Indebtedness or Investment may be incurred or Asset Sale or Restricted Payment made at any time under such Sections.

Section 1.06Certain Calculations and Tests. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, to the extent that the terms of this Indenture require the absence of a Default or Event of Default (or any type of Default or Event of Default) as a condition to the consummation of any transaction in connection with any acquisition or similar Investment (including the assumption or incurrence of Indebtedness), the determination of whether the relevant condition is satisfied may be made, at the election of the Company, in the case of any acquisition or similar Investment, at the time of either (x) the execution of the definitive agreement with respect to such acquisition or Investment or (y) the consummation of such acquisition or Investment; provided that if the Company elects to have such determination occur at the time of entry into the definitive agreement with respect to such acquisition or Investment, any testing of compliance with any test shall be tested on a pro forma basis assuming such acquisition or Investment and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) had been consummated.

Section 1.07Divisions. For all purposes under the Notes Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdictions laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time.

26

ARTICLE 2

ISSUE, DESCRIPTION, EXECUTION, REGISTRATION AND EXCHANGE OF NOTES

Section 2.01Designation and Amount. The Notes shall be designated as the 5.00% Senior Secured Convertible Notes due 2028. The aggregate principal amount of Notes that may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture is limited to $190.0 million,and except for Notes authenticated and delivered upon registration or transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of other Notes to the extent expressly permitted hereunder.

Section 2.02Form of Notes.The Notes and the Trustees certificate of authentication to be borne by such Notes shall be substantially in the respective forms set forth in Exhibit A, the terms and provisions of which shall constitute, and are hereby expressly incorporated in and made a part of this Indenture. To the extent applicable, the Company and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby.

Any Note may be endorsed with or have incorporated in the text thereof such legends or recitals or changes not inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture, or as may be required to comply with any applicable law or any regulation thereunder or with the rules and regulations of any securities exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Notes may be listed or traded or designated for issuance or to conform with any usage with respect thereto, or to indicate any special limitations or restrictions to which any particular Notes are subject.

Any of the Notes may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such notations, legends or endorsements as the Officer executing the same may approve (execution thereof to be conclusive evidence of such approval) and as are not inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture, or as may be required to comply with any law or with any rule or regulation made pursuant thereto or with any rule or regulation of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Notes may be listed or designated for issuance, or to conform to usage or to indicate any special limitations or restrictions to which any particular Notes are subject.

Each Note shall represent such principal amount of the outstanding Notes as shall be specified therein and shall provide that it shall represent such principal amount of outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon. Payment of principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or Redemption Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, a Note shall be made to the Holder of such Note on the date of payment, unless a record date or other means of determining Holders eligible to receive payment is provided for herein.

Section 2.03Date and Denomination of Notes; Payments of Interest and Defaulted Amounts.

(a)The Notes shall be issuable in definitive registered form without coupons in denominations of $1,000 principal amount and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication and shall bear interest from the date specified on the face of such Note. Accrued interest on the Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year composed of twelve 30-day months and, for partial months, on the basis of the number of days actually elapsed in a 30-day month.

(b)The Person in whose name any Note (or its Predecessor Note) is registered on the Note Register at the close of business on any Regular Record Date with respect to any Interest Payment Date shall be entitled to receive the interest payable on such Interest Payment Date. The principal amount of any Note shall be payable at the office or agency of the Company maintained by the Company for such purposes in the contiguous United States, which shall initially be the Corporate Trust Office. The Paying Agent shall thereby pay interest then due to Holders who are registered on the Note Register at the close of business on any Regular Record Date with respect to such applicable Interest Payment Date with respect to interest paid in the form of cash by wire transfer in immediately available funds to that Holders account within the United States.

(c)Any Defaulted Amounts shall forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on the relevant payment date but shall accrue interest per annum at the rate borne by the Notes, plus an amount of Additional Interest as set forth in Section 6.03(a) of this Indenture, subject to the enforceability thereof under applicable law, from, and including, such relevant payment date, and such Defaulted Amounts together with such interest thereon shall be paid by the Company, at its election in each case, as provided in clause (i) or (ii) below:

27

(i)The Company may elect to make payment of or cause the Paying Agent to make payment of any Defaulted Amounts to the Persons in whose names the Notes (or their respective Predecessor Notes) are registered at the close of business on a special record date for the payment of such Defaulted Amounts, which shall be fixed in the following manner. The Company shall notify the Trustee in writing of the amount of the Defaulted Amounts proposed to be paid on each Note and the date of the proposed payment (which shall be not less than 25 days after the receipt by the Trustee of such notice, unless the Trustee shall agree to an earlier date), and at the same time the Company shall deposit with the Trustee an amount of money equal to the aggregate amount to be paid in respect of such Defaulted Amounts or shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for such deposit on or prior to the date of the proposed payment, such money when deposited to be held in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled to such Defaulted Amounts as in this clause provided. Thereupon the Company shall fix a special record date for the payment of such Defaulted Amounts, which special record date shall be not more than 15 days and not less than 10 days prior to the date of the proposed payment, and not less than 10 days after the receipt by the Trustee of the notice of the proposed payment. The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing of such special record date, and the Trustee, in the name and at the expense of the Company, shall cause notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Amounts and the special record date therefor to be delivered to each Holder not less than 10 days prior to such special record date. Notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Amounts and the special record date therefor having been so delivered, such Defaulted Amounts shall be paid to the Persons in whose names the Notes (or their respective Predecessor Notes) are registered at the close of business on such special record date and shall no longer be payable pursuant to the following clause (ii) of this Section 2.03(c)).(ii)The Company may make payment of or cause the Paying Agent to make payment of any Defaulted Amounts in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Notes may be listed or designated for issuance, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange or automated quotation system, if, after notice given by the Company to the Trustee of the proposed payment pursuant to this clause, such manner of payment shall be deemed practicable by the Trustee.

Section 2.04Execution, Authentication and Delivery of Notes. The Notes shall be signed in the name and on behalf of the Company by the manual, facsimile or other electronic signature of its Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary or any of its Executive or Senior Vice Presidents.

At any time and from time to time after the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Company may deliver Notes executed by the Company to the Trustee for authentication, together with a Company Order for the authentication and delivery of such Notes, and the Trustee in accordance with such Company Order shall authenticate and deliver such Notes, without any further action by the Company hereunder.

Only such Notes as shall bear thereon a certificate of authentication substantially in the form set forth on the form of Note attached as ExhibitA hereto, executed manually or electronically by an authorized signatory of the Trustee (or an authenticating agent appointed by the Trustee as provided by Section 17.10), shall be entitled to the benefits of this Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. Such certificate by the Trustee (or such an authenticating agent) upon any Note executed by the Company shall be conclusive evidence that the Note so authenticated has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder and that the Holder is entitled to the benefits of this Indenture.

In case any Officer of the Company who shall have signed any of the Notes shall cease to be such Officer before the Notes so signed shall have been authenticated and delivered by the Trustee, or disposed of by the Company, such Notes nevertheless may be authenticated and delivered or disposed of as though the person who signed such Notes had not ceased to be such Officer of the Company; and any Note may be signed on behalf of the Company by such persons as, at the actual date of the execution of such Note, shall be the Officers of the Company, although at the date of the execution of this Indenture any such person was not such an Officer.

Section 2.05Exchange and Registration of Transfer of Notes; Restrictions on Transfer.

(a)The Company shall cause to be kept at the Corporate Trust Office a register (the register maintained in such office or in any other office or agency of the Company designated pursuant to Section 4.02, the Note Register) in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, the Company shall provide for the registration of Notes and of transfers of Notes. Such register shall be in written form or in any form capable of being converted into written form within a reasonable period of time. The Note Register shall reflect the Companys valid obligations of, and each Holders beneficial ownership and interests in, the Notes and, absent manifest error, the Notes Register shall be binding on the Company, the Trustee and each Holder, and, in the case of a conflict between the Note Register and any other instrument, the Note Register shall prevail. The Trustee is hereby initially appointed the NoteRegistrar for the purpose of registering Notes and transfers of Notes as herein provided. The Company may appoint one or more co-Note Registrars in accordance with Section 4.02.

Upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Note to the Note Registrar or any co-Note Registrar, and satisfaction of the requirements for such transfer set forth in this Section2.05, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more new Notes of any authorized denominations and of a like aggregate principal amount and bearing such restrictive legends as may be required by this Indenture.

28

Notes may be exchanged for other Notes of any authorized denominations and of a like aggregate principal amount, upon surrender of the Notes to be exchanged at any such office or agency maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 4.02. Whenever any Notes are so surrendered for exchange, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in each case in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.04, the Notes that the Holder making the exchange is entitled to receive, bearing registration numbers not contemporaneously outstanding.

All Notes presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange, repurchase or conversion shall (if so required by the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar or any co-Note Registrar) be duly endorsed, or be accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and duly executed, by the Holder thereof or its attorney-in-fact duly authorized in writing.

No service charge shall be imposed by the Company for any exchange or registration of transfer of Notes, but the Company may require a Holder to pay a sum sufficient to cover any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax required in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of new Notes issued upon such exchange or registration of transfer being different from the name of the Holder of the old Notes surrendered for exchange or registration of transfer.

None of the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar or any co-Note Registrar shall be required to (A) to issue, to register the transfer of or to exchange Notes during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the day of any selection of Notes for redemption in accordance with Article 15 and ending at the close of business on the day of such selection, (B) to register the transfer of or to exchange any Note so selected for redemption in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part, (C) to register the transfer or to exchange a Note between a record date and the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, or (D) to register the transfer of or to exchange (i) any Notes surrendered for conversion or, if a portion of any Note is surrendered for conversion, such portion thereof surrendered for conversion or (ii) any Notes, or a portion of any Note, surrendered for repurchase (and not withdrawn) in accordance with Article 16.

All Notes issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with this Indenture shall be the valid obligations of the Company, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture as the Notes surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange.

(b)The Notes shall initially be issued as Definitive Registered Notes required to bear the legend set forth in Section 2.05(c). At issuance, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Officers Certificate and a Company Order for the authentication and delivery of Notes, shall authenticate and deliver, a Definitive Registered Note to each initial registered Holder, in the principal amount specified in the Company Order. Definitive Registered Notes so issued shall be registered in such names and in such authorized denominations as the Company, pursuant to instructions from the initial Holders, shall instruct the Trustee in writing. Upon execution and authentication, the Notes Registrar shall reflect the beneficial ownership of each Holder of the Definitive Registered Note in the Notes Register.

29

(c)Every Note that bears or is required under this Section 2.05(c) to bear the legend set forth in this Section 2.05(c) (together with any Common Stock issued upon conversion of the Notes that is required to bear the legend set forth in Section 2.05(d), collectively, the Restricted Securities) shall be subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 2.05(c) (including the legend set forth below), unless such restrictions on transfer shall be eliminated or otherwise waived by written consent of the Company, and the Holder of each such Restricted Security, by such Holders acceptance thereof, agrees to be bound by all such restrictions on transfer. As used in this Section 2.05(c) andSection 2.05(d), the term transfer encompasses any sale, pledge, transfer or other disposition whatsoever of any Restricted Security.

Any certificate evidencing such Note (and all securities issued in exchange therefor or substitution thereof, other than Common Stock issued upon conversion thereof, which shall bear the legend set forth in Section 2.05(d), if applicable) shall bear a legend in substantially the following form (the Restrictive Legend) (unless such Notes have been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer, or sold pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, or unless otherwise agreed by the Company in writing, with notice thereof to the Trustee):

THIS SECURITY AND THE COMMON STOCK, IF ANY, ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER:

AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF NEXTNAV INC. (THE COMPANY) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, EXCEPT:(A)TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, OR(B)PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR(C)PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CLAUSE (2)(C) ABOVE, THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

No transfer of any Note will be registered by the Note Registrar unless the applicable box on the Form of Assignment and Transfer has been checked.

Any Note (or security issued in exchange or substitution therefor) (i) as to which such restrictions on transfer shall have expired in accordance with their terms, (ii) that has been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become effective or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer or (iii) that has been sold pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, may, upon surrender of such Note for exchange to the Note Registrar in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.05, be exchanged for a new Note or Notes, of like tenor and aggregate principal amount, which shall not bear the Restrictive Legend required by this Section 2.05(c) and shall not be assigned a restricted CUSIP number. The Company shall be entitled to instruct each Holder in writing to so surrender any Note as to which any of the conditions set forth in clause (i) through (iii) of the immediately preceding sentence have been satisfied, and, upon such instruction, each Holder shall so surrender such Note for exchange; and any new Note so exchanged therefor shall not bear the Restrictive Legend specified in this Section 2.05(c) and shall not be assigned a restricted CUSIP number. The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing after a registration statement, if any, with respect to the Notes or any Common Stock issued upon conversion of the Notes has been declared effective under the Securities Act.

All notices and communications to be given to the Holders and all payments to be made to Holders in respect of the Notes shall be given or made only to or upon the order of the registered Holders as then reflected in the Note Register.

30

Neither the Note Registrar nor the Trustee in each of its various capacities as designated from time to time hereunder shall have any obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed under this Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Note other than to require delivery of such certificates and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by, the terms of this Indenture. For the avoidance of doubt, when making any payment hereunder or consummating any transfer, exchange, substitution or conversion of a Note, the Note Registrar and the Trustee in each of it various capacities shall be entitled to, and shall, rely solely on the Note Register as evidence of a Holders beneficial ownership and interest in the Notes and each Holder shall not be required to present as evidence an original, physical or electronic copy of a Note registered in its name; provided, the Holder provides sufficient proof, to the satisfaction of the Note Registrar and/or Trustee in each of its various capacities, of its identity.(d)Any stock certificate representing Common Stock issued upon conversion of a Note that bears the Restrictive Legend shall bear a legend in substantially the following form (unless such Common Stock has been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer, or pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, or such Common Stock has been issued upon conversion of a Note that has been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer, or pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, or unless otherwise agreed by the Company with written notice thereof to the Trustee and the Transfer Agent for the Common Stock):

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER:

AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF NEXTNAV INC. (THE COMPANY) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, EXCEPT:(A)TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, OR(B)PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR(C)PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

31

PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CLAUSE (2)(C) ABOVE, THE COMPANY AND THE TRANSFER AGENT FOR THE COMPANYS COMMON STOCK RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

Any such shares of Common Stock (i) as to which such restrictions on transfer shall have expired in accordance with their terms, (ii) that have been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer or (iii) that have been sold pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, may, upon surrender of the certificates representing such shares of Common Stock for exchange in accordance with the procedures of the Transfer Agent for the Common Stock, be exchanged for a new certificate or certificates for a like aggregate number of shares of Common Stock, which shall not bear the restrictive legend required by this Section 2.05(d).(e)Any Note or shares of Common Stock issued upon the conversion or exchange of a Note that is repurchased or owned by any Affiliate of the Company (or any Person who was an Affiliate of the Company at any time during the three months immediately preceding) may not be resold by such Affiliate (or such Person, as the case may be) unless registered under the Securities Act or resold pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act in a transaction that results in such Note or shares of Common Stock, as the case may be, no longer being a restricted security (as defined under Rule 144). The Company shall cause any Note that is repurchased or owned by it to be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation in accordance with Section 2.07.

Section 2.06Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes. In case any Note shall become mutilated or be destroyed, lost or stolen, the Company in its discretion may execute, and upon its written request the Trustee or an authenticating agent appointed by the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in each case in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.04, a new Note, bearing a registration number not contemporaneously outstanding, in exchange and substitution for the mutilated Note, or in lieu of and in substitution for the Note so destroyed, lost or stolen. In every case the applicant for a substituted Note shall furnish to the Company, to the Trustee and, if applicable, to such authenticating agent such security or an indemnity bond as may be required by them to save each of them harmless from any loss, claim, liability, cost, damage or expense caused by or connected with such substitution, and, in every case of destruction, loss or theft, the applicant shall also furnish to the Company, to the Trustee and, if applicable, to such authenticating agent evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of such Note and of the ownership thereof.

The Trustee or such authenticating agent may authenticate any such substituted Note and deliver the same upon the receipt of such security or indemnity as the Trustee, the Company and, if applicable, such authenticating agent may require. No service charge shall be imposed by the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar, any co-Note Registrar or the Paying Agent upon the issuance of any substitute Note, but the Company may require a Holder to pay a sum sufficient to cover any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax required in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of the new substitute Note being different from the name of the Holder of the old Note that became mutilated or was destroyed, lost or stolen. In case any Note that has matured or is about to mature or has been surrendered for required repurchase or is about to be converted in accordance with Article 14shall become mutilated or be destroyed, lost or stolen, the Company may, in its sole discretion, instead of issuing a substitute Note, pay or authorize the payment of or convert or authorize the conversion of the same (without surrender thereof except in the case of a mutilated Note), as the case may be, if the applicant for such payment or conversion shall furnish to the Company, to the Trustee and, if applicable, to such authenticating agent such security or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them harmless for any loss, claim liability, cost, damage or expense caused by or connected with such substitution, and, in every case of destruction, loss or theft, evidence satisfactory to the Company, the Trustee and, if applicable, any Paying Agent or Conversion Agent of the destruction, loss or theft of such Note and of the ownership thereof.

32

Every substitute Note issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section2.06 by virtue of the fact that any Note is destroyed, lost or stolen shall constitute an additional contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall be found at any time, and shall be entitled to all the benefits of (but shall be subject to all the limitations set forth in) this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Notes duly issued hereunder. To the extent permitted by law, all Notes shall be held and owned upon the express condition that the foregoing provisions are exclusive with respect to the replacement, payment, conversion or repurchase of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes and shall preclude any and all other rights or remedies notwithstanding any law or statute existing or hereafter enacted to the contrary with respect to the replacement, payment, conversion or repurchase of negotiable instruments or other securities without their surrender.

Section 2.07Cancellation of Notes Paid, Converted, Etc. The Company shall cause all Notes surrendered for the purpose of payment, repurchase, registration of transfer or exchange or conversion, if surrendered to any Person other than the Trustee (including any of the Companys agents, Subsidiaries or Affiliates), to be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation. All Notes delivered to the Trustee shall be canceled promptly by it in accordance with its then-customary procedures, and no Notes shall be authenticated in exchange thereof except as expressly permitted by any of the provisions of this Indenture. The Trustee shall dispose of canceled Notes in accordance with its then-customary procedures.

Section 2.08CUSIP Numbers. The Company in issuing the Notes may use CUSIP numbers (if then generally in use), and, if so, the Trustee shall use CUSIP numbers in all notices issued to Holders as a convenience to such Holders; provided that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Notes or on such notice and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Notes. The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any change in the CUSIP numbers.

Section 2.09Repurchases. The Company may, to the extent permitted by law, and directly or indirectly (regardless of whether such Notes are surrendered to the Company), repurchase Notes in the open market or otherwise, whether by the Company or its Subsidiaries or through a private or public tender or exchange offer or through counterparties to private agreements, including by cash-settled swaps or other derivatives. The Company shall cause any Notes so repurchased (other than Notes repurchased pursuant to cash-settled swaps or other derivatives) to be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation in accordance with Section 2.07 and such Notes shall no longer be considered outstanding under this Indenture upon their repurchase.

ARTICLE 3

SATISFACTIONAND DISCHARGE

Section 3.01Satisfaction and Discharge. Upon written request of the Company contained in an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee, this Indenture shall cease to be of further effect with respect to the Notes and all Note Guarantees and Liens on Collateral securing the Notes will be released, and the Trustee, at the expense of the Company, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and release of such Guarantees and Liens, when (a) (i) all Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than Notes which have been destroyed, lost or stolen and which have been replaced, paid or converted as provided in Section 2.06) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; or (ii) the Company has irrevocably deposited with the Trustee or delivered to Holders, as applicable, after the Notes have become due and payable, whether on the Maturity Date, any Redemption Date, any Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, upon conversion or otherwise, cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination thereof (as applicable, solely to satisfy the Companys Conversion Obligation), sufficient to pay all of the outstanding Notes and all other sums due and payable under this Indenture by the Company; and (b) the Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture have been complied with. Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, the obligations of the Company to the Trustee under Section 7.06 shall survive.

ARTICLE 4

PARTICULAR COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY

Section 4.01Payment of Principal and Interest. The Company covenants and agrees that it will cause to be paid the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Priceor Redemption Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, each of the Notes at the places, at the respective times and in the manner provided herein and in the Notes.

The rates of interest under this Indenture are nominal rates, and not effective rates or yields. The principle of deemed reinvestment of interest does not apply to any interest calculation under this Indenture.

Section 4.02Maintenance of Office or Agency. The Company will maintain in the contiguous United States, an office or agency where the Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange or for presentation for payment or repurchase (PayingAgent) or for conversion (Conversion Agent) and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change in the location, of such office or agency. If at any time the Company shall fail to maintain any such required office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office or the office or agency of the Trustee in the contiguous United States; provided, no service of legal process on the Company may be made at the Corporate Trust Office.

33

The Company may also from time to time designate as co-Note Registrars one or more other offices or agencies where the Notes may be presented or surrendered for any or all such purposes and may from time to time rescind such designations; provided that no such designation or rescission shall in any manner relieve the Company of its obligation to maintain an office or agency in the contiguous United States, for such purposes. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any such designation or rescission and of any change in the location of any such other office or agency. The terms Paying Agent and Conversion Agent include any such additional or other offices or agencies, as applicable.

The Company hereby initially designates the Trustee as the Paying Agent, Note Registrar, Custodian and Conversion Agent and the Corporate Trust Office as the office or agency in the contiguous United States, where Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange or for presentation for payment or repurchase or for conversion and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served.

If the Company enters into an agency agreement with any registrar, paying agent, co- registrar, transfer agent or conversion agent that is not a party to the Indenture, it will notify the Trustee in writing of the name and address of each such agent. In addition, where the Trustee is entitled to appoint a paying agent or authentication agent, the Company shall, at all times, be responsible to pay each such party.

Section 4.03Appointments to Fill Vacancies in Trustees Office. The Company, whenever necessary to avoid or fill a vacancy in the office of trustee, will appoint, in the manner provided in Section7.09, a trustee, so that there shall at all times be a trustee hereunder.

Section 4.04Provisions as to Paying Agent. (a) If the Company shall appoint a Paying Agent other than the Trustee, the Company will cause such Paying Agent to execute and deliver to the Trustee an instrument in which such agent shall agree with the Trustee, subject to the provisions of this Section 4.04:

(i)that it will hold all sums held by it as such agent for the payment of the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Priceor Redemption Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes in trust for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes;

(ii)that it will give the Trustee prompt written notice of any failure by the Company to make any payment of the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Priceor Redemption Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes when the same shall be due and payable; and

(iii)that at any time during the continuance of an Event of Default, upon written request of the Trustee, it will forthwith pay to the Trustee all sums so held in trust.

The Company shall, on or before each due date of the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Priceor Redemption Price, if applicable) of, or accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes, irrevocably deposit with the Paying Agent funds sufficient to pay such principal and interest then due, and (unless such Paying Agent is the Trustee) the Company will promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any failure to take such action; provided that if such deposit is made on the due date, such deposit must be received by the Paying Agent no later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on such date.

For the avoidance of doubt, the Paying Agent and the Trustee shall be held harmless and have no liability with respect to payments or disbursements to be made by the Paying Agent and/or Trustee (i) for which payment instructions are not made or that are not otherwise deposited by the respective times set forth in this Section 4.04 and (ii) until they have confirmed receipt of immediately available funds sufficient to make the relevant payment. Neither the Paying Agent nor the Trustee (as applicable) shall be bound to make payment of any amount pursuant to this Indenture until it is satisfied that it has received full payment of such amount from or on behalf of the Company.

34

(b)If the Company shall act as its own Paying Agent, it will, on or before each due date of the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Priceor Redemption Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes, set aside, segregate and hold in trust for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes funds sufficient to pay such principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Priceor Redemption Price, if applicable) and interest then due, or funds and instruct the Transfer Agent to issue an amount of shares of Common Stock to Holders that, together with the funds, are sufficient to pay such accrued and unpaid interest so becoming due and will promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any failure to take such action and of any failure by the Company to make any payment of the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Priceor Redemption Price, if applicable) of, or accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes when the same shall become due and payable. Upon an Event of Default under Section 6.01(k) or (l), the Trustee shall automatically be the Paying Agent.(c)Anything in this Section 4.04 to the contrary notwithstanding, the Company may, at any time, for the purpose of obtaining a satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, or for any other reason, pay, cause to be paid or deliver to the Trustee all sums or amounts held in trust by the Company or any Paying Agent hereunder as required by this Section 4.04, such sums or amounts to be held by the Trustee upon the trusts herein contained and upon such payment or delivery by the Company or any Paying Agent to the Trustee, the Company or such Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability but only with respect to such sums or amounts.(d)Any money deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or then held by the Company, in trust for the payment of the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Priceor Redemption Price, if applicable) of, or accrued and unpaid interest on and the consideration due upon conversion of any Note and remaining unclaimed for two years after such principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Priceor Redemption Price, if applicable), interest or consideration due upon conversion has become due and payable shall be paid to the Company on written request of the Company contained in an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee, or (if then held by the Company) shall be discharged from such trust; and the Holder of such Note shall thereafter look only to the Company for payment thereof, and all liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money and shares of Common Stock, and all liability of the Company as Trustee thereof, shall thereupon cease.

Section 4.05Existence. Subject to Article11, the Company shall do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its corporate existence.

Section 4.06Rule 144A Information Requirement; Reports; and Additional Interest.

(a)At any time the Company is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Company shall, so long as any of the Notes or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof shall, at such time, constitute restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, promptly provide to the Trustee and, upon written request, any Holder, beneficial owner or prospective purchaser of such Notes or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of such Notes, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act to facilitate the resale of such Notes or shares of Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144A.

(b)For so long as the Company is subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee, within 15 days after the same are filed with the Commission, copies of any documents or reports that the Company is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (giving effect to any grace period provided by Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act or any similar or successor grace period). Any such document or report that the Company files with the Commission via the Commissions EDGAR system shall be deemed to be delivered to the Trustee for purposes of this Section4.06(b) at the time such documents are filed via the EDGAR system, it being understood that the Trustee shall have no responsibility to determine whether any documents have been filed on the EDGAR system. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture, the Company shall in no event be required to file with, or otherwise provide or disclose to, the Trustee or any Holder any information for which the Company is seeking, or has received, confidential treatment from the Commission.

(c)Delivery of the reports and documents described in subsection (b) above to the Trustee is for informational purposes only, and the Trustees receipt of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Companys compliance with any of its covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to conclusively rely on an Officers Certificate).

35

(d)If, at any time on or after the date that is six months after the date of original issuance of the Notes, the Company fails to timely file any document or report that it is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable (after giving effect to all applicable grace periods thereunder and other than reports on Form 8-K), or such Notes are not otherwise freely tradable under Rule 144 by Holders other than the Companys Affiliates or Holders that were the Companys Affiliates at any time during the three months preceding (as a result of restrictions pursuant to U.S. securities laws or the terms of this Indenture or the Notes (other than any restriction arising solely from the Companys or the Trustees ability to require the delivery of legal opinions, certificates or other evidence in order to demonstrate that the proposed transfer is being made in compliance with applicable securities laws)), the Company shall pay Additional Interest on the Notes. Such Additional Interest shall accrue on the Notes at the rate of (i) 0.25% per annum of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding for each of the first 90 days and (ii) 0.50% per annum of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding for each day from, and including, the 91st day during such period for which the Companys failure to file has occurred and is continuing or the Notes are not otherwise freely tradable under Rule 144 by Holders other than the Companys Affiliates (or Holders that have been the Companys Affiliates at any time during the three months preceding) without restrictions pursuant to U.S. securities laws or the terms of this Indenture or the Notes (other than any restriction arising solely from the Companys or the Trustees ability to require the delivery of legal opinions, certificates or other evidence in order to demonstrate that the proposed transfer is being made in compliance with applicable securities laws). As used in this Section 4.06(c), documents or reports that the Company is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act does not include documents or reports that the Company furnishes to the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.(e)If, and for so long as the Notes are not otherwise freely tradable under Rule 144 by Holders other than the Companys Affiliates or Holders that were the Companys Affiliates at any time during the three months preceding (without restrictions pursuant to U.S. securities laws or the terms of this Indenture or the Notes) as of the 380th day after the date of original issuance of the Notes, the Company shall pay Additional Interest on the Notes at a rate equal to 0.50% per annum of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding until the Notes are freely tradable under Rule 144 by Holders other than the Companys Affiliates (or Holders that were the Companys Affiliates at any time during the three months preceding) (without restrictions pursuant to U.S. securities laws or the terms of this Indenture or the Notes).(f)[Reserved](g)Additional Interest will be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date following accrual in the same manner as regular interest on the Notes.(h)The Additional Interest that is payable in accordance with subsection (d) or (e)shall, subject to the immediately succeeding sentence, be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any Additional Interest that may be payable as a result of the Companys election pursuant to Section6.03(b). However, in no event shall any Additional Interest that may accrue as a result of the Companys failure to timely file any document or report that it is required to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable (after giving effect to all applicable grace periods thereunder and other than reports filed on Form 8-K), as described in subsection (d), together with any interest that may accrue in the event the Company elects to pay Additional Interest in respect of an Event of Default relating to the Companys failure to comply with its obligations as set forth in subsection (b) pursuant to Section6.03(b), accrue at a rate in excess of 0.50% per annum pursuant to this Indenture, regardless of the number of events or circumstances giving rise to the requirement to pay such Additional Interest.(i)(i)If Additional Interest is payable by the Company pursuant to this Section4.06, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate to that effect stating (i) the amount of such Additional Interest that is payable and (ii) the date on which such Additional Interest is payable. Unless and until a Responsible Officer of the Trustee receives at the Corporate Trust Office such an Officers Certificate, the Trustee may conclusively assume without inquiry that no such Additional Interest is payable. If the Company has paid Additional Interest directly to the Persons entitled to it, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate setting forth the particulars of such payment.

36

Section 4.07Stay, Extension and Usury Laws. The Company and each Note Guarantor covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or other law that would prohibit or forgive the Company or such Note Guarantor from paying all or any portion of the principal of or interest on the Notes as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, or that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and the Company and each Note Guarantor (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted.

Section 4.08Compliance Certificate; Statements as to Defaults. The Company shall deliver to the Trustee within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company (beginning with the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2025) an Officers Certificate stating whether the signers thereof have knowledge of any failure by the Company to comply with all conditions and covenants then required to be performed under this Indenture during such fiscal year and, if so, specifying each such failure and the nature thereof.In addition, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee, as soon as possible, and in any event within 30 days after the occurrence of any Event of Default or Default, an Officers Certificate setting forth the details of such Event of Default or Default, its status and the action that the Company is taking or proposing to take in respect thereof.Section 4.09[Reserved]. Section 4.10Indebtedness; Certain Equity Securities.(a)The Company will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, except:(i)the incurrence by the Company and any Note Guarantors of Indebtedness represented bytheNotes (including any Guarantee) issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement and any Permitted Refinancing thereof, provided that the aggregate amount of indebtedness under this clause (i) shall not exceed $190.0 million;(ii)[reserved];(iii)[reserved];(iv)Indebtedness of the Company owing to a Restricted Subsidiary or Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary owing to the Company or another Restricted Subsidiary; provided,however,(A)if the Company or a Note Guarantor Incurs such Indebtedness owing to a non-Note Guarantor, such Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Companys obligations with respect to this Indenture or the Note Guarantee of such Note Guarantor, as applicable; and(B)(I) any subsequent issuance or transfer of Capital Stock or other event which results in any such Indebtedness being beneficially held by a Person other than the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company; and (II)any sale or other transfer of any such Indebtedness to a Person other than the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company, will be deemed, in each case, to constitute an Incurrence of such Indebtedness by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be;

37

(v)obligations (including, without limitation, reimbursement obligations with respect to letters of credit or bank guarantees or similar instruments) in respect of customs, self-insurance, performance, bid, appeal, surety and similar bonds and completion or performance guarantees and similar obligations provided by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary;(vi)Indebtedness Incurred by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of workers compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits (whether current or former), environmental remediation and other environmental matters or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance, self- insurance, or other Indebtedness with respect to reimbursement-type obligations regarding workers compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits (whether current or former) or property, casualty or liability insurance, and any guaranties, letters of credit or performance, bid, indemnity, warranty, refund, statutory, appeal or surety bonds or similar obligations functioning as or supporting any of the foregoing;(vii)the Incurrence of Indebtedness of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary providing for indemnification, earn-outs, adjustments of purchase or acquisition price or similar obligations, in each case Incurred or assumed in connection with the acquisition or disposition of any business, assets or property of the Company or any business, assets, property or Capital Stock of a Subsidiary, other than Guarantees of Indebtedness Incurred by any Person acquiring all or any portion of such business, assets, property or a Subsidiary for the purpose of financing such acquisition;(viii)Indebtedness (A) arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business or (B) owed or issued on a short-term basis to banks and other financial institutions in the ordinary course of business that arises in connection with ordinary banking arrangements, including cash management, cash pooling arrangements and related activities to manage cash balances of the Company and its Subsidiaries, including treasury, depository, overdraft, credit, purchasing or debit card, electronic funds transfer and other cash management arrangements and Indebtedness in respect of netting services, overdraft protection, credit card programs, automatic clearinghouse arrangements and similar arrangements;(ix)(A) customer deposits and advance payments received in the ordinary course of business from customers for equipment, goods or services purchased or leased in the ordinary course of business, (B) Guarantees in the ordinary course of business in respect of obligations to suppliers, customers, franchisees, lessors, licensees, sub- licensees and distribution partners, (C) Indebtedness consisting of the financing of insurance premiums or take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each case in the ordinary course of business, (D) Indebtedness representing deferred compensation to employees of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred in the ordinary course of business, and (E) Indebtedness arising from the endorsement of instruments in the ordinary course of business;(x)Indebtedness Incurred by the Company or its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with bankers acceptances, discounted bills of exchange, warehouse receipts or similar facilities, in each case Incurred or undertaken in the ordinary course of business;(xi)Capital Lease Obligations, mortgage financings and purchase money obligations, including all Indebtedness Incurred to refund, refinance, replace, redeem, repurchase, retire, defease, discharge, exchange, renew, repay, prepay or extend any Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to this clause (xi), in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any one time not to exceed $2.0 million, plus, in the case of any refinancing or replacement of Indebtedness permitted under this clause (xi) or any portion thereof, the aggregate amount of fees, accrued and unpaid interest, and other costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith; and(xii)Indebtedness of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries in existence on the Issue Date (other than Indebtedness described in clause (a)(i) above).(b)The Company will not, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, issue any Preferred Equity Interests or any Disqualified Equity Interests.(c)For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 4.10:(i)in the event that an item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of permitted Indebtedness set forth in clause (a) above, the Company, in its sole discretion, may divide, classify or reclassify such item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) on the date of Incurrence, and may at any later time and from time to time divide, classify or reclassify such item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) in any manner that complies with this Section 4.10;

38

(ii)Guarantees of, or obligations in respect of letters of credit relating to, Indebtedness that are otherwise included in the determination of a particular amount of Indebtedness shall not be included in the determination of such amount of Indebtedness; provided that the Incurrence of the Indebtedness represented by such Guarantee or letter of credit, as the case may be, was in compliance with this Section4.10;(iii)the amount of Indebtedness issued at a price that is less than the principal amount thereof will be equal to the amount of the liability in respect thereof determined in accordance with GAAP;(iv)accrual of interest, accrual of dividends, the accretion of accreted value, the accretion or amortization of original issue discount, the payment of interest in the form of additional Indebtedness and increases in the amount of Indebtedness outstanding solely as a result of fluctuations in the exchange rate of currencies will not be deemed to be an Incurrence of Indebtedness for purposes of this covenant;(v)the amount of any Indebtedness outstanding as of any date shall be (A) the accreted value thereof in the case of any Indebtedness issued with original issue discount or the aggregate principal amount outstanding in the case of Indebtedness issued with interest payable in kind and (B) the principal amount thereof in the case of any other Indebtedness; and(vi)the principal amount of any Indebtedness Incurred to refinance or replace other Indebtedness, if Incurred in a different currency from the Indebtedness being refinanced or replaced, shall be calculated based on the currency exchange rate applicable to the currencies in which such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness is denominated that is in effect on the date of such refinancing.(d)Unsecured Indebtedness shall not be treated as subordinated or junior to secured Indebtedness merely because it is unsecured and Indebtedness shall not be treated as subordinated or junior to any other Indebtedness merely because it has a junior priority with respect to the same collateral.Section 4.11Liens. The Company will not, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, except:(i)Liens created under the Notes Documents and any Permitted Refinancing thereof;(ii)Permitted Encumbrances;

Section 4.12Fundamental Changes. The Company will not, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, merge into, amalgamate or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or liquidate or dissolve, or dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of the assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) of the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to or in favor of any Person; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit (i) a merger, amalgamation or consolidation of any Blocker Subsidiary with the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary if the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, is the surviving entity, or (ii) the liquidation or dissolution of any Blocker Subsidiary.Section 4.13Investments. The Company will not, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, make or hold any Investment, except Permitted Investments at the time such Permitted Investment is made.Section 4.14Asset Sales.(a)The Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, consummate any Asset Sale unless:(i)the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, receives consideration at least equal to the Fair Market Value (as determined at the time of contractually agreeing to such Asset Sale) of the Capital Stock, assets or property sold or otherwise disposed of pursuant to such Asset Sale; and

39

(ii)to the extent that the assets sold in such Asset Sale were part of the Collateral, the assets received as non-cash consideration shall not be Excluded Assets and are required to be pledged as Collateral pursuant to the Collateral Documents reasonably promptly after receipt by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary thereof. For purposes of this clause (ii) the amount of:(A)any liabilities (as shown on the Companys or such Restricted Subsidiarys most recent balance sheet or in the notes thereto for which internal financial statements are available immediately preceding such date or, if incurred or accrued subsequent to the date of such balance sheet, such liabilities that would have been reflected on the Companys or such Restricted Subsidiarys balance sheet or in the notes thereto if such incurrence or accrual had taken place on or prior to the date of such balance sheet in the good faith determination of the Company) of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than liabilities that are by their terms subordinated to the Notes) that are extinguished in connection with the transactions relating to such Asset Sale, or that are assumed by the transferee of any such assets, property or Capital Stock, in each case, pursuant to an agreement that releases or indemnifies the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, from further liability therefor; and(B)any securities, notes or other obligations or other assets or property received by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary from such transferee that are converted by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary into cash or Cash Equivalents, or by their terms are required to be satisfied for cash or Cash Equivalents (to the extent of the cash or Cash Equivalents received), in each case within 180 days following the receipt thereof; and shall each be deemed to be Cash Equivalents.(b)Within 180 days after the Companys or any Restricted Subsidiarys receipt of the Net Cash Proceeds of any Asset Sale, the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, at its option, may apply an amount equal to the Net Cash Proceeds from such Asset Sale (or any portion thereof) as follows:(i)if such Net Cash Proceeds are from an Asset Sale that is not a disposition of Collateral, to repay, prepay, defease, redeem, reduce, purchase or otherwise retire (and to correspondingly reduce commitments with respect thereto in the case of revolving borrowings): (x) Indebtedness of the Company (other than any Disqualified Equity Interest or subordinated obligations) that is secured by a Lien on assets that do not constitute a part of the Collateral (other than Indebtedness owed to an Affiliate of the Company) or (y) Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Disqualified Equity Interest or subordinated Guarantees) that is secured by a Lien on assets that do not constitute a part of the Collateral (other than Indebtedness owed to the Company or an Affiliate of the Company);(ii)if such Net Cash Proceeds are from an Asset Sale that is not a disposition of Collateral, in the case of an Asset Sale by a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Note Guarantor, to repay, prepay, defease, redeem, reduce, purchase or otherwise retire (and to correspondingly reduce commitments with respect thereto in the case of revolving borrowings) Indebtedness of such Restricted Subsidiary or any other Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Note Guarantor;(iii)to repay, prepay, defease, redeem, reduce, purchase or otherwise retire the Notes by, at its option (i) redeeming Notes as provided under Section 15.01, (ii)purchasing Notes through open market purchases (to the extent such purchases are at or above 100.0% of the principal amount thereof), or (iii) making an offer (in accordance with the procedures set forth below for an Asset Sale Offer) to all Holders to purchase their Notes at 100.0% of the principal amount thereof, plus the amount of accrued but unpaid interest, if any, on the amount of Notes that would otherwise be prepaid;(iv)to make an investment in, purchase or otherwise acquire any one or more businesses, assets (other than working capital assets), properties or capital expenditures, in each case used or useful in the Companys business or to make payments (including without limitation prepayments and progress payments) in connection with such investment, purchase or other acquisition; provided, that if such investment, purchase or acquisition is in the form of the acquisition of Capital Stock of a Person, such investment, purchase or acquisition results in such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary; provided,further, that the assets acquired with the Net Cash Proceeds of a disposition of Collateral shall not be Excluded Assets and are required to be pledged as Collateral pursuant to the Collateral Documents reasonably promptly after receipt by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary thereof;(v)to make an investment in, purchase or otherwise acquire any one or more businesses, assets (other than working capital assets) or properties that replace the businesses, assets and/or properties that are the subject to such Asset Sale; provided, that the assets acquired with the Net Cash Proceeds of a disposition of Collateral shall not be Excluded Assets and are required to be pledged as Collateral pursuant to the Collateral Documents reasonably promptly after receipt by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary thereof; or

40

(vi)any combination of the foregoing, provided, that the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries will be deemed to have complied with the provisions described in clause (iv) or (v) of this Section 4.14(b) if and to the extent that, within 180 days after the Companys or any Restricted Subsidiarys receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds, the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable, has entered into and not abandoned or rejected a binding agreement to make an investment, purchase or other acquisition in compliance with the provision described in clause (iv) or (v) of this Section 4.14(b), and that investment, purchase or other acquisition is thereafter completed within 90 days after the end of such 180-day period.(c)Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that repatriation to the United States of any or all of the Net Cash Proceeds of any Asset Sales by a Foreign Subsidiary (x) is prohibited or delayed by applicable local law or (y) would have a material adverse tax consequence (taking into account any foreign tax credit or other net benefit actually realized in connection with such repatriation that would not otherwise be realized), as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, the portion of such Net Cash Proceeds so affected will not be required to be applied in compliance with this covenant; provided that clause (x) of this paragraph shall apply to such amounts so long, but only so long, as the applicable local law will not permit repatriation to the United States (the Company hereby agreeing to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the applicable Foreign Subsidiary to take all actions reasonably required by the applicable local law, applicable organizational impediments or other impediment to permit such repatriation), and if such repatriation of any of such affected Net Cash Proceeds is permitted under the applicable local law and is not subject to clause (y) of this paragraph, then, an amount equal to such Net Cash Proceeds will be promptly applied (net of additional taxes that would be payable or reserved against as a result of repatriating such amounts) in compliance with this covenant. The time periods set forth in this covenant shall not start until such time as the Net Cash Proceeds may be repatriated (whether or not such repatriation actually occurs).(d)Pending the final application of any such Net Cash Proceeds, the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries may temporarily reduce Indebtedness (including under a revolving debt facility) or otherwise invest or utilize such Net Cash Proceeds in any manner not prohibited by this Indenture. Any amount of Net Cash Proceeds from any Asset Sale that is not applied or invested as provided and within the time period set forth in Section 4.14(b) will be deemed to constitute Excess Proceeds; provided, that any amount of proceeds offered to Holders pursuant to clause (iii) of Section 4.14(b) or pursuant to an Asset Sale Offer made at any time after the Asset Sale shall be deemed to have been applied as required and shall not be deemed to be Excess Proceeds without regard to the extent to which such offer is accepted by the Holders. When the aggregate amount of Excess Proceeds exceeds $5.0 million, the Company will be required to make an offer (an Asset Sale Offer) to all Holders of Notes and, to the extent required by the terms of other pari passu Indebtedness, to all holders of other pari passu Indebtedness outstanding with similar provisions requiring the Company (or the Note Guarantor, as applicable) to make an offer to purchase such pari passu Indebtedness with the proceeds from any Asset Sale, to purchase the maximum principal amount of Notes and any such pari passu Indebtedness to which the Asset Sale Offer applies that may be purchased out of the Excess Proceeds, at an offer price in cash in an amount equal to 100.0% of the principal amount of the Notes and pari passu Indebtedness plus accrued and unpaid interest to (but not including) the date of purchase (or such lesser price with respect to the pari passu Indebtedness, if any, as may be provided by the terms of such Indebtedness), in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Indenture or the agreements governing the pari passu Indebtedness, as applicable.

(e)To the extent that the aggregate amount of Notes and pari passu Indebtedness so properly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to an Asset Sale Offer is less than the Excess Proceeds, the Company may use any remaining Excess Proceeds for any purpose not prohibited by this Indenture. If the aggregate principal amount of Notes surrendered by Holders thereof and other pari passu Indebtedness surrendered by Holders or lenders, collectively, exceeds the amount of Excess Proceeds, selection of Notes for purchase will be made by the Company in a manner consistent with Section 15.02(d). Upon completion of such Asset Sale Offer, the amount of Excess Proceeds shall be reset at zero.

Section 4.15Activities of the Blocker Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture, the Blocker Subsidiaries may not (a) own any material assets (other than their existing equity interests in NextNav Holdings, LLC), (b) incur any Indebtedness or any other direct obligation or liability whatsoever, (c) create or acquire any Subsidiary or make or own any Investment in any Person (other than their existing equity interests in NextNav Holdings, LLC), or (d) create or suffer to exist any Lien upon any property or assets, or engage in any business or activity.

Section 4.16Negative Pledge. The Company will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into any agreement, instrument, deed or lease that prohibits or limits the ability of any Note Party to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of their respective properties or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes with respect to the Notes Obligations or under the Notes Documents; provided, this restriction shall not apply to the documentation evidencing the Indebtedness permitted under Section4.10(a)(xi) of this Indenture.

41

Section 4.17Restricted Payments.(a)The Company will not, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, pay or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except:(i)(i) a Restricted Payment made by exchange for, or out of the proceeds of the issuance or sale of, Equity Interests of the Company (other than Disqualified Equity Interests and other than Equity Interests issued or sold to a Subsidiary or an employee stock ownership plan or similar trust to the extent such sale to an employee stock ownership plan or similar trust is financed by loans from or Guaranteed by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary unless such loans have been repaid with cash on or prior to the date of determination) or any cash capital contribution to the Company;(ii)any purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement of Equity Interests of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary made by exchange for, or out of the proceeds of the issuance or sale of, Equity Interests of the Company or contributions to the equity capital of the Company (other than Disqualified Equity Interests);(iii)the purchase, redemption or other acquisition, cancellation or retirement of Equity Interests of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary: (a) deemed to occur upon the exercise or exchange of options, warrants, other rights to purchase or acquire Equity Interests of the Company or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Equity Interests of the Company if such Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise or exchange price thereof, or (b) made in lieu of or in connection with withholding or similar taxes payable or expected to be payableby any future, present or former director, officer, employee, manager, consultant or independent contractor of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company (or their respective Affiliates, estates, heirs or immediate family members) in connection with the exercise or exchange of options, warrants, other rights to purchase or acquire Equity Interests of the Company or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Equity Interests of the Company or the grant, vesting or delivery of any of the foregoing; provided, that with respect to any Restricted Payment contemplated by this clause (b), the Company shall use reasonable efforts to not make any such Restricted Payment unless such future, present or former director, officer, employee, manager, consultant or independent contractor (or its Affiliates, estates, heirs or immediate family members) would be adversely affected by the failure to make such Restricted Payment;(iv)payments in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares in connection with any merger, consolidation, amalgamation or other business combination, or in connection with any dividend, distribution or split of, or the exercise or exchange of options, warrants or other rights to purchase or acquire Equity Interests of the Company or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for, Equity Interests of the Company; and(v)the purchase, redemption, acquisition, cancellation or other retirement of any Equity Interests of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary to the extent necessary, in the good faith judgment of the Company, to prevent the loss or secure the renewal or reinstatement of any license, permit or other authorization held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries issued by any governmental or regulatory authority or to comply with government contracting regulations.(b)The Company will not, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, make or pay, directly or indirectly, any payment or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) of or in respect of principal of or interest on any Junior Financing, or any payment or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Indebtedness prior to the scheduled maturity date thereof, except:(i)payment of regularly scheduled interest payments, payments of fees, expenses and indemnification obligations when due in respect of any Indebtedness;(ii)refinancings of Indebtedness with proceeds of Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness permitted to be incurred under Section 4.10; and(iii)the conversion of any Junior Financing to or payments with Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) of the Company.

42

Section 4.18Transactions with Affiliates. The Company will not, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except on terms substantially as favorable to the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary as would be obtainable by such Person at the time in a comparable arms-length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate, as determined (i) in good faith by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company and (ii) if the amount involved in such transaction exceeds $15.0 million, by a nationally-recognized independent appraiser retained for this purpose by the Company and reasonably acceptable to the Majority Holders.Section 4.19[Reserved].

Section 4.20Change in Nature of Business. The Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, will not enter into any new line of business that is fundamentally and substantively different from their existing lines of business conducted by them on the Issue Date, taken as a whole, other than activities reasonably related, complementary or ancillary to such existing lines of business or reasonable extensions thereof.

Section 4.21Accounting Changes.The Company shall not make any change in its fiscal year; provided, however, that the Company may, upon written notice by the Company to the Trustee, change its fiscal year to any other fiscal year reasonably acceptable to the Majority Holders, in which case, the Company and the Trustee, acting at the direction of the Majority Holders, will, and are hereby authorized to, make any adjustments to this Indenture that are necessary to reflect such change in fiscal year.

Section 4.22Amendments or Waivers of Organizational Documents. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any Note Party to, amend or modify their respective Organizational Documents in a manner that is materially adverse to the Holders of the Notes (in their capacities as such).

Section 4.23Intellectual Property. Notwithstanding anything in this Indenture to the contrary, no disposition or transfer (via an Investment, Asset Sale or otherwise) of Intellectual Property material to the business or operations of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries owned by a Note Party may be made to a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Note Party.Section 4.24Additional Note Guarantees.(a)The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to either, (i) cause NextNav France, SAS (the French Subsidiary) to execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture substantially in the form of Exhibit B (subject to the Agreed Guarantee Principles), pursuant to which the French Subsidiary shall unconditionally Guarantee, on a senior secured basis, all of the Companys obligations under the Notes and this Indenture on the terms set forth in this Indenture; or(i)cause the French Subsidiary to transfer substantially all of its Intellectual Property (which, for the avoidance of doubt, constitutes the majority of the assets of the French Subsidiary as of the date of this Indenture) on a tax free basis to one or more Domestic Subsidiaries that are Note Guarantors, which transferred Intellectual Property shall, for the avoidance of doubt, constitute After-Acquired Property for purposes of this Indenture, such that following such transfer, the Fair Market Value of any remaining property and assets of the French Subsidiary, as reasonably estimated by the Company, shall not exceed $5.0 million (or its foreign currency equivalent). If the French Subsidiary completes such transfer, it shall be relieved of any obligation under clause (i) above to Guarantee the Companys obligations under the Notes.(b)Following the execution of a supplemental indenture pursuant to clause (a)(i) above, the French Subsidiary shall be a Note Guarantor for all purposes hereof until such Note Guarantee is released in accordance herewith. The Majority Holders may consent to any amendment to, or waiver of, the Companys obligations under, clause (a)(i) hereof.

43

(c)To the extent any one of the Companys Subsidiaries that is not a Note Guarantor as of the Issue Date Guarantees any Indebtedness of the Company or any Note Guarantor as of the Issue Date, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Subsidiary to execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture substantially in the form of ExhibitB (subject to the Agreed Guarantee Principles), pursuant to which such Subsidiary shall unconditionally Guarantee, on a senior secured basis, all of the Companys obligations under the Notes and this Indenture on the terms set forth in this Indenture within 60 days after the Issue Date. Thereafter, such Subsidiary shall be a Note Guarantor for all purposes hereof until such Note Guarantee is released in accordance herewith.(d)If any one of the Companys Subsidiaries that is not a Note Guarantor Guarantees any Indebtedness of the Company or any Note Guarantor after the Issue Date, that Subsidiary shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture in the form of ExhibitB, pursuant to which such Subsidiary shall unconditionally Guarantee, on a senior secured basis, all of the Companys obligations under the Notes and this Indenture on the terms set forth in this Indenture, in each case within 60 days of the date on which such Subsidiary provided such guarantee. Thereafter, such Subsidiary shall be a Note Guarantor for all purposes hereof until such Note Guarantee is released in accordance herewith.(e)Notwithstanding the foregoing, the supplemental indenture and notation of Note Guarantee may be modified in respect of any Note Guarantor organized outside of the United States of America as necessary or appropriate to (1) comply with applicable law, (2) avoid or comply with any general legal limitations such as general statutory limitations, financial assistance, corporate benefit, thin capitalization rules, retention of title claims or similar matters or (3) avoid a conflict with the fiduciary duties of such companys directors, contravention of any legal prohibition or regulatory condition, or the material risk of personal or criminal liability for any officers or directors (collectively referred to as Agreed Guarantee Principles), in each case as determined by the Company in its sole discretion.

Section 4.25After-Acquired Property. From and after the Issue Date, and subject to the applicable limitations and exceptions set forth in the Collateral Documents and this Indenture (including with respect to Excluded Assets), if the Company or any Note Guarantor acquires any After-Acquired Property or if any Subsidiary ceases to be an Excluded Subsidiary or any new Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) becomes a Note Guarantor, the Company or such Note Guarantor shall promptly (but so long as this Indenture is outstanding in no circumstance sooner than required with respect to this Indenture) (i) grant a first-priority perfected security interest (subject to Permitted Encumbrances) upon any such property, as security for the Notes Obligations and (ii) execute and deliver such mortgages, deeds of trust, security instruments, financing statements and certificates in form reasonably satisfactory to the Notes Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Holders)as shall be necessary to vest in the Notes Collateral Agent a perfected security interest, subject only to Permitted Encumbrances, in such After-Acquired Property or in the Collateral of such Note Guarantor and to have such After-Acquired Property or such Collateral (but subject to the limitations set forth in the Collateral Documents) added to the Collateral, and thereupon all provisions of this Indenture relating to the Collateral shall be deemed to relate to such After-Acquired Property or Collateral to the same extent and with the same force and effect, and deliver certificates and Opinions of Counsel consistent with the ones delivered in the applicable jurisdiction in connection with other Collateral Documents or in the case of any jurisdiction where no Liens were previously granted, such certificates and Opinions of Counsel as are customary in such jurisdiction; provided, however, that if granting such security interest in such After-Acquired Property or Collateral requires consent of a third party, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain such consent with respect to the security interest for the benefit of the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent on behalf of the Holders of the Notes; provided further, however, that if such third party does not consent to the granting of such security interest after the use of such commercially reasonable efforts, the Company or such Note Guarantor, as the case may be, will not be required to provide such security interest.

Section 4.26No Impairment of the Security Interests. Except as otherwise permitted under this Indenture and the Collateral Documents, none of the Company nor any of the Note Guarantors shall be permitted to take any action, or knowingly omit to take any action, which action or omission would have the result of materially impairing the security interest with respect to the Collateral for the benefit of the Trustee, the Notes Collateral Agent and the Holders of the Notes.

Section 4.27No Dilutive Transactions.The Company shall not effect any Dilutive Transaction that would, absent the operation of the Floor Price, result in an adjustment to the Conversion Price of a Note pursuant to Section 14.04(f) to an amount less than the Floor Price, unless the Company has obtained shareholder approval as required by the listing standards of The NASDAQ Global Select Market, The NASDAQ Global Market, The NASDAQ Capital Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or any of their respective successors), as applicable, to adjust the Conversion Price of such Note to the applicable Effective Price before such Dilutive Transaction. Upon obtaining such shareholder approval, or upon a determination that such shareholder approval is not required, the Floor Price shall be reduced to the applicable Effective Price, solely with respect to such Dilutive Transaction, for all purposes under Section 14.04(f).

44

ARTICLE 5

LISTS OF HOLDERS AND REPORTS BY THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE

Section 5.01Lists of Holders.The Company covenants and agrees that it will furnish or cause to be furnished to the Trustee, semi-annually, not more than 15 days after each June 30 and December 31 in each year beginning with December 31, 2025, and at such other times as the Trustee may request in writing, within 30 days after receipt by the Company of any such request (or such lesser time as the Trustee may reasonably request in order to enable it to timely provide any notice or payment to be provided by it hereunder), a list in such form as the Trustee may reasonably require of the (i) names, (ii) postal addresses, (iii) email addresses, and (iv) account details and wiring instructions for payment hereunder, of the Holders as of a date not more than 15 days (or such other date as the Trustee may reasonably request in order to so provide any such notices or payment) prior to the time such information is furnished, except that no such list need be furnished so long as the Trustee is acting as Note Registrar.

Section 5.02Preservation and Disclosure of Lists. The Trustee shall preserve, in as current a form as is reasonably practicable, all information as to the names and addresses of the Holders contained in the most recent list furnished to it as provided in Section 5.01 or maintained by the Trustee in its capacity as Note Registrar, if so acting. The Trustee may dispose of any list furnished to it as provided in Section 5.01 upon receipt of a new list so furnished.

ARTICLE 6

DEFAULTS AND REMEDIESSection 6.01Events of Default. Each of the following events shall be an Event of Default with respect to the Notes:(a)default in any payment of interest or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (b) below) on any Note when due and payable, and the default continues for a period of 30 days;(b)default in the payment of principal of any Note when due and payable on the Maturity Date, upon any required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise;(c)failure by the Company to comply with its obligation to convert the Notes in accordance with this Indenture upon exercise of a Holders conversion right and such failure continues for a period of five (5) Business Days;(d)failure by the Company to issue a Fundamental Change Company Notice in accordance with Section 16.03(c)when due, and such failure continues for a period of five (5) Business Days;(e)failure by the Company or a Note Guarantor to comply with its obligations under Article11;(f)failureby the Company or any of the Note Guarantors, as applicable, for 60 days after written notice from the Trustee or the Holders of at least 20% in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding has been received by the Company to comply with any of its other agreements contained in the Notes or this Indenture or the Collateral Documents;(g)any Note Guarantee by a Significant Subsidiary ceases to be in full force and effect in all material respects or any Note Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary denies or disaffirms such Note Guarantors obligations under this Indenture or any Note Guarantee;(h)any Lien purported to be created under any Collateral Document shall cease to be, or shall be asserted by any Note Party in writing not to be, a valid and perfected Lien on any material portion of the Collateral, except (i) as a result of the sale or other disposition of the applicable Collateral to a Person that is not a Note Party in a transaction permitted under the Collateral Documents, (ii) as a result of the Collateral Agents failure to maintain possession of any stock certificates, promissory notes or other instruments delivered to it under the Collateral Documents, (iii) as a result of the Collateral Agents failure to file Uniform Commercial Code continuation statements or (iv) as to Collateral consisting of real property, to the extent that such losses are covered by a lenders title insurance policy and such insurer has not denied coverage;

45

(i)default by the Company or any Significant Subsidiary of the Company with respect to any mortgage, agreement or other instrument under which there may be outstanding, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for money borrowed in excess of $1,000,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) in the aggregate of the Company and/or any such Subsidiary, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created (i) resulting in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable or (ii) constituting a failure to pay the principal or interest of any such debt when due and payable at its stated maturity, upon required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise, in each case, if such default is not cured or waived, or such acceleration is not rescinded, within 30 days after written notice is delivered to the Company by the Trustee or is delivered to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of at least 20% in aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, in accordance with this Indenture;(j)a final judgment or judgments for the payment of $1,000,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) or more (excluding any amounts covered by insurance) in the aggregate is rendered against the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, which judgment is not discharged, paid, bonded, waived or stayed within 30 days after (i) the date on which the right to appeal thereof has expired if no such appeal has commenced, or (ii) the date on which all rights to appeal have been extinguished;(k)the Company or any Significant Subsidiary shall commence a voluntary case or other proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to the Company or any such Significant Subsidiary or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, interim receiver, manager, monitor, liquidator, custodian, voluntary administrator or other similar official of the Company or any such Significant Subsidiary or any substantial part of its property, or shall consent to any such relief or to the appointment of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced against it, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or shall fail generally to pay its debts as they become due; or(l)an involuntary case or other proceeding shall be commenced against the Company or any Significant Subsidiary seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to the Company or such Significant Subsidiary or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, interim receiver, manager, monitor, liquidator, custodian, voluntary administrator or other similar official of the Company or such Significant Subsidiary or any substantial part of its property, and such involuntary case or other proceeding shall remain undismissed and unstayed for a period of 30 consecutive days.

Section 6.02Acceleration; Rescission and Annulment. If one or more Events of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body), then, and in each and every such case (other than an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(k) or Section 6.01(l) with respect to the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries), unless the principal of all of the Notes shall have already become due and payable, either the Trustee or the Holders of at least 20% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding determined in accordance with Section 8.04, by notice in writing to the Company (and to the Trustee if given by Holders), may declare 100% of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, all the Notes to be due and payable immediately, and upon any such declaration the same shall become and shall automatically be immediately due and payable, anything contained in this Indenture or in the Notes to the contrary notwithstanding. If an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(k) or Section 6.01(l) with respect to the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries occurs and is continuing, 100% of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, all Notes shall become and shall automatically be immediately due and payable.

The immediately preceding paragraph, however, is subject to the conditions that if, at any time after the principal of the Notes shall have been so declared due and payable, and before any judgment or decree for the payment of the monies due shall have been obtained or entered as hereinafter provided, the Company shall pay or shall irrevocably deposit with the Trustee a sum sufficient to pay installments of accrued and unpaid interest upon all Notes and the principal of any and all Notes that shall have become due otherwise than by acceleration (with interest on overdue installments of accrued and unpaid interest to the extent that payment of such interest is enforceable under applicable law, and on such principal at the rate borne by the Notes) and amounts due to the Trustee pursuant to Section 7.06, and if (1) rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction and (2) any and all existing Events of Default under this Indenture, other than the nonpayment of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on Notes that shall have become due solely by such acceleration, shall have been cured or waived pursuant to Section 6.09, then and in every such case (except as provided in the immediately succeeding sentence) the Majority Holders in aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding (provided, that if M-Cor beneficially owns at least the M-Cor Minimum Amount of Notes, such Majority Holders must include M-Cor), by written notice to the Company and to the Trustee, may waive all existing and past Defaults or Events of Default with respect to theNotes and rescind and annul such declaration and its consequences and such Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured for every purpose of this Indenture; but no such waiver or rescission and annulment shall extend to or shall affect any subsequent Default or Event of Default, or shall impair any right consequent thereon. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no such waiver or rescission and annulment shall extend to or shall affect any Default or Event of Default resulting from (i) the nonpayment of the principal of, or accrued and unpaid interest on, any Notes, (ii) a failure to repurchase any Notes when required or (iii) a failure to pay or deliver, as the case may be, the consideration due upon conversion of the Notes.

46

Section 6.03Additional Interest

(a)If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes occurs and is continuing, Additional Interest shall accrue on the Notes at a rate equal to 2.00% per annum of the principal amount of Notes outstanding from the date of occurrence of such Event of Default, except that if any cure period applies with respect to such Event of Default, from the date immediately after the expiration of such cure period. Such Additional Interest payable pursuant to this Section 6.03(a) shall be in addition to, not in lieu of, any regular interest payable on such Notes. Additional Interest will be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date following accrual in the same manner as regular interest on the Notes.

(b)Notwithstanding anything in this Indenture or in the Notes to the contrary, to the extent the Company elects, the sole remedy for an Event of Default relating to the Companys failure to comply with its obligations as set forth in Section 4.06(b) shall (i) for the first 90 days after the occurrence of such an Event of Default (beginning on, and including the date on which such an Event of Default first occurs), consist exclusively of the right to receive Additional Interest on the Notes at a rate equal to 0.25% per annum of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding for each day during such 90-day period on which such Event of Default is continuing and (ii) for the period from, and including, the 91st day after the occurrence of such an Event of Default to, and including, the 180th day after the occurrence of such an Event of Default, consist exclusively of the right to receive Additional Interest on the Notes at a rate equal to 0.50% per annum of the principal amount of Notes outstanding for each day during such additional 90-day period on which such an Event of Default is continuing, subject to the second immediately succeeding paragraph. Additional Interest payable pursuant to this Section 6.03(b) shall be in addition to, not in lieu of, any Additional Interest payable pursuant to Section 4.06(d) or Section 4.06(e). If the Company so elects, such Additional Interest shall be payable in the same manner and on the same dates as the stated interest payable on the Notes. On the 181st day after such Event of Default (if the Event of Default relating to the Companys failure to file is not cured or waived prior to such 181st day), the Notes shall be immediately subject to acceleration as provided in Section 6.02. The provisions of this paragraph will not affect the rights of Holders of Notes in the event of the occurrence of any Event of Default other than the Companys failure to comply with its obligations as set forth in Section 4.06(b). In the event the Company does not elect to pay Additional Interest following an Event of Default in accordance with this Section 6.03(b) or the Company elected to make such payment but does not pay the Additional Interest when due, the Notes shall be immediately subject to acceleration as provided in Section 6.02.

In order to elect to pay Additional Interest as the sole remedy during the first 180 days after the occurrence of any Event of Default described in the immediately preceding paragraph, the Company must notify all Holders of the Notes, the Trustee and the Paying Agent in writing of such election prior to the beginning of such 180-day period. Upon the failure to timely give such notice, the Notes shall be immediately subject to acceleration as provided in Section 6.02.

In no event will the rate of any such Additional Interest payable pursuant to this Section 6.03(b), when taken together with any Additional Interest that may accrue as a result of the Companys failure to timely file any document or report that the Company is required to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable (after giving effect to all applicable grace periods thereunder and other than reports on Form 8-K), as described under Section 4.06(d), accrue at a rate in excess of 0.50% per annum, regardless of the number of events or circumstances giving rise to the requirement to pay such Additional Interest.

Section 6.04Payments of Notes on Default; Suit Therefor. If an Event of Default described in clause (a) or (b) of Section 6.01 shall have occurred and be continuing, the Company shall, upon demand of the Trustee, pay to the Trustee, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, the whole amount then due and payable on the Notes for principal and interest, if any, with interest on any overdue principal and interest, if any, at the rate borne by the Notes at such time, and, in addition thereto, such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover any amounts due to the Trustee under Section 7.06. If the Company shall fail to pay such amounts forthwith upon such demand, the Trustee, in its own name and as Trustee of an express trust, may institute a judicial proceeding for the collection of the sums so due and unpaid, may prosecute such proceeding to judgment or final decree and may enforce the same against the Company or any other obligor upon the Notes and collect the moneys adjudged or decreed to be payable in the manner provided by law out of the property of the Company or any other obligor upon the Notes, wherever situated.

47

In the event there shall be pending proceedings for the bankruptcy or for the reorganization of the Company or any other Significant Subsidiary on the Notes under Title 11 of the United States Code, or any other applicable law, or in case a receiver, interim receiver, manager, monitor, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, sequestrator or similar official shall have been appointed for or taken possession of the Company or such other Significant Subsidiary, the property of the Company or such other Significant Subsidiary, or in the event of any other judicial proceedings relative to the Company or such other Significant Subsidiary upon the Notes, or to the creditors or property of the Company or such other Significant Subsidiary, the Trustee, irrespective of whether the principal of the Notes shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Trustee shall have made any demand pursuant to the provisions of this Section 6.04, shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceedings or otherwise, to file and prove a claim or claims for the whole amount of principal and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, in respect of the Notes, and, in case of any judicial proceedings, to file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents and to take such other actions as it may deem necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel) and of the Holders allowed in such judicial proceedings relative to the Company or any other obligor on the Notes, its or their creditors, or its or their property, and to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims, and to distribute the same after the deduction of any amounts due to the Trustee under Section 7.06; and any receiver, interim receiver, manager, monitor, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, custodian or similar official is hereby authorized by each of the Holders to make such payments to the Trustee, as administrative expenses, and, in the event that such payments shall be made directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due it for reasonable compensation, expenses, advances and disbursements, including agents and counsel fees, and including any other amounts due to the Trustee under Section 7.06, incurred by it up to the date of such distribution.

Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting such Holder or the rights of any Holder thereof, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding.

All rights of action and of asserting claims under this Indenture, or under any of the Notes, may be enforced by the Trustee without the possession of any of the Notes, or the production thereof at any trial or other proceeding relative thereto, and any such suit or proceeding instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its own name as Trustee of an express trust, and any recovery of judgment shall, after provision for the payment of the reasonable compensation, costs, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, be for the ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes.

In any proceedings brought by the Trustee (and in any proceedings involving the interpretation of any provision of this Indenture to which the Trustee shall be a party) the Trustee shall be held to represent all the Holders of the Notes, and it shall not be necessary to make any Holders of the Notes parties to any such proceedings.

In case the Trustee shall have proceeded to enforce any right under this Indenture and such proceedings shall have been discontinued or abandoned because of any waiver pursuant to Section6.09 or any rescission and annulment pursuant to Section6.02 or for any other reason or shall have been determined adversely to the Trustee, then and in every such case the Company, the Holders and the Trustee shall, subject to any determination in such proceeding, be restored respectively to their several positions and rights hereunder, and all rights, remedies and powers of the Company, the Holders and the Trustee shall continue as though no such proceeding had been instituted.

Section 6.05Application of Monies Collected by Trustee. Any monies collected by the Trustee pursuant to this Article 6 with respect to the Notes and any money or other property distributable in respect of any grantors Notes Obligations under this Indenture after an Event of Default shall be applied in the following order, at the date or dates fixed by the Trustee for the distribution of such monies or other property, upon presentation of the several Notes, and stamping thereon the payment, if only partially paid, and upon surrender thereof, if fully paid:

First, to the payment of all amounts due to the Notes Collateral Agent and the Trustee, in all of its capacities, under this Indenture, and their respective agents and attorneys for all amounts due under the Notes Documents, including payment of all compensation, expenses and liabilities incurred, and all advances made, by the Trustee, in all of its capacities under this Indenture, the Notes Collateral Agent and their respective agents and attorneys and the costs and expenses of collection;

Second, in case the principal of the outstanding Notes shall not have become due and be unpaid, to the payment of interest on, and any cash due upon conversion of, the Notes in default in the order of the date due of the payments of such interest and cash due upon conversion, as the case may be, with interest (to the extent that such interest has been collected by the Trustee) upon such overdue payments at the rate borne by the Notes at such time, such payments to be made ratably to the Persons entitled thereto;

48

Third, in case the principal of the outstanding Notes shall have become due, by declaration or otherwise, and be unpaid to the payment of the whole amount (including, if applicable, the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, the Redemption Price and any cash due upon conversion) then owing and unpaid upon the Notes for principal and interest, if any, with interest on the overdue principal and, to the extent that such interest has been collected by the Trustee, upon overdue installments of interest at the rate borne by the Notes at such time, and in case such monies shall be insufficient to pay in full the whole amounts so due and unpaid upon the Notes, then to the payment of such principal (including, if applicable, the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price,the Redemption Price and any cash due upon conversion) and interest without preference or priority of principal over interest, or of interest over principal or of any installment of interest over any other installment of interest, or of any Note over any other Note, ratably to the aggregate of such principal (including, if applicable, the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price,the Redemption Price and any cash due upon conversion) and accrued and unpaid interest; and

Fourth, to the payment of the remainder, if any, to the Company.

Section 6.06Proceedings by Holders. Except to enforce the right to receive payment of principal (including, if applicable, the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or Redemption Price) or interest when due, or the right to receive delivery of the consideration due upon conversion, no Holder of any Note shall have any right by virtue of or by availing of any provision of this Indenture to institute any suit, action or proceeding in equity or at law upon or under or with respect to this Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver, interim receiver, manager, monitor, trustee, liquidator, custodian or other similar official, or for any other remedy hereunder, unless:

(a)such Holder previously shall have given to the Trustee written notice of an Event of Default and of the continuance thereof, as herein provided;

(b)Holders of at least 20% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding shall have made written request upon the Trustee to institute such action, suit or proceeding in its own name as Trustee hereunder;

(c)such Holders shall have offered to the Trustee such security, prefunding and/or indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against any loss, liability, claim, cost, damage or expense to be incurred therein or thereby;

(d)the Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of such security, prefunding and/or indemnity, shall have neglected or refused to institute any such action, suit or proceeding; and

(e)no direction that, in the opinion of the Trustee, is inconsistent with such written request shall have been given to the Trustee by the Majority Holders within such 60-day period pursuant to Section6.09, it being understood and intended, and being expressly covenanted by the taker and Holder of every Note with every other taker and Holder and the Trustee that no one or more Holders shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of or by availing of any provision of this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other Holder (it being understood that the Trustee shall have no liability or responsibility to determine whether any such action is prejudicial to the Holders), or to obtain or seek to obtain priority over or preference to any other such Holder, or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner herein provided and for the equal, ratable and common benefit of all Holders (except as otherwise provided herein). For the protection and enforcement of this Section 6.06, each and every Holder and the Trustee shall be entitled to such relief as can be given either at law or in equity.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture and any provision of any Note, the right of any Holder to receive payment or delivery, as the case may be, of (x) the principal (including, if applicable, the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or Redemption Price) of and (y) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, such Note, on or after the respective due dates expressed or provided for in such Note or in this Indenture, or to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment or delivery, as the case may be, on or after such respective dates against the Company shall not be impaired or affected without the consent of such Holder.

Section 6.07Proceedings by Trustee. In case of an Event of Default, the Trustee may proceed to protect and enforce the rights vested in it by this Indenture by such appropriate judicial proceedings as are necessary to protect and enforce any of such rights, either by suit in equity or by action at law or by proceeding in bankruptcy or otherwise, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement contained in this Indenture or in aid of the exercise of any power granted in this Indenture, or to enforce any other legal or equitable right vested in the Trustee by this Indenture or by law.

49

Section 6.08Remedies Cumulative and Continuing. Except as provided in the last paragraph of Section 2.06, all powers and remedies given by this Article6 to the Trustee or to the Holders shall, to the extent permitted by law, be deemed cumulative and not exclusive of any thereof or of any other powers and remedies available to the Trustee or the Holders of the Notes, by judicial proceedings or otherwise, to enforce the performance or observance of the covenants and agreements contained in this Indenture, and no delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Holder of any of the Notes to exercise any right or power accruing during the continuance of any Default or Event of Default shall impair any such right or power, or shall be construed to be a waiver of any such Default or Event of Default or any acquiescence therein; and, subject to the provisions of Section6.06, every power and remedy given by this Article6 or by law to the Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as shall be deemed expedient, by the Trustee or by the Holders.

Section 6.09Direction of Proceedings and Waiver of Defaults by the Majority Holders. The Majority Holders determined in accordance with Section 8.04(provided, that if M-Cor beneficially owns at least the M-Cor Minimum Amount of Notes, such Majority Holders must include M-Cor) shall have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee with respect to the Notes; provided, however, that (a) such direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture, and (b) the Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee that is not inconsistent with such direction. The Trustee may refuse to follow any direction that it determines is unduly prejudicial to the rights of any other Holder or that would involve the Trustee in personal liability, it being expressly understood that the Trustee shall not have an affirmative duty to ascertain whether such action is prejudicial. The Majority Holders determined in accordance with Section 8.04(provided, that if M-Cor beneficially owns at least the M-Cor Minimum Amount of Notes, such Majority Holders must include M-Cor) may on behalf of the Holders of all of the Notes waive any existing or past Default or Event of Default hereunder and its consequences except (i) a default in the payment of accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, or the principal (including, if applicable, the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or Redemption Price) of, the Notes when due that has not been cured pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.01, (ii) a continuing failure by the Company to deliver the consideration due upon conversion of the Notes or (iii) a continuing default in respect of a covenant or provision hereof which under Article 10 cannot be modified or amended without the consent of each Holder of an outstanding Note affected. Upon any such waiver the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes shall be restored to their former positions and rights hereunder; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. Whenever any Default or Event of Default hereunder shall have been waived as permitted by this Section 6.09, said Default or Event of Default shall for all purposes of the Notes and this Indenture be deemed to have been cured and to be not continuing; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

Section 6.10Notice of Defaults. The Trustee shall, within 90 days after the occurrence and continuance of a Default of which a Responsible Officer has actual knowledge (or, if it is not known to a Responsible Officer at such time, promptly (and in any event within twenty (20) Business Days) after it becomes known to a Responsible Officer), deliver to all Holders notice of all Defaults actually known to a Responsible Officer, unless such Defaults shall have been cured or waived before the giving of such notice; provided that, except in the case of a Default in the payment of the principal (including, if applicable, the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or Redemption Price) of, or accrued and unpaid interest on, any of the Notes or a Default in the delivery of the consideration due upon conversion, the Trustee shall be protected in withholding such notice if and so long as the Trustee in good faith determines that the withholding of such notice is in the interests of theHolders.

Section 6.11Undertaking to Pay Costs. All parties to this Indenture agree, and each Holder of any Note by its acceptance thereof shall be deemed to have agreed, that any court may, in its discretion, require, in any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture, or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it as Trustee, the filing by any party litigant in such suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit and that such court may in its discretion assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, against any party litigant in such suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by such party litigant; provided that the provisions of this Section 6.11 (to the extent permitted by law) shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Trustee, to any suit instituted by any Holder, or group of Holders, holding in the aggregate more than 10% in principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding determined in accordance with Section 8.04, or to any suit instituted by any Holder for the enforcement ofthe payment of the principal (including, if applicable, the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or Redemption Price) of or accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on any Note on or after the due date expressed or provided for in such Note or to any suit for the enforcement of the right to convert any Note, or receive the consideration due upon conversion, in accordance with the provisions of Article 14.

50

ARTICLE 7

CONCERNING THE TRUSTEE

Section 7.01Duties and Responsibilities of Trustee. The Trustee, prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default and after the curing or waiver of all Events of Default that may have occurred, undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Indenture. In the event an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing of which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actual knowledge, the Trustee shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such persons own affairs; provided that if an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers under this Indenture at the written request or direction of any of the Holders unless such Holders have offered to the Trustee indemnity and/or security (including by way of prefunding) reasonably satisfactory to it against any loss, claim, liability cost, damage or expense that might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction.No provision of this Indenture shall be construed to relieve the Trustee from liability for its own grossly negligent action, its own grossly negligent failure to act or its own willful misconduct, except that:(a)prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default and after the curing or waiving of all Events of Default that may have occurred:(i)the duties and obligations of the Trustee shall be determined solely by the express provisions of this Indenture, and the Trustee shall not be liable except for the performance of such duties and obligations as are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee; and(ii)in the absence of gross negligence and willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon any certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture; but, in the case of any such certificates or opinions that by any provisions hereof are specifically required to be furnished to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be under a duty to examine the same to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of any mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein);(b)the Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer or Officers of the Trustee, unless it shall be proved that the Trustee was grossly negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts;(c)the Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the direction of the Majority Holders determined as provided in Section 8.04 relating to the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee, under this Indenture;(d)whether or not therein provided, every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of, or affording protection to, the Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of this Section 7.01;(e)the Trustee shall not be liable in respect of any payment (as to the correctness of amount, entitlement to receive or any other matters relating to payment) or notice effected by the Company or any Paying Agent or any records maintained by any co-Note Registrar with respect to the Notes;(f)if any party fails to deliver a notice relating to an event the fact of which, pursuant to this Indenture, requires notice to be sent to the Trustee, the Trustee may conclusively rely on its failure to receive such notice as reason to act as if no such event occurred, unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee had actual knowledge of such event;(g)in the absence of written investment direction from the Company, all cash received by the Trustee shall be placed in a non-interest bearing trust account, and in no event shall the Trustee be liable for the selection of investments or for investment losses, fees, taxes or other charges incurred thereon or for losses incurred as a result of the liquidation of any such investment prior to its maturity date or the failure of the party directing such investments prior to its maturity date to provide timely written investment direction, and the Trustee shall have no obligation to invest or reinvest any amounts held hereunder in the absence of such written investment direction from the Company;

51

(h)the Trustee shall not be liable for interest on any money received by it except as the Trustee may agree in writing with the Company; and(i)in the event that the Trustee is also acting as Custodian, Note Registrar, Paying Agent, Conversion Agent or transfer agent hereunder, the rights and protections afforded to the Trustee pursuant to this Article 7 shall also be afforded to such Custodian, Note Registrar, Paying Agent, Conversion Agent or transfer agent.None of the provisions contained in this Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur personal financial liability in the performance of any of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if there are reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it. Under no circumstances will the Trustee be liable in its individual capacity for the obligations evidenced by the Notes.

Section 7.02Reliance on Documents, Opinions, Etc. Except as otherwise provided in Section 7.01:

(a)before the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require an Officers Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel or both. The Trustee will not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel;

(b)the Trustee may conclusively rely and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, bond, note, coupon or other paper or document believed by it in good faith to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties and the Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in any such document;

(c)any request, direction, order or demand of the Company mentioned herein shall be in writing and sufficiently evidenced by an Officers Certificate (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed); and, if requested by the Trustee, an Opinion of Counsel (except as set forth in Section 17.05); and any Board Resolution may be evidenced to the Trustee by a copy thereof certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company;

(d)the Trustee will not be liable for any action it takes, suffers or omits to take in good faith that it believes to be authorized or within the discretion or rights or powers conferred upon it by this Indenture;

(e)the Trustee may consult with counsel of its selection and require an Opinion of Counsel and any advice of such counsel or Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with such advice or Opinion of Counsel;

(f)the Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture or other paper or document, but the Trustee may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit, and, if the Trustee shall determine to make such further inquiry or investigation, it shall be entitled to examine the books, records and premises of the Company, personally or by agent or attorney at the expense of the Company and shall incur no liability of any kind by reason of such inquiry or investigation;

(g)the Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents, custodians, nominees or attorneys and the Trustee shall not be responsible for any act, omissions, misconduct or negligence on the part of any agent, custodian, nominee or attorney appointed by it with due care hereunder;

(h)(i) in the event the Trustee receives inconsistent or conflicting requests and indemnity from the Majority Holders and any group or groups of Holders, regardless of the percentage in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding owned by such group or groups of Holders, pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture, the Trustee shall follow the instructions of, and accept the indemnity from, the Majority Holders; and

52

(ii)in the event the Trustee receives inconsistent or conflicting requests and indemnity from two or more groups of Holders, each representing less than 50% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture, the Trustee, in its sole discretion, may determine what action, if any, will be taken and the Trustee shall be entitled not to take any action until such instructions have been resolved or clarified to its satisfaction and the Trustee shall not be or become liable in any way or person for any failure to comply with any conflicting, unclear or equivocal instructions;

(i)the permissive rights of the Trustee enumerated herein shall not be construed as duties;

(j)the Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice of any Default or Event of Default unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actual knowledge thereof or unless written notice of any event which is in fact such a default is received by the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and such notice references the Notes and this Indenture;

(k)the rights, privileges, protections, indemnities, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee, including, without limitation, its right to be indemnified and/or secured (including by way of prefunding) to its satisfaction, are extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Notes Collateral Agent and the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, and each agent, custodian and other Person employed to act hereunder;

(l)the Trustee shall not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the performance of its powers and duties hereunder;

(m)unless this Indenture specifically provides otherwise, any demand, request, direction or notice from the Company will be sufficient if signed by an Officer of the Company;

(n)the Trustee may request that the Company deliver a certificate setting forth the names of individuals and/or titles of officers authorized at such time to take specified actions pursuant to this Indenture;

(o)the Trustee may refrain from taking any action in any jurisdiction if the taking of such action in that jurisdiction would, in its reasonable opinion, based upon legal advice in the relevant jurisdiction, be contrary to any law, regulation or directive of that jurisdiction or, to the extent applicable, the State of New York or any directive, sanction or regulation of any agency of any such state or jurisdiction and may without liability do anything which is, in its reasonable opinion based upon legal advice, necessary to comply with any such law, directive or regulation;

(p)the Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request, order or direction of any of the Holders pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture, unless such Holders shall have offered and, if requested, provided to the Trustee, indemnity and/or other security (including by way of prefunding) reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee against the costs, expenses and liabilities which may be incurred by it in compliance with such request, order or direction;

(q)the Trustee shall not have any obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance, and shall not be responsible or liable for compliance with restrictions on transfer, exchange, redemption, purchase or repurchase, as applicable, of minimum denominations imposed under this Indenture or under applicable law or regulation with respect to any transfer, exchange, redemption, purchase or repurchase, as applicable, of any interest in any Notes;

(r)the Trustee shall have no duty (A) to see any recording, filing, or depositing of this Indenture or any Collateral Document, or any financing statement or continuation statement evidencing a security interest, or to see to the maintenance of such recording or filing or depositing, or to any re-recording, refiling, or redepositing of any thereof, or otherwise monitoring the perfection, continuation of perfection, or the sufficiency or validity of any security interest in or related to any Collateral or (B) to see to the payment or discharge of any tax, assessment, or other governmental charge or any lien or encumbrance of any kind owing with respect to, assessed or levied against, any part of the Collateral;

53

(s)the Trustee may assume without inquiry in the absence of actual knowledge that the Company and each Note Guarantor is duly complying with their obligations contained in any Notes Document required to be performed and observed by them, and that no Default or Event of Default or other event which would require repayment of the Notes has occurred;

(t)the Trustee shall have no obligation whatsoever to assure that the Collateral exists or is owned by any grantor or is cared for, protected, insured or has been encumbered, or that any Liens on the Collateral have been properly or sufficiently or lawfully created, perfected, protected, maintained or enforced or are entitled to any particular priority, or to determine whether the property constituting collateral intending to be subject to the interest and the interest of the Collateral Documents has been properly and completely listed or delivered, as the case may be, or the genuineness, validity, marketability or sufficiency thereof or title thereto;

(u)the Trustee shall have no duty to monitor the performance or actions of the Notes Collateral Agent. The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability for the actions or omissions of the Notes Collateral Agent. In each case that the Trustee is requested hereunder or under any of the Collateral Documents to give direction or provide any consent or approval to the Notes Collateral Agent, the Company or to any other party, the Trustee may seek direction from the Majority Holders. If the Trustee requests direction from the Majority Holders with respect to giving any direction to the Notes Collateral Agent, the Trustee shall be entitled to refrain from giving such direction unless and until the Trustee shall have received direction from the Majority Holders, and the Trustee shall not incur liability to any Person by reason of so refraining;

(v)At any time that the security granted pursuant to the Collateral Documents has become enforceable and the Majority Holders have given a direction to the Trustee to enforce such security, the Trustee is not required to give any direction to the Notes Collateral Agent with respect thereto unless it has been indemnified in accordance with Section 7.01 and Section 7.02(p) of this Indenture. In any event, in connection with any enforcement of such security, the Trustee is not responsible for:(i)any failure of the Notes Collateral Agent to enforce such security within a reasonable time or at all;(ii)any failure of the Notes Collateral Agent to pay over the proceeds of enforcement of the Collateral;(iii)any failure of the Notes Collateral Agent to realize such security for the best price obtainable;(iv)monitoring the activities of the Notes Collateral Agent in relation to such enforcement;(v)taking any enforcement action itself in relation to such security;(vi)agreeing to any proposed course of action by the Notes Collateral Agent which could result in the Trustee incurring any liability for its own account; or(vii)paying any fees, costs or expenses of the Notes Collateral Agent;(w)No provision of this Indenture or of the Notes Documents shall require the Trustee to indemnify the Notes Collateral Agent, and the Notes Collateral Agent shall be required to waive any claim it may otherwise have by operation of law in any jurisdiction to be indemnified by the Trustee acting as principal vis--vis its agent, the Notes Collateral Agent (but this shall not prejudice the Notes Collateral Agents rights to bring any claim or suit against the Trustee (including for damages in the case of gross negligence or willful default of the Trustee)) and(x)The Trustee shall be under no obligation to effect or maintain insurance or to renew any policies of insurance or to inquire as to the sufficiency of any policies of insurance carried by the Company or Notes Guarantor, or to report, or make or file claims or proof of loss for, any loss or damage insured against it that may occur, or to keep itself informed or advised as to the payment of any taxes or assessments, or to require any such payment be made.

54

(y)In no event shall the Trustee be liable for any special, punitive, indirect or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. The Trustee shall not be charged with knowledge of any Default or Event of Default with respect to the Notes, unless either (1) a Responsible Officer shall have actual knowledge of such Default or Event of Default or (2) written notice of such Default or Event of Default shall have been given to the Trustee by the Company or by any Holder of the Notes.

Section 7.03No Responsibility for Recitals, Etc. The recitals contained herein and in the Notes (except in the Trustees certificate of authentication) shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness of the same. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Indenture or of the Notes. The Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Company of any Notes or the proceeds of any Notes authenticated and delivered by the Trustee in conformity with the provisions of this Indenture.

Section 7.04Trustee, Paying Agents, Conversion Agents or Note Registrar May Own Notes. The Trustee, any Paying Agent, any Conversion Agent or Note Registrar, in its individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of Notes with the same rights it would have if it were not the Trustee, Paying Agent, Conversion Agent or Note Registrar.

Section 7.05Monies and Common Shares to Be Held in Trust. All monies and shares of Common Stock received by the Trustee shall, until used or applied as herein provided, be held in trust for the purposes for which they were received. Money and shares of Common Stock held by the Trustee in trust hereunder need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. The Trustee shall be under no liability for interest on any money or shares of Common Stock received by it hereunder except as may be agreed from time to time by the Company and the Trustee.

Section 7.06Compensation and Expenses of Trustee. The Company and the Note Guarantors, jointly and severally, covenant and agree to pay to the Trustee from time to time, and the Trustee shall receive, such compensation for all services rendered by it hereunder in any capacity (which shall not be limited by any provision of law in regard to the compensation of a trustee of an express trust) as mutually agreed to in writing between the Trustee and the Company, and the Company will pay or reimburse the Trustee upon its request for all reasonable expenses, costs, disbursements and advances reasonably incurred or made by the Trustee in accordance with any of the provisions of this Indenture in any capacity thereunder (including the reasonable compensation and the costs, expenses and disbursements of its agents and counsel and of all Persons not regularly in its employ) except any such expense, disbursement or advance as shall have been caused by its gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a final order of a court of competent jurisdiction). In the event of the occurrence of an Event of Default or the Trustee considering it expedient or necessary or being requested by the Company to undertake duties which the Trustee reasonably determines to be of an exceptional nature or otherwise outside the scope of the normal duties of the Trustee, the Company shall pay to the Trustee promptly upon request for all such additional remuneration for such duties. Such expenses include the reasonable compensation, disbursements, expenses and advances of the Trustees agents, counsel, accountants and experts. The Company and the Note Guarantors, jointly and severally, also covenant to indemnify the Trustee in any capacity under this Indenture and any other document or transaction entered into in connection herewith and its agents and any authenticating agent for, and to hold them harmless against, any loss, claim (whether asserted by the Company, a Holder or any other Person), damage, liability or expense incurred without gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee, its officers, directors, agents or employees, or such agent or authenticating agent, as the case may be, and arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of this Indenture or in any other capacity hereunder, including the costs and expenses of defending themselves against any claim of liability in the premises, and the enforcement of this Indenture, including this Section 7.06. The obligations of the Company under this Section 7.06 to compensate or indemnify the Trustee and to pay or reimburse the Trustee for expenses, disbursements and advances shall be secured by a senior claim (or lien) to which the Notes are hereby made subordinate on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee, except, subject to the effect of Section 6.05, funds held in trust herewith for the benefit of the Holders of particular Notes. The Trustees right to receive payment of any amounts due under this Section 7.06 shall not be subordinate to any other liability or indebtedness of the Company. The obligation of the Company under this Section 7.06 shall survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and the earlier resignation or removal or the Trustee. The Company need not pay for any settlement made without its consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The indemnification provided in this Section 7.06 shall extend to the officers, directors, agents and employees of the Trustee.

55

To secure the Companys payment obligations in this Section 7.06, the Trustee shall have a Lien prior to the Notes on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee, in its capacity as Trustee, except money or property held in trust to pay principal of, premium, if any, and interest on particular Notes. Such Lien shall survive the resignation or removal of the Trustee or the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, with respect to any Notes, the complete satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, any termination of this Indenture or any Supplemental Indenture, including any termination or rejection of this Indenture or any Supplemental Indenture in any insolvency or similar proceeding, and the repayment of all the Notes.

Without prejudice to any other rights available to the Trustee under applicable law, when the Trustee and its agents and any authenticating agent incur expenses or render services after an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(k) or Section 6.01(l) occurs, the expenses and the compensation for the services are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws.

Section 7.07Officers Certificate as Evidence. Except as otherwise provided in Section 7.01, whenever in the administration of the provisions of this Indenture the Trustee shall deem it necessary or desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking or omitting any action hereunder, such matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee, be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee, and such Officers Certificate, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee, shall be full warrant to the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it under the provisions of this Indenture upon the faith thereof.

Section 7.08Eligibility of Trustee.There shall at all times be a Trustee hereunder that is a corporation or other legal entity organized and doing business under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof, that is authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trustee power that is subject to supervision or examination by the U.S. federal and state authorities and that has a combined capital and surplus of at least the minimum amount required by the Trust Indenture Act. If such Person publishes reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of any supervising or examining authority, then for the purposes of this Section7.08, the combined capital and surplus of such Person shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so published. If at any time the Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7.08, it shall resign promptly in the manner and with the effect hereinafter specified in this Article.

Section 7.09Resignation or Removal of Trustee.(a) The Trustee may at any time resign by giving written notice of such resignation to the Company and by delivering notice thereof to the Holders. Upon receiving such notice of resignation, the Company shall promptly appoint a successor Trustee by written instrument, in duplicate, executed by order of the Board of Directors, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the resigning Trustee and one copy to the successor Trustee. If no successor Trustee shall have been so appointed and have accepted appointment within 45 days after the giving of such notice of resignation to the Holders, the resigning Trustee may, upon ten Business Days notice to the Company and the Holders, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee (at the Companys expense), or any Holder who has been a bona fide holder of a Note or Notes for at least six months (or since the date of this Indenture) may, subject to the provisions of Section 6.11, on behalf of himself or herself and all others similarly situated, petition any such court for the appointment of a successor Trustee. Such court may thereupon, after such notice, if any, as it may deem proper and prescribe, appoint a successor Trustee.

(b)In case at any time any of the following shall occur:

(i)the Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of Section 7.08 and shall fail to resign after written request therefor by the Company or by any such Holder, or

(ii)the Trustee shall become incapable of acting, or shall be adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, or a receiver, interim receiver, manager or monitor of the Trustee or of its property shall be appointed, or any public officer shall take charge or control of the Trustee or of its property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation, then, in either case, the Company may by a Board Resolution remove the Trustee and appoint a successor Trustee by written instrument, in duplicate, executed by order of the Board of Directors, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the Trustee so removed and one copy to the successor Trustee, or, subject to the provisions of Section 6.11, any Holder who has been a bona fide holder of a Note or Notes for at least six months (or since the date of this Indenture) may, on behalf of himself or herself and all others similarly situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment of a successor Trustee. Such court may thereupon, after such notice, if any, as it may deem proper and prescribe, remove the Trustee and appoint a successor Trustee.

56

(c)The Majority Holders as determined in accordance with Section 8.04, may at any time remove the Trustee and nominate a successor Trustee that shall be deemed appointed as successor Trustee by giving written notice of such removal and appointment to the Company and by delivering notice thereof to the remaining Holders (if any).

(d)Any resignation or removal of the Trustee and appointment of a successor Trustee pursuant to any of the provisions of this Section 7.09 shall become effective upon acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee as provided in Section 7.10; provided that all sums owing to the Trustee under the Notes Documents shall have been paid and subject to the Lien provided for in Section 7.06.

(e)The retiring Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability for any action or inaction of a successor Trustee.

Section 7.10Acceptance by Successor Trustee. Any successor Trustee appointed as provided in Section 7.09 shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Company and to its predecessor Trustee an instrument accepting such appointment hereunder, and thereupon the resignation or removal of the predecessor Trustee shall become effective and such successor Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all the rights, powers, duties and obligations of its predecessor hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as Trustee herein; but, nevertheless, on the written request of the Company or of the successor Trustee, the Trustee ceasing to act shall, upon payment of any amounts then due it pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.06, execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor Trustee all the rights and powers of the Trustee so ceasing to act. Upon request of any such successor Trustee, the Company shall execute any and all instruments in writing for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor Trustee all such rights and powers. Any Trustee ceasing to act shall, nevertheless, retain a senior claim to which the Notes are hereby made subordinate on all money or property held or collected by such Trustee as such, except for funds held in trust for the benefit of Holders of particular Notes, to secure any amounts then due it pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.06. No successor Trustee shall accept appointment as provided in this Section 7.10 unless at the time of such acceptance such successor Trustee shall be eligible under the provisions of Section 7.08.

Upon acceptance of appointment by a successor Trustee as provided in this Section 7.10, each of the Company and the successor Trustee, at the written direction and at the expense of the Company shall send or cause to be sent a notice of the succession of such Trustee hereunder to the Holders at their addresses as they shall appear on the Note Register. If the Company fails to send such notice within ten days after acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee, the successor Trustee shall cause such notice to be sent at the expense of the Company.

Section 7.11Succession by Merger, Etc. Any corporation or other entity into which the Trustee may be merged, amalgamated, or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation or other entity resulting from any merger, amalgamation, conversion or consolidation to which the Trustee shall be a party, or any corporation or other entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Trustee (including the administration of this Indenture), shall be the successor to the Trustee hereunder without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto; provided that in the case of any corporation or other entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Trustee such corporation or other entity shall be eligible under the provisions of Section 7.08.

In case at the time such successor to the Trustee shall succeed to the trusts created by this Indenture, any of the Notes shall have been authenticated but not delivered, any such successor to the Trustee may adopt the certificate of authentication of any predecessor Trustee or authenticating agent appointed by such predecessor Trustee, and deliver such Notes so authenticated; and in case at that time any of the Notes shall not have been authenticated, any successor to the Trustee or an authenticating agent appointed by such successor Trustee may authenticate such Notes either in the name of any predecessor Trustee hereunder or in the name of the successor Trustee; and in all such cases such certificates shall have the full force which is provided anywhere in the Notes or in this Indenture that the certificates of the Trustee shall have; provided, however, that the right to adopt the certificate of authentication of any predecessor Trustee or to authenticate Notes in the name of any predecessor Trustee shall apply only to its successor or successors by merger, amalgamation, conversion or consolidation.

57

Section 7.12Trustees Application for Instructions from the Company. Any application by the Trustee for written instructions from the Company (other than with regard to any action proposed to be taken or omitted to be taken by the Trustee that affects the rights of the Holders of the Notes under this Indenture) may, at the option of the Trustee, set forth in writing any action proposed to be taken or omitted by the Trustee under this Indenture and the date on and/or after which such action shall be taken or such omission shall be effective. The Trustee shall not be liable to the Company for any action taken by, or omission of, the Trustee in accordance with a proposal included in such application on or after the date specified in such application (which date shall not be less than three Business Days after the date any Officer that the Company has indicated to the Trustee should receive such application actually receives such application, unless any such Officer shall have consented in writing to any earlier date), unless, prior to taking any such action (or the effective date in the case of any omission), the Trustee shall have received written instructions in accordance with this Indenture in response to such application specifying the action to be taken or omitted.

Section 7.13Collateral Documents. By their acceptance of the Notes, the Holders hereby authorize and direct the Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent, as the case may be, to execute and deliver each of the Collateral Documents to which the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent, as applicable, is to be a party, including any Collateral Documents executed on or after the Issue Date and any amendments, joinders or supplements to any Collateral Document permitted by this Indenture. It is hereby expressly acknowledged and agreed that, in doing so, the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent are not responsible for the terms or contents of such agreements, or for the validity or enforceability thereof, or the sufficiency thereof for any purpose. Whether or not so expressly stated therein, in entering into, or taking (or forbearing from) any action under, any Collateral Document, the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent each shall have all of the rights, privileges, benefits, immunities, indemnities and other protections granted to them under this Indenture (in addition to those that may be granted to it under the terms of such other agreement or agreements).

ARTICLE 8

CONCERNING THE HOLDERS

Section 8.01Action by Holders. Whenever in this Indenture it is provided that the Holders of a specified percentage of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes may take any action (including the making of any demand or request, the giving of any notice, consent or waiver or the taking of any other action), the fact that at the time of taking any such action, the Holders of such specified percentage have joined therein may be evidenced (a) by any instrument or any number of instruments of similar tenor executed by Holders in person or by agent or proxy appointed in writing, or (b) by the record of the Holders voting in favor thereof at any meeting of Holders duly called and held in accordance with the provisions of Article 9, or (c) by a combination of such instrument or instruments and any such record of such a meeting of Holders. Whenever the Company or the Trustee solicits the taking of any action by the Holders of the Notes, the Company or the Trustee may, but shall not be required to, fix in advance of such solicitation, a date as the record date for determining Holders entitled to take such action. The record date if one is selected shall be not more than fifteen days prior to the date of commencement of solicitation of such action.

Section 8.02Proof of Execution by Holders. Subject to the provisions of Section 7.01, Section 7.02 and Section 9.05, proof of the execution of any instrument by a Holder or its agent or proxy shall be sufficient if made in accordance with such reasonable rules and regulations of the Trustee as shall then be customary and standard. The holding of Notes shall be proved by the Note Register or by a certificate of the Note Registrar. The record of any Holders meeting shall be proved in the manner provided in Section 9.06.

Section 8.03Who Are Deemed Absolute Owners. The Company, the Trustee, any authenticating agent, any Paying Agent, any Conversion Agent and any Note Registrar may deem the Person in whose name a Note shall be registered upon the Note Register to be, and may treat it as, the absolute owner of such Note (whether or not such Note shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing thereon made by any Person other than the Company or any Note Registrar) for the purpose of receiving payment of, or on account of, the principal (including, if applicable, any Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or Redemption Price) of, and (subject to Section 2.03) accrued and unpaid interest on, such Note and for all other purposes; and neither the Company nor the Trustee nor any Paying Agent nor any Conversion Agent nor any Note Registrar shall be affected or incur any liability by any notice to the contrary. All such payments or deliveries so made to any Holder for the time being, or upon its order, shall be valid, and, to the extent of the sums or shares of Common Stock so paid or delivered, effectual to satisfy and discharge the liability for monies payable or shares deliverable upon any such Note.

Section 8.04Company-Owned Notes Disregarded. In determining whether the Holders of the requisite aggregate principal amount of Notes have concurred in any direction, consent, waiver or other action under this Indenture, Notes that are owned by the Company, by any Subsidiary thereof or by any Affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary thereof shall be disregarded and deemed not to be outstanding for the purpose of any such determination; provided that for the purposes of determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying on any such direction, consent, waiver or other action only Notes that a Responsible Officer actually knows are so owned shall be so disregarded. Notes so owned that have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as outstanding for the purposes of this Section 8.04 if the pledgee shall establish to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgees right to so act with respect to such Notes and that the pledgee is not the Company, a Subsidiary thereof or an Affiliate of the Company or a Subsidiary thereof. In the case of a dispute as to such right, any decision by the Trustee taken upon the advice of counsel shall be full protection to the Trustee. Upon request of the Trustee, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee promptly an Officers Certificate listing and identifying all Notes, if any, known by the Company to be owned or held by or for the account of any of the above described Persons; and, subject to Section 7.01, the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such Officers Certificate as conclusive evidence of the facts therein set forth and of the fact that all Notes not listed therein are outstanding for the purpose of any such determination.

58

Section 8.05Revocation of Consents; Future Holders Bound. At any time prior to (but not after) the evidencing to the Trustee, as provided in Section 8.01, of the taking of any action by the Holders of the percentage of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes specified in this Indenture in connection with such action, any Holder of a Note that is shown by the evidence to be included in the Notes the Holders of which have consented to such action may, by filing written notice with the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office and upon proof of holding as provided in Section 8.02 revoke such action so far as concerns such Note. Except as aforesaid, any such action taken by the Holder of any Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders and owners of such Note and of any Notes issued in exchange or substitution therefor or upon registration of transfer thereof, irrespective of whether any notation in regard thereto is made upon such Note or any Note issued in exchange or substitution therefor or upon registration of transfer thereof.

ARTICLE 9

HOLDERS MEETINGS

Section 9.01Purpose of Meetings. A meeting of Holders may be called at any time and from time to time pursuant to the provisions of this Article9 for any of the following purposes:

(a)to give any notice to the Company or to the Trustee or to give any directions to the Trustee permitted under this Indenture, or to consent to the waiving of any Default or Eventof Default hereunder (in each case, as permitted under this Indenture) and its consequences, or to take any other action authorized to be taken by Holders pursuant to any of the provisions of Article 6;

(b)to remove the Trustee and nominate a successor Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Article 7;

(c)to consent to the execution of an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto pursuant to the provisions of Section 10.02; or

(d)to take any other action authorized to be taken by or on behalf of the Holders of any specified aggregate principal amount of the Notes under any other provision of this Indenture or under applicable law.

Section 9.02Call of Meetings by Trustee.The Trustee may at any time call a meeting of Holders to take any action specified in Section 9.01, to be held at such time and at such place as the Trustee shall determine. Notice of every meeting of the Holders, setting forth the time and the place of such meeting and in general terms the action proposed to be taken at such meeting and the establishment of any record date pursuant to Section8.01, shall be delivered to Holders of such Notes. Such notice shall also be delivered to the Company. Such notices shall be delivered not less than 20 nor more than 90 days prior to the date fixed for the meeting.

Any meeting of Holders shall be valid without notice if the Holders of all Notes then outstanding are present in person or by proxy or if notice is waived before or after the meeting by the Holders of all Notes then outstanding, and if the Company and the Trustee are either present by duly authorized representatives or have, before or after the meeting, waived notice.

Section 9.03Call of Meetings by Company or Holders. In case at any time the Company, pursuant to a Board Resolution or the Holders of at least 10% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, shall have requested the Trustee to call a meeting of Holders, by written request setting forth in reasonable detail the action proposed to be taken at the meeting, and the Trustee shall not have delivered the notice of such meeting within 20 days after receipt of such request, then the Company or such Holders may determine the time and the place for such meeting and may call such meeting to take any action authorized in Section 9.01, by delivering notice thereof as provided in Section 9.02.

Section 9.04Qualifications for Voting. To be entitled to vote at any meeting of Holders a Person shall (a) be a Holder of one or more Notes on the record date pertaining to such meeting or (b) be a Person appointed by an instrument in writing as proxy by a Holder of one or more Notes on the record date pertaining to such meeting. The only Persons who shall be entitled to be present or to speak at any meeting of Holders shall be the Persons entitled to vote at such meeting and their counsel and any representatives of the Trustee and its counsel and any representatives of the Company and its counsel.

Section 9.05Regulations. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture, the Trustee may make such reasonable regulations as it may deem advisable for any meeting of Holders, in regard to proof of the holding of Notes and of the appointment of proxies, and in regard to the appointment and duties of inspectors of votes, the submission and examination of proxies, certificates and other evidence of the right to vote, and such other matters concerning the conduct of the meeting as it shall think fit.

The Trustee shall, by an instrument in writing, appoint a temporary chairman of the meeting, unless the meeting shall have been called by the Companyor by Holders as provided in Section9.03 in which case the Company or the Holders calling the meeting, as the case may be, shall in like manner appoint a temporary chairman. A permanent chairman and a permanent secretary of the meeting shall be elected by vote of the Majority Holders represented at the meeting and entitled to vote at the meeting.

59

Subject to the provisions of Section 8.04, at any meeting of Holders each Holder or proxyholder shall be entitled to one vote for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes held or represented by him or her; provided, however, that no vote shall be cast or counted at any meeting in respect of any Note challenged as not outstanding and ruled by the chairman of the meeting to be not outstanding. The chairman of the meeting shall have no right to vote other than by virtue of Notes held by it or instruments in writing as aforesaid duly designating it as the proxy to vote on behalf of other Holders. Any meeting of Holders duly called pursuant to the provisions of Section 9.02 or Section 9.03 may be adjourned from time to time by the Majority Holders represented at the meeting, whether or not constituting a quorum, and the meeting may be held as so adjourned without further notice.

Section 9.06Voting. The vote upon any resolution submitted to any meeting of Holders shall be by written ballot on which shall be subscribed the signatures of the Holders or of their representatives by proxy and the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes held or represented by them. The permanent chairman of the meeting shall appoint two inspectors of votes who shall count all votes cast at the meeting for or against any resolution and who shall make and file with the secretary of the meeting their verified written reports in duplicate of all votes cast at the meeting. A record in duplicate of the proceedings of each meeting of Holders shall be prepared by the secretary of the meeting and there shall be attached to said record the original reports of the inspectors of votes on any vote by ballot taken thereat and affidavits by one or more Persons having knowledge of the facts setting forth a copy of the notice of the meeting and showing that said notice was delivered as provided in Section 9.02. The record shall show the aggregate principal amount of the Notes voting in favor of or against any resolution. The record shall be signed and verified by the affidavits of the permanent chairman and secretary of the meeting and one of the duplicates shall be delivered to the Company and the other to the Trustee to be preserved by the Trustee, the latter to have attached thereto the ballots voted at the meeting.

Any record so signed and verified shall be conclusive evidence of the matters therein stated.

Section 9.07No Delay of Rights by Meeting. Nothing contained in this Article9 shall be deemed or construed to authorize or permit, by reason of any call of a meeting of Holders or any rights expressly or impliedly conferred hereunder to make such call, any hindrance or delay in the exercise of any right or rights conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or to the Holders under any of the provisions of this Indenture or of the Notes.

ARTICLE 10

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES

Section 10.01Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders. The Company, when authorized by the resolutions of the Board of Directors and the Trustee, at the Companys expense, may from time to time and at any time enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for one or more of the following purposes:

(a)to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect, error or inconsistency;

(b)to provide for the assumption of the Companys or any Note Guarantors obligations to Holders of the Notes in the case of a consolidation, amalgamation, or merger or sale of all or substantially all of the Companys or a Note Guarantors assets pursuant to the terms of this Indenture;

(c)to add additional Note Guarantees with respect to the Notes or to confirm and evidence the release, termination or discharge of any Note Guarantee with respect to such Notes when such release, termination or discharge is permitted under this Indenture;

(d)to secure the Notes or the related Note Guarantees or to add additional assets as Collateral;

(e)to add to the covenants or Events of Default of the Company for the benefit of the Holders or surrender any right or power conferred upon the Company;

(f)to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder;

(g)to increase the Conversion Rate as provided in a Note;

(h)to provide for the acceptance of appointment by a successor Trustee or facilitate the administration of the trusts under this Indenture by more than one Trustee;

(i)to comply with any requirement of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the qualification of this Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act;

60

(j)in connection with any Share Exchange Event, to provide that the Notes are convertible into Reference Property, subject to the provisions of Section 14.02, and make such related changes to the terms of the Notes to the extent expressly required by Section 14.07; or

(k)to make provisions with respect to conversion rights of the Holders of the Notes as required under this Indenture and which do not adversely affect the conversion rights of any Notes.

Upon the written request of the Company, the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent, if applicable, are hereby authorized to join with the Company and the Note Guarantors, if applicable, in the execution of any amended or supplemental indenture or amendment or supplement to the other Notes Documents authorized or permitted by the terms of this Indenture and to make any further appropriate agreements and stipulations that may be therein contained, but the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent, if applicable, shall not be obligated to enter into such amended or supplemental indenture or amendment or supplement to the other Notes Documents that affects its own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise, in which case the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent, as the case may be, may in its discretion, but shall not be obligated to, enter into such supplemental indenture. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Opinion of Counsel shall be required in connection with the addition of a Note Guarantor under this Indenture upon (i) execution and delivery by such Note Guarantor and the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent of a supplemental indenture to this Indenture, the form of which is attached as Exhibit B hereto, and (ii)delivery of an Officers Certificate complying with the provisions of Section 17.05 hereof.

Any supplemental indenture authorized by the provisions of this Section 10.01 may be executed by the Company, the Note Guarantors, if applicable, the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent, if applicable, without the consent of the Holders of any of the Notes at the time outstanding, notwithstanding any of the provisions of Section 10.02.

Section 10.02SupplementalIndentures with Consent of Holders. With the consent (evidenced as provided in Article 8) of the Majority Holders (determined in accordance with Article 8 and including, without limitation, consents obtained in connection with a repurchase of, or tender or exchange offer for, Notes), the Company, when authorized by the resolutions of the Board of Directors and the Trustee, at the Companys expense, may from time to time and at any time enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Indenture or any supplemental indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders; provided, however, that, without the consent of each Holder of an outstanding Note affected, no such supplemental indenture shall:

(a)reduce the amount of Notes whose Holders must consent to an amendment;

(b)reduce the rate of or extend the stated time for payment of interest on any Note;

(c)reduce the principal amount of or extend the Maturity Date of any Note;

(d)change the definition of Majority Holders;

(e)reduce the Redemption Price of, or Fundamental Change Repurchase Price on, any Note or amend or modify in any manner adverse to the Holders the Companys obligation to make such payments, whether through an amendment or waiver of provisions in the covenants, definitions or otherwise;

(f)make any Note payable in a currency other than that stated in the Note;

(g)change the ranking of the Notes;

(h)release, or have the effect of releasing, all or substantially all of the value of the Note Guarantees;

(i)make any change in this Article10 that requires each Holders consent or in the waiver provisions in Section 6.02 or Section 6.09; or

(j)make any change that adversely affects the conversion rights of any Notes.

In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing in this Section 10.02, without the consent of the Majority Holders (provided, that if M-Cor beneficially owns at least the M-Cor Minimum Amount of Notes, such Majority Holders must include M-Cor), no amendment or waiver may (A) make any change in any Collateral Document or the provisions in this Indenture dealing with Collateral or application of trust proceeds of the Collateral with the effect of releasing the Liens on all or substantially all of the Collateral which secure the Notes Obligations or (B) change or alter the priority of Liens securing the Notes Obligations in any material portion of the Collateral in any way materially adverse, taken as a whole, to the Holders of such Notes, other than, in each case, as provided under the terms of this Indenture or the Collateral Documents. Without the consent of the Majority Holders (provided, that if M-Cor beneficially owns at least the M-Cor Minimum Amount of Notes, such Majority Holders must include M-Cor), no amendment to, or waiver of the terms of, this paragraph shall be made.

61

Upon the written request of the Company, and upon the filing with the Trustee of evidence of the consent of Holders as aforesaid and subject to Section 10.05, the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent, if applicable, shall join with the Company and the Note Guarantors, if applicable, in the execution of such supplemental indenture or amendment or supplement to the other Notes Documents unless such supplemental indenture or amendment or supplement to the other Notes Documents affects the its own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise, in which case the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent, as applicable, may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into such supplemental indenture.

Holders do not need under this Section 10.02 to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental indenture. It shall be sufficient if such Holders approve the substance thereof. After any such supplemental indenture becomes effective, the Company shall deliver to the Holders a notice briefly describing such supplemental indenture. However, the failure to give such notice to all the Holders, or any defect in the notice, will not impair or affect the validity of the supplemental indenture.

Section 10.03Effect of Supplemental Indentures. Upon the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to the provisions of this Article 10, this Indenture shall be and be deemed to be modified and amended in accordance therewith and the respective rights, limitation of rights, obligations, duties and immunities under this Indenture of the Trustee, the Company, the Note Guarantors and the Holders shall thereafter be determined, exercised and enforced hereunder subject in all respects to such modifications and amendments and all the terms and conditions of any such supplemental indenture shall be and be deemed to be part of the terms and conditions of this Indenture for any and all purposes.

Section 10.04Notation on Notes. Notes authenticated and delivered after the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to the provisions of this Article 10 may, at the Companys expense, bear a notation in form approved by the Trustee as to any matter provided for in such supplemental indenture. If the Company or the Trustee shall so determine, new Notes so modified as to conform, in the opinion of the Trustee and the Board of Directors, to any modification of this Indenture contained in any such supplemental indenture may, at the Companys expense, be prepared and executed by the Company, authenticated by the Trustee (or an authenticating agent duly appointed by the Trustee pursuant to Section 17.10) and delivered in exchange for the Notes then outstanding, upon surrender of such Notes then outstanding, and in each case, in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.04.

Section 10.05Evidence of Compliance of Supplemental Indenture to Be Furnished toTrustee. In addition to the documents required by Section 17.05, the Trustee shall receive an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel as conclusive evidence that any supplemental indenture executed pursuant hereto complies with the requirements of this Article 10 and is permitted or authorized by this Indenture and is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms. The Trustee shall be fully protected in conclusively relying on such Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel.

ARTICLE 11

CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, SALE, CONVEYANCE AND LEASE

Section 11.01Company May Consolidate, Etc. on Certain Terms. The Company shall not consolidate with, amalgamate, merge with or into, or sell, convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of its properties and assets to another Person, except in compliance with Article4 and unless:

(a)immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing under this Indenture;

(b)the Company shall have delivered or caused to be delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such merger, consolidation, amalgamation, sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or disposition and supplemental indentures, if any, comply with this Indenture; and

(c)to the extent any assets of the Person who is merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into the Company are assets of the type that would constitute Collateral under the Collateral Documents, the Company will take such action as may be reasonably necessary to cause such property and assets to be made subject to the Lien of the applicable Collateral Documents in the manner and to the extent required in the Indenture or the applicable Collateral Documents and shall take all reasonably necessary action so that such Lien is perfected to the extent required by the applicable Collateral Documents.

For purposes of this Section 11.01, the sale, conveyance, transfer or lease of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of one or more Subsidiaries of the Company to another Person, which properties and assets, if held by the Company instead of such Subsidiaries, would constitute all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Company on a consolidated basis, shall be deemed to be the sale, conveyance, transfer or lease of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Company to another Person.

62

Section 11.02[Reserved]

Section 11.03Note Guarantors May Consolidate, Etc. on Certain Terms. The Company will not permit any Note Guarantor to, directly or indirectly, consolidate with, merge with or into, or sell, convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of its properties and assets to another Person, except in compliance with Article 4 and unless:

(a)except in the case of a Note Guarantor (x) that has disposed of all or substantially all of its assets, whether through a merger, amalgamation, consolidation or sale of Capital Stock or assets or (y) that, as a result of the disposition of all or a portion of its Capital Stock, ceases to be a Subsidiary of the Company, in both cases in compliance with Section 4.14, the resulting, surviving or transferee Person (if not such Note Guarantor) shall expressly assume, by a guarantee agreement and applicable Collateral Documents, all the obligations of such Note Guarantor under its Note Guarantee;

(b)to the extent any assets of the Person who is merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into the successor Note Guarantor are assets of the type that would constitute Collateral under the Collateral Documents, the successor Note Guarantor will take such action as may be reasonably necessary to cause such property and assets to be made subject to the Lien of the applicable Collateral Documents in the manner and to the extent required in this Indenture or the applicable Collateral Documents and shall take all reasonably necessary action so that such Lien is perfected to the extent required by the applicable Collateral Documents; and

(c)immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default exists.

Section 11.04Opinion of Counsel to Be Given to Trustee. No such consolidation, merger, amalgamation, sale, conveyance, transfer or lease shall be effective unless the Trustee shall receive an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel as conclusive evidence that any such consolidation, merger, amalgamation, sale, conveyance, transfer or lease and any such assumption and, if a supplemental indenture is required in connection with such transaction, such supplemental indenture, complies with the provisions of this Article11.

ARTICLE 12

IMMUNITY OF INCORPORATORS, SHAREHOLDERS, OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS

Section 12.01Indenture and Notes Solely Corporate Obligations. No recourse for the payment of the principal of or accrued and unpaid interest on any Note, nor for any claim based thereon or otherwise in respect thereof, and no recourse under or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Company in this Indenture or in any supplemental indenture or in any Note, nor because of the creation of any indebtedness represented thereby, shall be had against any incorporator, shareholder, employee, agent, Officer or director or Subsidiary, as such, past, present or future, of the Company or of any successor corporation, either directly or through the Company or any successor corporation, whether by virtue of any constitution, statute or rule of law, or by the enforcement of any assessment or penalty or otherwise; it being expressly understood that all such liability is hereby expressly waived and released as a condition of, and as a consideration for, the execution of this Indenture and the issue of the Notes.

ARTICLE 13

NOTE GUARANTEES

Section 13.01Note Guarantees.

(a)Each of the Note Guarantors, jointly and severally, hereby unconditionally Guarantees (and subject in each case to the Agreed Guarantee Principles set forth in any notation of Note Guarantee, supplemental indenture, or as contemplated by Section 4.24(d)) to each Holder of a Note authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and to the Trustee and its successors and assigns, irrespective of the validity and enforceability of this Indenture, the Notes or the obligations of the Company hereunder or thereunder that: (i) the due and punctual payment of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes shall be promptly paid in full when due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, repurchase, redemption or otherwise, (ii) the due and punctual payment of interest, if any, on the overdue principal of and interest on the Notes, to the extent lawful, and the due and punctual performance of all other obligations of the Company to the Holders or the Trustee under this Indenture or any Note shall be promptly paid in full or performed, all in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, and (iii) in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Notes or any of such other obligations, that same shall be promptly paid in full when due or performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration pursuant to Section 6.02 or otherwise. Failing payment when due of any amount so guaranteed or any performance so guaranteed for whatever reason, the Note Guarantors shall be jointly and severally obligated to pay the same immediately. Each Note Guarantor shall agree that this is a Guarantee of payment and not a Guarantee of collection. If acceleration of the time for payment of any Notes Obligation by the Company is stayed by reason of the insolvency or receivership of the Company or otherwise, all Notes Obligations otherwise subject to acceleration under the terms of any Notes Document shall nonetheless be payable by the Note Guarantors hereunder forthwith on demand by the Trustee.

63

(b)Each of the Note Guarantors hereby agrees that its obligations with regard to its Guarantee shall be joint and several, unconditional, irrespective of the validity or enforceability of the Notes or the obligations of the Company under this Indenture, the absence of any action to enforce the same, the recovery of any judgment against the Company or any other obligor with respect to this Indenture, the Notes or the obligations of the Company under this Indenture or the Notes, any action to enforce the same or any other circumstances (other than complete performance) which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a Note Guarantor. Each Note Guarantor further, to the extent permitted by law, hereby waives and relinquishes all claims, rights and remedies accorded by applicable law to guarantors and agrees not to assert or take advantage of any such claims, rights or remedies, including but not limited to: (i) any right to require any of the Trustee, the Holders or the Company (each a Benefited Party), as a condition of payment or performance by such Note Guarantor, to (A) proceed against the Company, any other guarantor (including any other Note Guarantor) of the obligations under the Note Guarantees or any other person, (B) proceed against or exhaust any security held from the Company, any such other guarantor or any other person, (C) proceed against or have resort to any balance of any deposit account or credit on the books of any Benefited Party in favor of the Company or any other person, or (D) pursue any other remedy in the power of any Benefited Party whatsoever; (ii) any defense arising by reason of the incapacity, lack of authority or any disability or other defense of the Company including any defense based on or arising out of the lack of validity or the unenforceability of the obligations under the Note Guarantees or any agreement or instrument relating thereto or by reason of the cessation of the liability of the Company from any cause other than payment in full of the obligations under the Note Guarantees; (iii)any defense based upon any statute or rule of law which provides that the obligation of a surety must be neither larger in amount nor in other respects more burdensome than that of the principal; (iv)any defense based upon any Benefited Partys errors or omissions in the administration of the obligations under the Note Guarantees, except behavior which amounts to bad faith; (v) (A) any principles or provisions of law, statutory or otherwise, which are or might be in conflict with the terms of the Note Guarantees and any legal or equitable discharge of such Note Guarantors obligations hereunder and under its Note Guarantee, (B) the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting such Note Guarantors liability hereunder and under its Note Guarantee or the enforcement hereof and thereof, (C) any rights to set-offs, recoupments and counterclaims and (D) promptness, diligence and any requirement that any Benefited Party protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interest or lien or any property subject thereto; (vi) notices, demands, presentations, protests, notices of protest, notices of dishonor and notices of any action or inaction, including acceptance of the Note Guarantees, notices of default under the Notes or any agreement or instrument related thereto, notices of any renewal, extension or modification of the obligations under the Note Guarantees or any agreement related thereto, and notices of any extension of credit to the Company and any right to consent to any thereof; (vii) to the extent permitted under applicable law, the benefits of any One Action rule; and (viii) any defenses or benefits that may be derived from or afforded by law which limit the liability of or exonerate guarantors or sureties, or which may conflict with the terms of the Note Guarantees. Except as set forth in Section 13.05, each Note Guarantor covenants that its Note Guarantee shall not be discharged except by complete performance of the obligations contained in its Note Guarantee and this Indenture.

(c)If any Holder or the Trustee is required by any court or otherwise to return to the Company, the Note Guarantors or any custodian, trustee, liquidator or other similar official acting in relation to either the Company or the Note Guarantors, any amount paid to either the Trustee or such Holder, any Guarantee, to the extent theretofore discharged, shall be reinstated in full force and effect.

(d)Each Note Guarantor agrees that it shall not be entitled to any right of subrogation in relation to the Holders in respect of any obligations guaranteed hereby until payment in full of all obligations guaranteed hereby. Each Note Guarantor shall further agree that, as between the Note Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Holders and the Trustee, on the other hand, (i) the maturity of the obligations guaranteed hereby may be accelerated as provided in Section 6.02 for the purposes of any Guarantee, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such acceleration in respect of the obligations guaranteed hereby and (ii) in the event of any declaration of acceleration of such obligations as provided in Section 6.02, such obligations (whether or not due and payable) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Note Guarantors for the purpose of any such Guarantee. The Note Guarantors shall have the right to seek contribution from any non-paying Note Guarantor so long as the exercise of such right does not impair the rights of the Holders under the applicable Guarantee.

Section 13.02Execution and Delivery of Note Guarantees. The execution by each Note Guarantor of this Indenture (or a supplemental indenture in the form of Exhibit B or a supplemental indenture entered into pursuant to Section 4.24) evidences the Guarantee of such Note Guarantor, whether or not the person signing as an officer of the Note Guarantor still holds that office at the time of authentication of any Note. The delivery of any Note by the Trustee after authentication constitutes due delivery of the Guarantee set forth in this Indenture on behalf of each Note Guarantor.

Section 13.03Limitation on Note Guarantor Liability.

(a)General. Each Note Guarantor confirms, and by its acceptance of Notes, each Holder hereby confirms, that it is the intention of all such parties that any Guarantee of such Note Guarantor not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of Bankruptcy Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar applicable law to the extent applicable to any Note Guarantee. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Trustee and the Holders irrevocably agree, and the Note Guarantors irrevocably agree, that the obligations of such Note Guarantor under this Article 13 shall be limited to the maximum amount as will, after giving effect to such maximum amount and all other contingent and fixed liabilities of such Note Guarantor that are relevant under such laws, and after giving effect to any collections from, rights to receive contribution from or payments made by or on behalf of any other Note Guarantor in respect of the obligations of such other Note Guarantor under this Article 13, result in the obligations of such Note Guarantor under its Note Guarantee not constituting a fraudulent transfer or conveyance.

64

Section 13.04Merger and Consolidation of Note Guarantors.

(a)In case of any sale or other disposition, consolidation, amalgamation, merger, sale or conveyance and upon the assumption by the successor person, by supplemental indenture, executed and delivered to the Trustee and satisfactory in form to the Trustee, of the Note Guarantee endorsed upon the Notes and the due and punctual performance of all of the covenants and conditions of this Indenture to be performed by the Note Guarantor, such successor person shall succeed to and be substituted for the Note Guarantor with the same effect as if it had been named herein as a Note Guarantor. Such successor person thereupon may cause to be signed any or all of the Note Guarantees to be endorsed upon all of the Notes available hereunder which theretofore shall not have been signed by the Company and delivered to the Trustee. All the Note Guarantees so issued shall in all respects have the same legal rank and benefit under this Indenture as the Note Guarantees theretofore and thereafter issued in accordance with the terms of this Indenture as though all of such Note Guarantees had been issued at the date of the execution hereof.

(b)Except as set forth in Article 4 and Article 11, and notwithstanding clause (a) of this Section 13.04, nothing contained in this Indenture or in any of the Notes shall prevent any consolidation, amalgamation or merger of a Note Guarantor with or into another Person, or shall prevent any sale or conveyance of the property of a Note Guarantor as an entirety or substantially as an entirety.

Section 13.05Release.

(a)In the event (i) of a sale, exchange, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of any Note Guarantor, by way of merger, amalgamation, consolidation or otherwise, or a sale, exchange, transfer or other disposition of all the Equity Interests of any Note Guarantor, then held by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries to a Person that is not (either before or after giving effect to such transactions) a Subsidiary of the Company, in each case so long as such sale or other disposition is permitted by this Indenture, (ii) the Company discharges the Notes and its obligations under this Indenture under Article 3 with respect to the Notes, (iii) upon the merger, amalgamation or consolidation of any Note Guarantor with and into the Company or another Note Guarantor or upon the liquidation of such Note Guarantor, in each case, in compliance with the applicable provisions of this Indenture or (iv) as described under Article 10, such Note Guarantor shall be released and relieved of any obligations under its Note Guarantee without any further action being required by the Trustee or any Holder.

(b)Upon delivery by the Company to the Trustee of an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that such sale or other disposition was made by the Company in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture, the Trustee shall execute any documents reasonably required in order to evidence the release of any Note Guarantor from its obligations under its Guarantee.

(c)Any Note Guarantor not released from its obligations under its Note Guarantee shall remain liable for the full amount of principal of and interest on the Notes and for the other obligations of any Note Guarantor under this Indenture as provided in this Article13.

ARTICLE 14

CONVERSION OF NOTES

Section 14.01Conversion Privilege.Subject to and upon compliance with the provisions of this Article 14, each Holder of a Note shall have, at any time, and from time to time, the right, at such Holders option, to convert all or any portion (if the portion to be converted is $1,000 principal amount or an integral multiple thereof) of such Note at the Conversion Rate as set forth in such Note per $1,000 principal amount of Note (subject to, and in accordance with, the settlement provisions of Section 14.02, the Conversion Obligation).

Section 14.02Conversion Procedure; Settlement Upon Conversion.

(a)Subject to this Section 14.02 and Section 14.07(a), upon conversion of any Note, the Company shall deliver to the converting Holder shares of Common Stock equal to (i) the sum of the then principal amount of such Note being converted, plus all accrued and unpaid interest to the Conversion Date, divided by (ii) the Conversion Price of such Note as in effect on the Conversion Date, together with cash, if applicable, in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock in accordance with subsection (j) of this Section 14.02 as set forth in this Section 14.02.

65

(b)Before any Holder of a Note shall be entitled to convert a Note as set forth above, such Holder shall (1) complete, manually sign and deliver an irrevocable notice to the Conversion Agent as set forth in the Form of Notice of Conversion (or a facsimile thereof) (a Notice of Conversion) at the office of the Conversion Agent and state in writing therein the principal amount of Notes to be converted and the name or names (with addresses) in which such Holder wishes the book-entry interests for any shares of Common Stock to be delivered upon settlement of the Conversion Obligation to be registered, (2) surrender such Notes, duly endorsed to the Company or in blank (and accompanied by appropriate endorsement and transfer documents), at the office of the Conversion Agent and(3) if required, furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents. The Trustee (and if different, the Conversion Agent) shall notify the Company of any conversion pursuant to this Article 14 as soon as practical, but in any event, not later than the Trading Day immediately following the Conversion Date. No Notice of Conversion with respect to any Notes may be delivered by a Holder thereof if such Holder has also delivered (I) a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice to the Company in respect of such Notes and has not validly withdrawn such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in accordance with Section 16.04 or (II) tendered, and not withdrawn, such Notes pursuant to a Mandatory Repurchase Offer.

If more than one Note shall be surrendered for conversion at one time by the same Holder, the Conversion Obligation with respect to such Note shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes (or specified portions thereof to the extent permitted thereby), so surrendered.

(c)A Note shall be deemed to have been converted immediately prior to the close of business on the date (the Conversion Date) that the Holder has complied with the requirements set forth in subsection (b) above. Except as set forth in Section 14.07(a), the Company shall pay or deliver, as the case may be, the consideration due in respect of the Conversion Obligation on the second Business Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date. If any shares of Common Stock are due to a converting Holder, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued, and deliver (if applicable) to such Holder, or such Holders nominee or nominees, the full number of shares of Common Stock to which such Holder shall be entitled, inbook-entry format through the Transfer Agent, in satisfaction of the Companys Conversion Obligation.

(d)In case any Note shall be surrendered for partial conversion, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to or upon the written order of the Holder of the Note so surrendered a new Note or Notes in authorized denominations in an aggregate principal amount equal to the unconverted portion of the surrendered Note, without payment of any service charge by the converting Holder but, if required by the Company or Trustee, with payment of a sum sufficient to cover any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax or similar governmental charge required by law or that may be imposed in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of the new Notes issued upon such conversion being different from the name of the Holder of the old Notes surrendered for such conversion.

(e)If a Holder submits a Note for conversion, the Company shall pay any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax due on the issue of any shares of Common Stock upon conversion, unless the tax is due because the Holder requests any such shares to be issued in a name other than the Holders name, in which case the Holder shall pay that tax. The Conversion Agent may refuse to deliver the certificates representing the shares of Common Stock being issued in a name other than the Holders name until the Trustee receives a sum sufficient to pay any tax that is due by such Holder in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence.

(f)Except as provided in Section 14.04, no adjustment shall be made for dividends on any shares of Common Stock issued upon the conversion of any Note as provided in this Article 14.

(g)The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any conversion of Notes effected through any Conversion Agent other than the Trustee.

(h)Upon conversion, a Holder shall not receive any separate cash payment for accrued and unpaid interest, if any. The Companys settlement of the full Conversion Obligation shall be deemed to satisfy in full its obligation to pay the principal amount of the Note and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the relevant Conversion Date. Notes converted after the close of business on a Regular Record Date and prior to the open of business on the corresponding Interest Payment Date will not receive a cash interest payment on the Interest Payment Date as a result of such conversion.

(i)The Person in whose name the shares of Common Stock shall be issuable upon conversion shall be treated as a stockholder of record as of the close of business on the relevant Conversion Date. Upon a conversion of Notes, such Person shall no longer be a Holder of such Notes surrendered for conversion.

(j)The Company shall not issue any fractional share of Common Stock upon conversion of the Notes and shall instead pay cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock issuable upon conversion based on the Daily VWAP for the relevant Conversion Date.

Section 14.03[Reserved].

66

Section 14.04Adjustment of Conversion Rate. The Conversion Rate for a Note shall be adjusted from time to time by the Company if any of the following events occurs, except that the Company shall not make any adjustments to the Conversion Rate for a Note if the Holder of such Note participates (other than in the case of a share split or share combination or a tender or exchange offer), at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock and solely as a result of holding such Note, in any of the transactions described in this Section 14.04, without having to convert such Note, as if such Holderhad converted its Notes pursuant to Section 14.01.

(a)If the Company exclusively issues shares of Common Stock as a dividend or distribution on shares of the Common Stock, or if the Company effects a share split or share combination, the Conversion Rate of a Note shall be adjusted based on the following formula:

where,

CR0 =the Conversion Rate of such Note in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date of such dividend or distribution, or immediately prior to the open of business on the Effective Date of such share split or share combination, as applicable;

CR1 =the Conversion Rate of such Note in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or Effective Date;

OS0 =the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or Effective Date (before giving effect to any such dividend, distribution, split or combination); and

OS1 =the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such dividend, distribution, share split or share combination.

Any adjustment made under this Section 14.04(a) shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution, or immediately after the open of business on the Effective Date for such share split or share combination, asapplicable. If any dividend or distribution of the type described in this Section 14.04(a) is declared but not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate of such Note shall be immediately readjusted, effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not to pay such dividend or distribution, to the Conversion Rate of such Note that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared.

(b)If the Company issues to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock any rights, options or warrants (other than in connection with a stockholder rights plan) entitling them, for a period of not more than 45 calendar days after the announcement date of such issuance, to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of such issuance, the Conversion Rate of a Note shall be increased based on the following formula:

where,

CR0 =the Conversion Rate of such Note in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate of such Note in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

OS0 =the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

X =the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to such rights, options or warrants; and

Y =the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the aggregate price payable to exercise such rights, options or warrants, divided by the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of the issuance of such rights, options or warrants.

67

Any increase made under this Section 14.04(b) shall be made successively whenever any such rights, options or warrants are issued and shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance. To the extent that shares of the Common Stock are not delivered after the expiration of such rights, options or warrants, the Conversion Rate of such Note shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the increase with respect to the issuance of such rights, options or warrants been made on the basis of delivery of only the number of shares of Common Stock actually delivered. If such rights, options orwarrants are not so issued, the Conversion Rate of such Note shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate of such Note that would then be in effect if such Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance had not occurred.

For purposes of this Section 14.04(b), in determining whether any rights, options or warrants entitle the holders to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Common Stock at less than such average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement for such issuance, and in determining the aggregate offering price of such shares of Common Stock, there shall be taken into account any consideration received by the Company for such rights, options or warrants and any amount payable on exercise or conversion thereof, the value of such consideration, if other than cash, to be determined by the Company in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.

(c)If the Company distributes shares of its Capital Stock, evidences of its indebtedness, other assets or property of the Company or rights, options or warrants to acquire its Capital Stock or other securities, to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock, excluding (i) dividends, distributions or issuances (including share splits) as to which an adjustment was effected pursuant to Section 14.04(a) or Section 14.04(b), (ii) dividends or distributions paid exclusively in cash as to which the provisions set forth in Section 14.04(d) shall apply, except as otherwise described below, (iii) rights issued pursuant to a stockholder rights plan of the Company, (iv) distributions of Reference Property in a Share Exchange Event, and (v) Spin-Offs as to which the provisions set forth below in this Section 14.04(c) shall apply (any of such shares of Capital Stock, evidences of indebtedness, other assets or property or rights, options or warrants to acquire Capital Stock or other securities, the Distributed Property), then the Conversion Rate of a Note shall be increased based on the following formula:

where,

CR0 = the Conversion Rate of such Note in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution;

CR1 =the Conversion Rate of such Note in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

SP0 = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution; and

FMV =the fair market value (as determined by the Company in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) of the Distributed Property with respect to each outstanding share of the Common Stock on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution.

Any increase made under the portion of this Section 14.04(c) above shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution. If such distribution is not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate of such Note shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate of such Note that would then be in effect if such distribution had not been declared. If the Company issues rights, options or warrants that are only exercisable upon the occurrence of certain triggering events, then the Company shall not adjust the Conversion Rate of such Note pursuant to the clauses above until the earliest of these triggering events occurs, and the Company shall readjust the Conversion Rate of such Note to the extent that any of these rights, options or warrants are not exercised before they expire. In the case of any distribution of rights, options or warrants, to the extent any such rights, options or warrants expire unexercised, the Conversion Rate of such Note shall be immediately readjusted to the Conversion Rate of such Note that would then be in effect had the increase made for the distribution of such rights, options or warrants been made on the basis of delivery of only the number of shares of the Common Stock actually delivered upon exercise of such rights, options or warrants. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if FMV (as defined above) is equal to or greater than SP0 (as defined above), in lieu of the foregoing increase, each Holder of a Note shall receive, in respect of each $1,000 principal amount thereof, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock receive the Distributed Property, the amount and kind of Distributed Property such Holder would have received if such Holder had converted its Notes pursuant to Section 14.01 prior to the Ex-Dividend Date for the distribution. If the Company determines the FMV (as defined above) of any distribution for purposes of this Section 14.04(c) by reference to the actual or when-issued trading market for any securities, it shall in doing so consider the prices in such market over the same period used in computing the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution.

68

With respect to an adjustment pursuant to this Section 14.04(c) where there has been a payment of a dividend or other distribution on the Common Stock of shares of Capital Stock of any class or series, or similar equity interest, of or relating to a Subsidiary or other business unit of the Company, that are, or, when issued, will be, listed or admitted for trading on a U.S. national securities exchange (a Spin-Off), the Conversion Rate of a Note shall be increased based on the following formula:

where,

CR0= the Conversion Rate of such Note in effect immediately prior to the end of the Valuation Period;

CR1 =the Conversion Rate of such Note in effect immediately after the end of the Valuation Period;

FMV0 =the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Capital Stock or similar equity interest distributed to holders of the Common Stock applicable to one share of the Common Stock (determined by reference to the definition of Last Reported SalePrice as set forth in Section 1.01 as if references therein to Common Stock were to such Capital Stock or similar equity interest) over the first 10 consecutive Trading Day period after, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date of the Spin-Off (the Valuation Period); provided that if there is no Last Reported Sale Price of the Capital Stock or similar equity interest distributed to the holders of the Common Stock on such Ex-Dividend Date, the Valuation Period shall be the first 10 consecutive Trading Day period after, and including, the first date such Last Reported Sale Price is available; and

MP0 =the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the Valuation Period.

The adjustment to the Conversion Rate of a Note under the preceding paragraph shall occur at the close of business on the last Trading Day of the Valuation Period; provided that if the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the Valuation Period, references to 10 in the preceding paragraph shall be deemed to be replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed from, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date of such Spin-Off to, and including, the Conversion Date in determining the Conversion Rate of such Note. If any dividend or distribution that constitutes a Spin-Off is declared but not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate of such Noteshall be immediately decreased, effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not to pay or make such dividend or distribution, to the Conversion Rate of such Notethat would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared or announced.

For purposes of this Section 14.04(c) (and subject in all respect to Section 14.11), rights, options or warrants distributed by the Company to all holders of the Common Stock entitling them to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Companys Capital Stock, including Common Stock (either initially or under certain circumstances), which rights, options or warrants, until the occurrence of a specified event or events (Trigger Event): (i) are deemed to be transferred with such shares of the Common Stock; (ii) are not exercisable; and (iii) are also issued in respect of future issuances of the Common Stock, shall be deemed not to have been distributed for purposes of this Section 14.04(c) (and no adjustment to the Conversion Rate of such Note under this Section 14.04(c) will be required) until the occurrence of the earliest Trigger Event, whereupon such rights, options or warrants shall be deemed to have been distributed and an appropriate adjustment (if any is required) to the Conversion Rate of such Note shall be made under this Section 14.04(c). If any such right, option or warrant, including any such existing rights, options or warrants distributed prior to the date of this Indenture, are subject to events, upon the occurrence of which such rights, options or warrants become exercisable to purchase different securities, evidences of indebtedness or other assets, then the date of the occurrence of any andeach such event shall be deemed to be the date of distribution and Ex-Dividend Date with respect to new rights, options or warrants with such rights (in which case the existing rights, options or warrants shall be deemed to terminate and expire on such date without exercise by any of the holders thereof). In addition, in the event of any distribution (or deemed distribution) of rights, options or warrants, or any Trigger Event or other event (of the type described in the immediately preceding sentence) with respect thereto that was counted for purposes of calculating a distribution amount for which an adjustment to the Conversion Rate of such Note under this Section 14.04(c) was made, (1) in the case of any such rights, options or warrants that shall all have been redeemed or purchased without exercise by any holders thereof, upon such final redemption or purchase (x) the Conversion Rate of such Note shall be readjusted as if such rights, options or warrants had not been issued and (y) the Conversion Rate of such Note shall then again be readjusted to give effect to such distribution, deemed distribution or Trigger Event, as the case may be, as though it were a cash distribution, equal to the per share redemption or purchase price received by a holder or holders of Common Stock with respect to such rights, options or warrants (assuming such holder had retained such rights, options or warrants), made to all holders of Common Stock as of the date of such redemption or purchase, and (2) in the case of such rights, options or warrants that shall have expired or been terminated without exercise by any holders thereof, the Conversion Rate of such Note shall be readjusted as if such rights, options and warrants had not been issued.

69

For purposes of Section 14.04(a), Section 14.04(b) and this Section 14.04(c), if any dividend or distribution to which this Section 14.04(c) is applicable also includes one or both of:

(A) a dividend or distribution of shares of Common Stock to which Section 14.04(a) is applicable (the Clause A Distribution); or

(B) a dividend or distribution of rights, options or warrants to which Section 14.04(b) is applicable (the Clause B Distribution),

then, in either case, (1) such dividend or distribution, other than the Clause A Distribution and the Clause B Distribution, shall be deemed to be a dividend or distribution to which this Section 14.04(c) is applicable (the Clause C Distribution) and any Conversion Rate adjustment for a Note required by this Section 14.04(c) with respect to such Clause C Distribution shall then be made, and (2) the Clause A Distribution and Clause B Distribution shall be deemed to immediately follow the Clause C Distribution and any Conversion Rate adjustment for a note required by Section 14.04(a) and Section 14.04(b) with respect thereto shall then be made, except that, if determined by the Company (I) the Ex-Dividend Date of the Clause A Distribution and the Clause B Distribution shall be deemed to be the Ex-Dividend Date of the Clause C Distribution and (II) any shares of Common Stock included in the Clause A Distribution or Clause B Distribution shall be deemed not to be outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or Effective Date within the meaning of Section 14.04(a) or outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date within the meaning of Section 14.04(b).

(d)If any cash dividend or distribution is made to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock, the Conversion Rate of a Note shall be adjusted based on the following formula:

where,

CR0 =the Conversion Rateof such Note in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution;

CR1=the Conversion Rate of such Note in effect immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution;

SP0 =the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution; and

C =the amount in cash per share the Company distributes to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock.

Any increase pursuant to this Section 14.04(d) shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution. If such dividend or distribution is not so paid, the Conversion Rate of such Note shall be decreased, effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not to make or pay such dividend or distribution, to be the Conversion Rate of such Notethat would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if C (as defined above) is equal to or greater than SP0 (as defined above), in lieu of the foregoing increase, each Holder of a Note shall receive, for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of shares of the Common Stock, the amount of cash that such Holder would have received if such Holder had converted its Notes pursuant to Section 14.01 prior to the Ex-Dividend Date for such cash dividend or distribution.

70

(e)If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries make a payment in respect of a tender or exchange offer for the Common Stock that is subject to the then-applicable tender offer rules under the Exchange Act, other than an odd-lot tender offer, to the extent that the cash and value of any other consideration included in the payment per share of the Common Stock exceeds the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the last date on which tenders or exchanges may be made pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, the Conversion Rate of a Note shall be increased based on the following formula:

where,

CR0 = the Conversion Rate of such Note in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate of such Note in effect immediately after the close of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires;

AC =the aggregate value of all cash and any other consideration (as determined by the Company in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) paid or payable for shares of Common Stock purchased in such tender or exchange offer;

OS0 =the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the date such tender or exchange offer expires (prior to giving effect to the purchase of all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer);

OS1= the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after the date such tender or exchange offer expires (after giving effect to the purchase of all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer); and

SP1=the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires.

The adjustment to the Conversion Rate of a Note under this Section 14.04(e) shall occur at the close of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires; provided that if the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the 10 Trading Days immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the expiration date of any tender or exchange offer, references to 10 or 10th in the preceding paragraph shall be deemed replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed from, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date that such tender or exchange offer expires to, and including, the Conversion Date in determining the Conversion Rate of such Note. For the avoidance of doubt, no adjustment under this Section 14.04(e) shall be made if such adjustment would result in adecrease in the Conversion Rate of a Note (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, any readjustment described in the immediately succeeding paragraph).

71

If the Company or one of its Subsidiaries is obligated to purchase the Common Stock pursuant to any such tender or exchange offer described in this Section 14.04(e) but the Company or such Subsidiary is permanently prevented by applicable law from effecting any such purchase or all such purchases are rescinded, the Conversion Rate of such Note shall be decreased to be the Conversion Rate of such Note that would then be in effect if such tender or exchange offer had not been made or had been made only in respect of the purchases that have been effected.(f) If, on or after the Issue Date, the Company issues or sells any shares of Common Stock or Equity-Linked Securities, in each caseat an Effective Price per share less than a price equal to the Conversion Price for a Note in effect immediately prior to such issue, sale or repurchase (the foregoing a Dilutive Transaction), then immediately after such Dilutive Transaction, the Conversion Price for such Note then in effect shall be decreased in accordance with the following formula (but in no event less than the Floor Price):

where:

CP1 

= 

the Conversion Pricefor such Note in effect immediately after such issuance or sale.

CP0 

= 

the Conversion Pricefor such Noteimmediately prior to any such issuance or sale.

A 

= 

the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on a fully-diluted basisimmediately prior to the issuance of such additional shares of Common Stock.

B 

= 

the product of (x)the Effective Price for the issuance or sale of such additional shares of Common Stockmultiplied by (y)the number of shares of Common Stock issued or sold in such transaction.

C 

= 

the number of shares of Common Stock issued or sold in such transaction.

provided, however, that (i) no adjustment will be made pursuant to this Section 14.04(f) solely as the result of an Exempt Transaction or as a result of any transaction in respect of which an adjustment is made pursuant to sub-sections (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) of Section 14.04, (ii) subject to subclause (iii) below, the issuance of shares of Common Stock pursuant to the terms of any such Equity-Linked Securities will not constitute an additional issuance or sale of shares of Common Stock for purposes of this Section 14.04(f), (iii) the repricing or amendment of any Equity-Linked Securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Equity-Linked Securities existing as of the Issue Date) will be deemed to be an issuance of additional Equity-Linked Securities, without affecting any prior adjustments theretofore made to the Conversion Rate of a Note, and (iv) if any such issuance or sale of Common Stock or Equity-Linked Securities was without consideration, then the Effective Price shall be deemed to be $0.0001 per share. Following the reduction in the Conversion Price of a Note pursuant to this Section 14.04(f), the Conversion Rate of such Note shall be equal to $1,000 divided by such reduced Conversion Price.(g)Notwithstanding this Section 14.04 or any other provision of this Indenture or the Notes, if a Conversion Rate adjustment for a Note becomes effective on any Ex-Dividend Date, and a Holder that has converted such Note on or after such Ex-Dividend Date and on or prior to the related Record Date would be treated as the record holder of the shares of Common Stock as of the related Conversion Date as described under Section 14.02(i) based on an adjusted Conversion Rate for such Note for such Ex-Dividend Date, then, notwithstanding the Conversion Rate adjustment provisions in this Section 14.04, the Conversion Rate adjustment for such Note relating to such Ex-Dividend Date shall not be made for such converting Holder. Instead, such Holder shall be treated as if such Holder were the record owner of the shares of Common Stock on an unadjusted basis and participate in the related dividend, distribution or other event giving rise to such adjustment.

72

(h)Except as stated herein, the Company shall not adjust the Conversion Rate of a Note for the issuance of shares of the Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of the Common Stock or the right to purchase shares of the Common Stock or such convertible or exchangeable securities.(i)In addition to those adjustments required by clauses (a), (b), (c), (d),(e)and (f)of this Section 14.04, and to the extent permitted by applicable law and subject to the applicable rules of any exchange on which any of the Companys securities are then listed, the Company from time to time may increase the Conversion Rate of a Note by any amount for a period of at least 20 Business Days if the Board of Directors determines that such increase would be in the Companys best interest. In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law and subject to the applicable rules of any exchange on which any of the Companys securities are then listed, the Company may (but is not required to) increase the Conversion Rate of a Note to avoid or diminish any income tax to holders of Common Stock or rights to purchase Common Stock in connection with a dividend or distribution of shares of Common Stock (or rights to acquire shares of Common Stock) or similar event. Whenever the Conversion Rate of a Note is increased pursuant to either of the preceding two sentences, the Company shall deliver to the Holder of each Note a notice of the increase at least 15 days prior to the date the increased Conversion Rate of such Note takes effect, and such notice shall state the increased Conversion Rate of such Note and the period during which it will be in effect.(j)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 14, the Conversion Rate of a Note shall not be adjusted:(i)upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any present or future plan providing for the reinvestment of dividends or interest payable on the Companys securities and the investment of additional optional amounts in shares of Common Stock under any plan;(ii)upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock or options or rights to purchase those shares pursuant to any present or future employee, director or consultant benefit or incentive plan (including pursuant to any evergreen plan) or program of or assumed by the Company or any of the Companys Subsidiaries or in connection with any such shares withheld by the Company for tax withholding purposes;(iii)upon the issuance of any shares of the Common Stock pursuant to any option, warrant, right or exercisable, exchangeable or convertible security not described in clause (ii) of this subsection and outstanding as of the date the Notes were first issued;(iv)for a tender offer by any party other than a tender offer by the Company or one or more of the Companys Subsidiaries as described in clause (e) of this Section 14.04;(v)upon the repurchase of any shares of the Common Stock pursuant to an open-market share repurchase program or other buy-back transaction (including, without limitation, through any structured or derivative transactions such as accelerated share repurchase transactions or similar forward derivatives), or other buy-back transaction, that is not a tender offer or exchange offer of the nature described under clause (e) of this Section 14.04;(vi)solely for a change in the par value (or lack of par value) of the Common Stock; or(vii)for accrued and unpaid interest, if any.(k)The Company shall not adjust the Conversion Rate for a Note pursuant to the clauses above unless the adjustment would result in a change of at least 1% in the then effective Conversion Rate for such Note; provided that the Company shall carry forward any adjustment to the Conversion Rate of a Note that the Company would otherwise have to make and take that adjustment into account in any subsequent adjustment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all such carried-forward adjustments shall be made with respect to a Note (i) in connection with any subsequent adjustment to the Conversion Rate of such Note of at least 1% of the Conversion Rate of such Note in the aggregate (taking into account all carried-forward adjustments described in the immediately preceding sentence), (ii) regardless of whether the aggregate adjustment is less than 1% of the Conversion Rateof such Note, on the Conversion Date and (iii) the date a Fundamental Change occurs. All calculations and other determinations under this Article 14 shall be made by the Company and shall be made to the nearest one-ten thousandth (1/10,000th) of a share.

73

(l)Whenever the Conversion Rate of a Note is adjusted as herein provided, the Company shall promptly file with the Trustee (and the Conversion Agent if not the Trustee) an Officers Certificate setting forth the Conversion Rate of such Note after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. Unless and until a Responsible Officer of the Trustee shall have received such Officers Certificate, the Trustee shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any adjustment of the Conversion Rate of a Note and may assume without inquiry that the last Conversion Rate of such Note of which it has knowledge is still in effect. Promptly after delivery of such certificate, the Company shall prepare a notice of such adjustment of the Conversion Rate of such Note setting forth the adjusted Conversion Rate of such Note and the date on which each adjustment becomes effective and shall deliver such notice of such adjustment of the Conversion Rate of such Note to the Holder of such Note (with a copy to the Trustee). Failure to deliver such notice shall not affect the legality or validity of any such adjustment.(m)For purposes of this Section 14.04, the number of shares of Common Stock at any time outstanding shall not include shares of Common Stock held in the treasury of the Company so long as the Company does not pay any dividend or make any distribution on shares of Common Stock held in the treasury of the Company, but shall include shares of Common Stock issuable in respect of scrip certificates issued in lieu of fractions of shares of Common Stock.

Section 14.05Adjustments of Prices.Whenever any provision of this Indenture requires the Company to calculate the Last Reported Sale Pricesover a span of multiple days, the Company shall, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, make appropriate adjustments without duplication in respect of any adjustment made pursuant to clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) or (f) of Section 15.04 to each to account for any adjustment to the Conversion Rate that becomes effective, or any event requiring an adjustment to the Conversion Rate where the Ex-Dividend Date, Effective Date or expiration date, as the case may be, of the event occurs, at any time during the period when such Last Reported Sale Prices are to be calculated.

Section 14.06Shares to Be Fully Paid.The Company shall provide, free from preemptive rights, out of its authorized but unissued shares or shares held in treasury, sufficient shares of Common Stock to provide for conversion of the Notes from time to time as such Notes are presented for conversion (assuming that at the time of computation of such number of shares, all such Notes would be converted by a single Holder).

Section 14.07Effect of Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of the Common Stock.(a)In the case of:(i)any recapitalization, reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than changes resulting from a subdivision or combination),(ii)any consolidation, merger, combination or similar transaction involving the Company,(iii)any sale, lease or other transfer to a third party of the consolidated assets of the Company and the Companys Subsidiaries substantially as an entirety or(iv)any statutory share exchange,

in each case, as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities, other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) (any such event, a Share Exchange Event), then the Company or the successor or purchasing Person, as the case may be, shall execute with the Trustee and without the consent of the Holders a supplemental indenture providing that, at and after the effective time of such Share Exchange Event, the right to convert the Notes shall be changed into a right to convert such principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest of Notes into the kind and amount of shares of stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) that such Holder would have received had such Holder converted its Notes immediately prior to such Share Exchange Event (the Reference Property, with each unit of Reference Property meaning the kind and amount of Reference Property that a holder of one share of Common Stock is entitled to receive) upon such Share Exchange Event, and, prior to or at the effective time of such Share Exchange Event, the Company or the successor or purchasing Person, as the case may be, shall execute with the Trustee a supplemental indenture permitted under Section 10.01(j) providing for such change in the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of Notes; provided, however, that at and after the effective time of the Share Exchange Event (A) the Company shall continue to have the right to determine the form of consideration to be paid or delivered, as the case may be, upon conversion of Notes in accordance with Section 14.02 and (B)(I) any amount payable in cash upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with Section 14.02 shall continue to be payable in cash, (II) any shares of Common Stock that the Company would have been required to deliver upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with Section 14.02 shall instead be deliverable in the amount and type of Reference Property that a holder of that number of shares of Common Stock would have been entitled to receive in such Share Exchange Event and (III) the Daily VWAP shall be calculated based on the value of a unit of Reference Property.

74

If the Share Exchange Event causes the Common Stock to be converted into, or exchanged for, the right to receive more than a single type of consideration (determined based in part upon any form of stockholder election), then (i) the Reference Property into which the Notes will be convertible shall be deemed to be the weighted average of the types and amounts ofconsideration actually received by the holders of Common Stock, and (ii) the unit of Reference Property for purposes of the immediately preceding paragraph shall refer to the consideration referred to in clause (i) attributable to one share of Common Stock. If the holders of the Common Stock receive only cash in such Share Exchange Event, then for all conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs after the effective date of such Share Exchange Event (A) the consideration due upon conversion of a Note shall be solely cash in an amount equal to (I) the sum of the principal amount of such Note being converted, plus all accrued and unpaid interest to the Conversion Date, divided by (II) the Conversion Price of such Note in effect on the Conversion Date, multiplied by the price paid per share of Common Stock in such Share Exchange Event and (B) the Company shall satisfy the Conversion Obligation by paying cash to converting Holders on the second Business Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date. The Company shall notify Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing of such weighted average as soon as practicable after such determination is made.

Such supplemental indenture described in the second immediately preceding paragraph shall provide for anti-dilution and other adjustments that shall be as nearly equivalent as is possible to the adjustments provided for in this Article 14. If, in the case of any Share Exchange Event, the Reference Property includes shares of stock, securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) of a Person other than the successor or purchasing corporation, as the case may be, in such Share Exchange Event, then such supplemental indenture shall also be executed by such other Person and shall contain such additional provisions to protect the interests of the Holders of the Notes as the Board of Directors shall reasonably consider necessary by reason of the foregoing, including the provisions providing for the purchase rights set forth in Article 15.(b)When the Company executes a supplemental indenture pursuant to subsection (a) of this Section 14.07, the Company shall promptly file with the Trustee an Officers Certificate briefly stating the reasons therefor, the kind or amount of cash, securities or property or asset that will comprise a unit of Reference Property after any such Share Exchange Event, any adjustment to be made with respect thereto and that all conditions precedent have been complied with, and shall promptly deliver notice thereof to all Holders. The Company shall cause notice of the execution of such supplemental indenture to be delivered to each Holder within 20 days after execution thereof. Failure to deliver such notice shall not affect the legality or validity of such supplemental indenture.(c)None of the foregoing provisions shall affect the right of a holder of Notes to convert its Notes into shares of Common Stock as set forth in Section 14.01 and Section 14.02 prior to the effective date of such Share Exchange Event.(d)The above provisions of this Section shall similarly apply to successive Share Exchange Events.

Section 14.08Certain Covenants. The Company covenants that all shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of Notes will be fully paid and non-assessable by the Company and free from all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issue thereof.(a)The Company covenants that, if any shares of Common Stock to be provided for the purpose of conversion of Notes hereunder require registration with or approval of any governmental authority under any federal or state law before such shares of Common Stock may be validly issued upon conversion, the Company will, to the extent then permitted by the rules and interpretations of the Commission, secure such registration or approval, as the case may be.(b)The Company further covenants that if at any time the Common Stock shall be listed on any national securities exchange or automated quotation system the Company will list and keep listed, so long as the Common Stock shall be so listed on such exchange or automated quotation system, any Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes.

75

Section 14.09Responsibility of Trustee and Conversion Agent. The Trustee and any Conversion Agent shall not at any time be under any duty or responsibility to any Holder to determine the Conversion Rate of a Note (or any adjustment thereto) or whether any facts exist that may require any adjustment (including any increase) of the Conversion Rate of a Note, or with respect to the nature or extent or calculation of any such adjustment when made, or with respect to the method employed, or herein or in any supplemental indenture provided to be employed, in making the same. The Trustee and any Conversion Agent shall not be accountable with respect to the validity or value (or the kind or amount) of any shares of Common Stock, or of any securities, property or cash that may at any time be issued or delivered upon the conversion of any Note; and the Trustee and any Conversion Agent make no representations with respect thereto. Neither the Trustee nor any Conversion Agent shall be responsible for any failure of the Company to issue, transfer or deliver any shares of Common Stock or stock certificates or other securities or property or cash upon the surrender of any Note for the purpose of conversion or to comply with any of the duties, responsibilities or covenants of the Company contained in this Article. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither the Trustee nor any Conversion Agent shall be under any responsibility to determine the correctness of any provisions contained in any supplemental indenture entered into pursuant to Section 14.07 relating either to the kind or amount of shares of stock or securities or property (including cash) receivable by Holders upon the conversion of their Notes after any event referred to in such Section 14.07 or to any adjustment to be made with respect thereto, but, subject to the provisions of Section 7.01, may accept (without any independent investigation) as conclusive evidence of the correctness of any such provisions, and shall be protected in relying upon, the Officers Certificate (which the Company shall be obligated to file with the Trustee prior to the execution of any such supplemental indenture) with respect thereto.

Section 14.10Notice to Holders Prior to Certain Actions. In case of any:(a)action by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries that would require an adjustment in the Conversion Rate of a Note pursuant to Section 14.04 or Section 14.11;(b)Share Exchange Event; or(c)voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

then, in each case (unless notice of such event is otherwise required pursuant to another provision of this Indenture), the Company shall cause to be filed with the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) and to be delivered to each Holder, as promptly as possible but in any event at least 20 days prior to the applicable date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (i) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such action by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries or, if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of Common Stock of record are to be determined for the purposes of such action by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries, or (ii) the date on which such Share Exchange Event, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up is expected to become effective or occur, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their Common Stock for securities or other property deliverable upon such Share Exchange Event, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up. Failure to give such notice, or any defect therein, shall not affect the legality or validity of such action by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries, Share Exchange Event, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up.

Section 14.11Stockholder Rights Plans. If the Company has a stockholder rights plan in effect upon conversion of the Notes, each share of Common Stock, if any, issued upon such conversion shall be entitled to receive the appropriate number of rights, if any, and the certificates representing the Common Stock issued upon such conversion shall bear such legends, if any, in each case as may be provided by the terms of any such stockholder rights plan, as the same may be amended from time to time. However, if, prior to any conversion of Notes, the rights have separated from the shares of Common Stock in accordance with the provisions of the applicable stockholder rights plan, the Conversion Rate of a Note shall be adjusted at the time of separation as if the Company distributed to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock Distributed Property as provided in Section 14.04(c), subject to readjustment in the event of the expiration, termination or redemption of such rights.

Section 14.12Stock Exchange Limitations.Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, prior to obtaining the Requisite Stockholder Approval, the Company will not be permitted to settle any conversion of Notes with, and no Holder will be entitled to convert any Note into, shares of Common Stock if and to the extent the settlement of such conversion, together with all exercises of the Warrants and conversions of the Notes into Common Stock, whether by the Holder or any other holder of the Warrants or Notes, would cause the Company to have issued more than 19.9% of the Common Stock outstanding on the Business Day immediately prior to the Issue Date on an aggregate basis, subject to adjustment in the same manner and at the same time as the Conversion Rate of the Notes pursuant to Section 14.04 to the extent required to comply with the share issuance limitation imposed by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d).

76

ARTICLE 15

OPTIONAL REDEMPTION

Section 15.01Optional Redemption. The Notes shall not be redeemable by the Company prior to [], 2026.2 On or after [], 2026, the Company may redeem (an Optional Redemption) for cash all or any portion of the Notes, at theRedemption Price, if the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock has been equal to or greater than 160% of the Conversion Price of the Notes then in effect for at least 20 Trading Days (whether or not consecutive) during any 30 consecutive Trading Day period (including the last Trading Day of such period) ending on, and including the Trading Day immediately preceding, the date on which the Company provides the Redemption Notice in accordance with Section 15.02.

Section 15.02Noticeof Optional Redemption; Selection of Notes.(a) In case the Company exercises its Optional Redemption right to redeem all or, as the case may be, any part of the Notes pursuant to Section 15.01, it shall fix a date for redemption (each, a RedemptionDate) and it or, at its written request received by the Trustee not less than five Business Days prior to the date such Redemption Notice is to be sent (or such shorter period of time as may be acceptable to the Trustee), the Trustee, in the name of and at the expense of the Company, shall deliver or cause to be delivered a notice of such Optional Redemption (a Redemption Notice) not less than 10 nor more than 60 calendar days prior to the Redemption Date to each applicable Holder of Notes so to be redeemed as a whole or in part; provided, however, that, if the Company shall give such notice, it shall also give written notice of the Redemption Date to the Trustee, the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) and the Paying Agent (if other than the Trustee). The Redemption Date must be a Business Day.

(b)The Redemption Notice, if delivered in the manner herein provided, shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not the Holder receives such notice. In any case, failure to give such Redemption Notice by mail or any defect in the Redemption Notice to the Holder of any Note designated for redemption as a whole or in part shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any other Note.

(c)Each redemption notice shall specify:

(i)the Redemption Date,

(ii)the Redemption Price,

(iii)that on the Redemption Date, the Redemption Price will become due and payable upon each Note to be redeemed, and that interest thereon, if any, shall cease to accrue on and after the Redemption Date;

(iv)the place or places where such Notes are to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price;

(v)that Holders called (or deemed called) for redemption may surrender their Notes for conversion at any time prior to the close of business on the second Trading Day immediately preceding the Redemption Date;

(vi)the procedures a converting Holder must follow to convert its Notes;

(vii)the Conversion Rate of such Notes;

(viii)the CUSIP, ISIN or other similar numbers, if any, assigned to such Notes;and

(ix)in case any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the portion of the principal amount thereof to be redeemed and on and after the Redemption Date, upon surrender of such Note, a new Note in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion thereof shall be issued.

2 [Note
to Draft:To be the first anniversary
of the Issue Date of the Notes.]

77

(d)If fewer than all of the outstanding Notesare to be redeemed, the Trustee shall select the Notes or portions thereof to be redeemed (in principal amounts of $1,000 or integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof) by lot, on a prorata basis or by another method the Trustee considers to be fair and appropriate. The Trustee shall not be liable to any party for any selections made in respect of partial redemptions, provided the Trustee acts without gross negligence or willful misconduct.

Section 15.03Payment of Notes Called for Redemption.(a)A Redemption Notice shall be irrevocable. Any Notes called for redemption shall be due and payable on the applicable Redemption Date at the place or places stated in the Redemption Notice and at the applicable Redemption Price. On presentation and surrender of the Notes at the place or places stated in the Redemption Notice, the Notes shall be paid and redeemed by the Company at the applicable Redemption Price.

(b)Prior to the open of business on the Redemption Date, the Company shall irrevocably deposit with the Paying Agent or, if the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company is acting as the Paying Agent, shall segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section7.05 an amount of cash (in immediately available funds if deposited on the Redemption Date), sufficient to pay the Redemption Price of all of the Notes to be redeemed on such Redemption Date. Subject to receipt of funds by the Paying Agent, payment for the Notes to be redeemed shall be made on the Redemption Date for such Notes. The Paying Agent shall, promptly after such payment and upon written demand by the Company, return to the Company any funds in excess of the Redemption Price.

ARTICLE 16

MANDATORY REPURCHASE OFFERS; 

REPURCHASE OF NOTES AT OPTION OF HOLDERSSection 16.01Mandatory Repurchase Offers.

(a)No later than sixty (60) days following the date of receipt by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of any Net Cash Proceeds in respect of any Non-Ordinary Course IP Sale, which Net Cash Proceeds, together with the aggregate amount of Net Cash Proceeds previously received from such Non-Ordinary Course IP Sales (i) during the most recent twelve month period do not exceed $5.0 million (the IP Sales Twelve Month Threshold Amount) and (ii)since the Issue Date do not exceed $7.5 million (the IP Sales Cumulative Threshold Amount), the Company shall make an offer (an IP Sales Mandatory Repurchase Offer) to all Holders of Notes to purchase the maximum outstanding principal amount of Notes (the IP Sales Mandatory Repurchase Offer Amount) that may be purchased utilizing 33% of the Net Cash Proceeds from such Non-Ordinary Course IP Sale (the IP Sales Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds). In the event that:

(i)(A) the Net Cash Proceeds in respect of any Non-Ordinary Course IP Sale, together with the aggregate amount of Net Cash Proceeds previously received from such Non-Ordinary Course IP Sales during the most recent twelve month period, exceeds the IP Sales Twelve Month Threshold Amount (the IP Sales Twelve Month Excess Proceeds) and (B) the Net Cash Proceeds in respect of any Non-Ordinary Course IP Sale, together with the aggregate amount of Net Cash Proceeds previously received from such Non-Ordinary Course IP Sales since the Issue Date does not exceed the IP Sales Cumulative Threshold Amount, the IP Sales Mandatory Repurchase Offer Amount shall be 33% of the Net Cash Proceeds from such Non-Ordinary Course IP Sale until the IP Sales Twelve Month Threshold Amount has been reached, plus 100% of the IP Sales Twelve Month Excess Proceeds; and

(ii)the Net Cash Proceeds in respect of any Non-Ordinary Course IP Sale, together with the aggregate amount of Net Cash Proceeds previously received from such Non-Ordinary Course IP Sales since the Issue Date, exceeds the IP Sales Cumulative Threshold Amount (the IP Sales Cumulative Excess Proceeds), the IP Sales Mandatory Repurchase Offer Amount shall be 33% of the Net Cash Proceeds from such Non-Ordinary Course IP Sale until the IP Sales Cumulative Threshold Amount has been reached, plus 100% of the IP Sales Cumulative Excess Proceeds.

78

(b)No later than sixty (60) days following the date of receipt by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of any Net Cash Proceeds in respect of any Non-Ordinary Course Spectrum Sale, the Company shall make an offer (a Spectrum Sales Mandatory Repurchase Offer) to all Holders of Notes to purchase the maximum outstanding principal amount of Notes (the Spectrum Sales Mandatory Repurchase Offer Amount) that may be purchased utilizing such Net Cash Proceeds (the Spectrum Sales Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds).

(c)Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that any of the foregoing obligations to effect a Mandatory Repurchase Offer arises as a result of Net Cash Proceeds generated by a Foreign Subsidiary (or a direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary) and the Company determines in good faith that actions reasonably required to use such Net Cash Proceeds to effect any such Mandatory Repurchase Offer would result in material and adverse tax consequences to the Company or its Affiliates (taking into account any foreign tax credit or other net benefit actually realized in connection with such repatriation that would not otherwise be realized), then the relevant amounts shall be entitled to be retained by the Company or the applicable Affiliate and such amounts shall not be required to be used to effect a Mandatory Repurchase Offer pursuant to either clause (a) or clause (b) above.

Section 16.02MandatoryRepurchase Offer Notices; Selection of Notes.(a) The Mandatory Repurchase Offer shall remain open for a period of 20 Business Days following its commencement and no longer, except to the extent that a longer period is required by applicable law (the Mandatory Repurchase Offer Period). Promptly after the expiration of the Mandatory Repurchase Offer Period (the Mandatory Repurchase Date), the Company shall apply all of the Applicable Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds to repurchase all of the Notes tendered in the Mandatory Repurchase Offer at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount being repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon (if any) to, but excluding the Mandatory Repurchase Date (the Mandatory Offer Repurchase Price); provided that if the aggregate Mandatory Offer Repurchase Price for all Notes tendered in such Mandatory Repurchase Offer exceeds the total amount of Applicable Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds, then the tendered Notes shall be repurchased pro rata up to the maximum amount of Notes that can be repurchased with such Applicable Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds. If the Mandatory Repurchase Date is on or after a Regular Record Date and on or before the related Interest Payment Date, any accrued and unpaid interest up to but excluding the Mandatory Repurchase Date, shall be paid to the Person in whose name a note is registered at the close of business on such Regular Record Date, and no additional interest shall be payable to Holders of the Notes who tender Notes pursuant to the Mandatory Repurchase Offer.(b)Subject to clause (a) above, the Company will mail or send electronically a notice of Mandatory Repurchase Offer (a Mandatory Repurchase Offer Notice) to all Holders of Notes (copying the Trustee) no later than sixty (60) days after the receipt of Net Cash Proceeds from a Non-Ordinary Course IP Sale or Non-Ordinary Course Spectrum Sale. The Mandatory Repurchase Offer Notice shall contain all instructions and materials necessary to enable such holder to tender notes pursuant to the Mandatory Repurchase Offer and will comply with the procedures required by this Indenture.(c)Each Mandatory Repurchase Offer Notice shall specify:(i)that the Mandatory Repurchase Offer is being made pursuant to Section 16.01(a) or (b) of this Indenture;(ii)the Mandatory Offer Repurchase Price and the Mandatory Repurchase Date, which shall be no earlier than 10 calendar days nor later than 60 calendar days after the date the Mandatory Repurchase Offer Notice is mailed (the Mandatory Repurchase Payment Date);(iii)that any Notes not tendered will continue to accrue interest in accordance with the terms of this Indenture;

79

(iv)that, unless the Company defaults in the payment of the Mandatory Repurchase Offer Amount, all Notes accepted for payment pursuant to the Mandatory Repurchase Offer shall cease to accrue interest after the Mandatory Repurchase Payment Date;

(v)that Holders will be entitled to withdraw their election by notice in writing to the Paying Agent delivered not later than the close of business on the second Business Day preceding the Mandatory Repurchase Payment Date;

(vi)that Holders whose Notes are being purchased only in part will be issued new Notes equal in principal amount to the unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered, which unpurchased portion must be equal to $1,000 in principal amount or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof; and

(vii)any other information material to such Holders decision to tender Notes.

(d)If fewer than all of the outstanding Notes are to be repurchased, the Trustee shall select the Notes or portions thereof to be repurchased (in principal amounts of $1,000 or multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof) by lot, on a prorata basis or by another method the Trustee considers to be fair and appropriate. The Trustee shall not be liable to any party for any selections made in accordance with this Section 16.02(d), provided the Trustee acts without gross negligence or willful misconduct.

(e)To the extent that the aggregate principal amount of Notes validly tendered or otherwise surrendered in connection with a Mandatory Repurchase Offer is less than the Applicable Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds, the Company may, after purchasing all such Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn, use the remaining Applicable Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds for any purpose not otherwise prohibited by this Indenture. If the aggregate principal amount of the Notes validly tendered pursuant to any Mandatory Repurchase Offer exceeds the amount that can be repurchased with the Applicable Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds, the Company will allocate the Applicable Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds to purchase Notes on a pro rata basis on the basis of the aggregate principal amount of tendered Notes; provided that no Notes will be selected and purchased in an unauthorized denomination. Upon completion of any repurchase of Notes in a Mandatory Repurchase Offer, the amount of Applicable Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds shall be reset at zero.

(f)The Company will comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable. To the extent that the provisions of any such securities laws or regulations conflict with the provisions of this Indenture, the Company will comply with those securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations described in this Indenture by virtue of compliance therewith.

Section 16.03Repurchase at Option of Holders Upon a Fundamental Change.(a)If a Fundamental Change occurs at any time prior to the Maturity Date, each Holder shall have the right, at such Holders option, to require the Company to repurchase for cash all of such Holders Notes, or any portion thereof that is equal to $1,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000, on the date (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date) specified by the Company that is not less than 20 calendar days or more than 35 calendar days following the date of the Fundamental Change Company Notice at a repurchase price equal to the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price.

(b)Repurchases of Notes under thisSection 16.03 shall be made, at the option of the Holder thereof, upon:(i)delivery to the Paying Agent by a Holder of a duly completed notice (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice) in the form set forth in Attachment 2 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A, on or before the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date; and(ii)delivery of the Notesto the Paying Agent at any time after delivery of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice (together with all necessary endorsements for transfer) at the Corporate Trust Office of the Paying Agent, such delivery being a condition to receipt by the Holder of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price therefor.

80

The Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in respect of any Notes to be repurchased shall state:(i)the certificate numbers of the Notes to be delivered for repurchase;(ii)the portion of the principal amount of Notes to be repurchased, which must be $1,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof; and(iii)that the Notes are to be repurchased by the Company pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Notes and this Indenture.

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any Holder delivering to the Paying Agent the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice contemplated by this Section 16.03 shall have the right to withdraw, in whole or in part, such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date by delivery of a written notice of withdrawal to the Paying Agent in accordance withSection 16.04.

The Paying Agent shall promptly notify the Company of the receipt by it of any Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice or written notice of withdrawal thereof.(c)On or before the 20th Business Day after the occurrence of the effective date of a Fundamental Change, the Company shall provide to all Holders of Notes and the Trustee and the Paying Agent (in the case of a Paying Agent other than the Trustee) a written notice (the Fundamental Change Company Notice) of the occurrence of the effective date of the Fundamental Change and of the repurchase right at the option of the Holders arising as a result thereof. Such notice shall be by first class mail. Simultaneously with providing such notice, the Company shall publish the information set forth in the Fundamental Change Company Notice on the Companys website or through such other public medium as the Company may use at that time. Each Fundamental Change Company Notice shall specify:(i)the events causing the Fundamental Change;(ii)the effective date of the Fundamental Change;(iii)the last date on which a Holder may exercise the repurchase right pursuant to this Section 16.03;(iv)the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price;(v)the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date;(vi)the name and address of the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent, if applicable;(vii)the Conversion Rate for the applicable Note;

(viii)that the Notes with respect to which a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice has been delivered by a Holder may be converted only if the Holder validly withdraws the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in accordance with the terms of this Indenture; and

(ix)the procedures that Holders must follow to require the Company to repurchase their Notes.

81

No failure of the Company to give the foregoing notices and no defect therein shall limit the Holders repurchase rights or affect the validity of the proceedings for the repurchase of the Notes pursuant to thisSection 16.03.

At the Companys request, the Trustee shall give such notice in the Companys name and at the Companys expense; provided, however, that, in all cases, the text of such Fundamental Change Company Notice shall be prepared by the Company.

(d)Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Notes may be repurchased by the Company on any date at the option of the Holders upon a Fundamental Change if the principal amount of the Notes has been accelerated, and such acceleration has not been rescinded, on or prior to such date (except in the case of an acceleration resulting from a Default by the Company in the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price with respect to such Notes). The Paying Agent will promptly return to the respective Holders thereof any Definitive Registered Notes held by it during the acceleration of the Notes (except in the case of an acceleration resulting from a Default by the Company in the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price with respect to such Notes), and, upon such return, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice with respect thereto shall be deemed to have been withdrawn.

(e)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 16.03, the Company shall not be required to repurchase, or to make an offer to repurchase, the Notes upon a Fundamental Change if a third party makes such an offer in the same manner, at the same time and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company as set forth above and such third party purchases all Notes properly surrendered and not validly withdrawn under its offer in the same manner, at the same time and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company as set forth above.

Section 16.04Withdrawal of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice.A Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice may be withdrawn (in whole or in part) by means of a written notice of withdrawal delivered to the Corporate Trust Office of the Paying Agent in accordance with thisSection 16.04 at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, specifying:(i)the principal amount of the Notes with respect to which such notice of withdrawal is being submitted, which must be $1,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof;(ii)the certificate number of the Note in respect of which such notice of withdrawal is being submitted; and(iii)the principal amount, if any, of such Note that remains subject to the original Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice, which must be $1,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof.

82

Section 16.05Deposit of Fundamental Change Repurchase Price.The Company will deposit with the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company, or if the Company is acting as its own Paying Agent, set aside, segregate and hold in trust as provided inSection 4.04) on or prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, an amount of money sufficient to repurchase all of the Notes to be repurchased at the appropriate Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. Subject to receipt of funds and/or Notes by the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company), payment for Notes surrendered for repurchase (and not withdrawn prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date) will be made on the later of (i) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (provided the Holder has satisfied the conditions in Section 16.03) and (ii) the time of book-entry transfer or the delivery of such Note to the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company) by the Holder thereof in the manner required by Section 16.03 by wire transfer in immediately available funds, for the amount payable to the Holders of such Notes entitled thereto as they shall appear in the Note Register. The Trustee shall, promptly after such payment and upon written demand by the Company, return to the Company any funds in excess of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price.

(a) If by 11:00 a.m. New York City time, on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company) holds money sufficient to make payment on all the Notes or portions thereof that are to be repurchased on such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, then, with respect to the Notes that have been properly surrendered for repurchase and have not been validly withdrawn, such Notes will cease to be outstanding, interest will cease to accrue on such Notes (whether or not book-entry transfer of the Notes has been made or the Notes have been delivered to the Trustee or Paying Agent) and all other rights of the Holders of such Notes will terminate (other than the right to receive the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and, if applicable, accrued and unpaid interest).

(b)Upon surrender of a Note that is to be repurchased in part pursuant toSection 16.03, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Holder a new Note in an authorized denomination equal in principal amount to the unrepurchased portion of the Note surrendered.

Section 16.06Covenant to Comply with Applicable Laws Upon Repurchase of Notes.In connection with any repurchase offer pursuant to Section 16.03, the Company will comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable. To the extent that the provisions of any such securities laws or regulations conflict with the provisions of this Indenture, the Company will comply with those securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations described in this Indenture by virtue of compliance therewith.

83

ARTICLE 17

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 17.01ProvisionsBinding on Companys Successors. All the covenants, stipulations, promises and agreements of the Company contained in this Indenture shall bind its successors and assigns whether so expressed or not.

Section 17.02Official Acts by Successor Corporation. Any act or proceeding by any provision of this Indenture authorized or required to be done or performed by any board, committee or Officer of the Company shall and may be done and performed with like force and effect by the like board, committee or officer of any corporation or other entity that shall at the time be the lawful sole successor of the Company.

Section 17.03Addresses for Notices, Etc. Any notice or demand that by any provision of this Indenture is required or permitted to be given or served by the Trustee or by the Holders on the Company shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given or made, for all purposes if given or served by being deposited postage prepaid by registered or certified mail in a post office letter box addressed (until another address is filed by the Company with the Trustee) to NextNav Inc., 11911 Freedom Drive, Ste. 200, Reston, VA 20190, Attention: Chief Financial Officer. Any notice, direction, request or demand hereunder to or upon the Trustee shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given or made, for all purposes, if given or served by being deposited postage prepaid by registered or certified mail in a post office letter box addressed to the Corporate Trust Office. Any notice, direction, request or demand hereunder to or upon the Notes Collateral Agent shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given or made, for all purposes, if given or served by being deposited postage prepaid by registered or certified mail in a post office letter box addressed to GLAS Trust Company LLC Limited, 3 Second Street, Suite 206, Jersey City, New Jersey 07311, United States of America, Attn: TMGUS/NEXTNAV INC., email: tmgus@glas.agency; clientservices.usadcm@glas.agency.

The Trustee, by notice to the Company, may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or communications. The Notes Collateral Agent, by notice to the Company, may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or communications.

The Trustee agrees to accept and act upon instructions or directions pursuant to this Indenture sent by unsecured e-mail (PDF only), facsimile transmission or other similar unsecured electronic methods; provided, however, that (a) the party providing such electronic instructions or directions, subsequent to the transmission thereof, shall provide the originally executed instructions or directions to the Trustee in a timely manner and (b) such originally executed instructions or directions shall be signed by an authorized representative of the party providing such instructions or directions. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the Trustees reliance upon and compliance with such instructions or directions notwithstanding such instructions or directions conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction or direction or if the subsequent written instruction or direction is never received. The party providing instructions or directions by unsecured e-mail (PDF only), facsimile transmission or other similar unsecured electronic methods, as aforesaid, agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of such electronic methods to submit instructions and directions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties. Nothing in this Section 17.03 shall require the Trustee to act upon instructions or directions sent by e-mail transmissions.

Any notice or communication delivered or to be delivered to a Holder of Notes shall be mailed to it by first class mail, postage prepaid, at its address as it appears on the Note Register or e-mailed at the email address of the Holder as it appears on the Note Register and shall be sufficiently given to it if so mailed or electronically delivered within the time prescribed.

Failure to mail or deliver a notice or communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders. If a notice or communication is mailed or delivered, as the case may be, in the manner provided above, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it.

In case by reason of the suspension of regular mail service or by reason of any other cause it shall be impracticable to give such notice to Holders by mail, then such notification as shall be made with the approval of the Trustee shall constitute a sufficient notification for every purpose hereunder.

84

Section 17.04Governing Law; Jurisdiction. THIS INDENTURE, EACH NOTE, EACH NOTE GUARANTEE AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS INDENTURE OR ANY NOTE OR NOTE GUARANTEE, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAWS PROVISIONS THEREOF).

The Company and each Note Guarantor irrevocably consents and agrees, for the benefit of the Holders from time to time of the Notes and the Trustee, that any legal action, suit or proceeding against it with respect to obligations, liabilities or any other matter arising out of or in connection with this Indenture, the Notes or the Note Guarantees may be brought in the courts of the State of New York or the courts of the United States located in the Borough of Manhattan, New York City, New York and, until amounts due and to become due in respect of the Notes have been paid, hereby irrevocably consents and submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of each such court inpersonam, generally and unconditionally with respect to any action, suit or proceeding for itself in respect of its properties, assets and revenues.

The Company and each Note Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any of the aforesaid actions, suits or proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Indenture brought in the courts of the State of New York or the courts of the United States located in the Borough of Manhattan, New York City, New York and hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that any such action, suit or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

Section 17.05Evidenceof Compliance with Conditions Precedent; Certificates and Opinions of Counsel to Trustee. Upon any application or demand by the Company to the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent to take any action under any of the provisions of this Indenture, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel stating that such action is permitted by the terms of this Indenture; provided,however, that no Opinion of Counsel shall be required in connection with a request by the Company that the Trustee deliver a notice to Holders under this Indenture where the Trustee receives an Officers Certificate with respect to such notice.

Each Officers Certificate provided for, by or on behalf of the Company in this Indenture and delivered to the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent with respect to compliance with this Indenture (other than the Officers Certificates provided for in Section 4.08) shall include (a) a statement that the person signing such certificate is familiar with the requested action and this Indenture; (b) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statement contained in such certificate is based; (c) a statement that, in the judgment of such person, he or she has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him or her to express an informed judgment as to whether or not such action is permitted by this Indenture; (d) a statement as to whether or not, in the judgment of such person, such action is permitted by this Indenture; and (e) a statement as to whether or not, in the judgment of such person, all conditions precedent and covenants, if any, provided for in this Indenture related to the proposed action have been complied with.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 17.05, if any provision in this Indenture specifically provides that the Trustee or Notes Collateral Agent shall or may receive an Opinion of Counsel in connection with any action to be taken by the Trustee or Notes Collateral Agent or the Company hereunder, the Trustee or Notes Collateral Agent shall receive such Opinion of Counsel.

Section 17.06LegalHolidays. In any case where any Interest Payment Date, any Redemption Date, Fundamental Change Repurchase Date or Maturity Date is not a Business Day, then any action to be taken on such date need not be taken on such date, but may be taken on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if taken on such date, and no interest shall accrue in respect of the delay.

85

Section 17.07Agentfor Service of Process. By the execution and delivery of this Indenture, each Note Guarantor that is not a Domestic Subsidiary does, and with respect to any entity that becomes a Note Guarantor after the date hereof and is not a Domestic Subsidiary, within 10 days of becoming a Note Guarantor, as applicable, will, (a) acknowledge that they will designate and appoint NextNav Inc., 11911 Freedom Drive, Ste. 200, Reston, VA 20190, or another Person satisfactory to the Trustee (the Authorized Agent), as their authorized agent upon whom process may be served in any suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Indenture or the Note Guarantees that may be instituted in any federal or state court in the State of New York or brought under federal or state securities laws, and acknowledge that the Authorized Agent has accepted such designation, (b) submit to the jurisdiction of any such court in any such suit or proceeding, and (c) agree that service of process upon the Authorized Agent and written notice of said service to the Note Guarantor that is not a Domestic Subsidiary in accordance with this Section 17.07 shall be deemed effective service of process in any such suit or proceeding. Each Note Guarantor that is not a Domestic Subsidiary further agrees to take any reasonable action, including the execution and filing of any and all such documents and instruments, as may be necessary to continue such designation and appointment of the Authorized Agent in full force and effect so long as any of the Notes shall be outstanding; provided, however, that each Note Guarantor that is not a Domestic Subsidiary may, by written notice to the Trustee, designate such additional or alternative agent for service of process under this Section 17.07 that (i) maintains an office located in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, in the State of New York, (ii) is either (x) counsel for the Note Guarantor or (y) a corporate service company which acts as agent for service of process for other persons in the ordinary course of its business and (iii) agrees to act as agent for service of process in accordance with this Section 17.07. Such written notice shall identify the name of such agent for process and the address of the office of such agent for process in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, State of New York. Upon the written request of any Holder, the Trustee shall deliver a copy of such notice to such Holder.

Section 17.08Benefits of Indenture. Nothing in this Indenture or in the Notes, expressed or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the Holders, the parties hereto, any Paying Agent, any Conversion Agent, any authenticating agent, any Note Registrar and their successors hereunder, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Indenture.

Section 17.09Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. The table of contents and the titles and headings of the articles and sections of this Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part hereof, and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.

Section 17.10Authenticating Agent. The Trustee may appoint an authenticating agent that shall be authorized to act on its behalf and subject to its reasonable judgment in the authentication and delivery of Notes in connection with the original issuance thereof and transfers and exchanges of Notes hereunder, including under Section 2.04, Section 2.05, Section 2.06, Section 2.07,Section 10.04 and Section15.03 as fully to all intents and purposes as though the authenticating agent had been expressly authorized by this Indenture and those Sections to authenticate and deliver Notes. For all purposes of this Indenture, the authentication and delivery of Notes by the authenticating agent shall be deemed to be authentication and delivery of such Notes by the Trustee and a certificate of authentication executed on behalf of the Trustee by an authenticating agent shall be deemed to satisfy any requirement hereunder or in the Notes for the Trustees certificate of authentication. Such authenticating agent shall at all times be a Person eligible to serve as Trustee hereunder pursuant to Section 7.08.

Any corporation or other entity into which any authenticating agent may be merged, amalgamated or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation or other entity resulting from any merger, amalgamation, consolidation or conversion to which any authenticating agent shall be a party, or any corporation or other entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of any authenticating agent, shall be the successor of the authenticating agent hereunder, if such successor corporation or other entity is otherwise eligible under this Section 17.10, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of the parties hereto or the authenticating agent or such successor corporation or other entity.

86

Any authenticating agent may at any time resign by giving written notice of resignation to the Trustee and to the Company. The Trustee may at any time terminate the agency of any authenticating agent by giving written notice of termination to such authenticating agent and to the Company. Upon receiving such a notice of resignation or upon such a termination, or in case at any time any authenticating agent shall cease to be eligible under this Section 17.10, the Trustee may appoint a successor authenticating agent (which may be the Trustee), shall give written notice of such appointment to the Company and shall deliver notice of such appointment to all Holders.

The Company agrees to pay to the authenticating agent from time to time reasonable compensation for its services although the Company may terminate the authenticating agent, if it determines such agents fees to be unreasonable.

The provisions of Section 7.02, Section 7.03, Section 7.04, Section 8.03 and this Section17.10 shall be applicable to any authenticating agent.

If an authenticating agent is appointed pursuant to this Section 17.10, the Notes may have endorsed thereon, in addition to the Trustees certificate of authentication, an alternative certificate of authentication in the following form:

__________________________,

as Authenticating Agent, certifies that this is one of the Notes described in the within-named Indenture.

By: ____________________

Authorized Officer

87

Section 17.11Execution in Counterparts. This Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. The parties may sign any number of copies of this Indenture. One signed copy is sufficient to prove this Indenture. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Indenture by facsimile or any other rapid transmission device designed to produce a written record of the communication transmitted shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart thereof. The words execution, executed, signed, signature and words of like import in this Indenture or in any other certificate, agreement or document related to this Indenture shall include images of manually executed signatures transmitted by facsimile, email or other electronic format (including, without limitation, pdf, tif or jpg) and other electronic signatures (including, without limitation, DocuSign and AdobeSign). The use of electronic signatures and electronic records (including, without limitation, any contract or other record created, generated, sent, communicated, received, or stored by electronic means) shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based record-keeping system to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act and any other applicable law, including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the Uniform Commercial Code. 

Section 17.12Severability. In the event any provision of this Indenture, in the Notes or in any Note Guarantee shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then (to the extent permitted by law) the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired.

Section 17.13Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE COMPANY, EACH OF THE NOTE GUARANTORS AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

Section 17.14Force Majeure. In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions, pandemics, epidemics, recognized public emergencies, quarantine restrictions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services, hacking, cyber-attacks, or other use or infiltration of the Trustees technological infrastructure exceeding authorized access; it being understood that the Trustee shall use reasonable efforts that are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances.

Section 17.15Calculations. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Company shall be responsible for making all calculations called for under this Indenture and the Notes. These calculations include, but are not limited to, determinations of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock, the Daily VWAPs, accrued interest payable on the Notes, the Conversion Rate on the Notes and Additional Interest. The Company shall make all these calculations in good faith and, absent manifest error, the Companys calculations shall be final and binding on Holders of Notes. The Company shall provide a schedule of its calculations to each of the Trustee and the Conversion Agent, and each of the Trustee and Conversion Agent is entitled to rely conclusively upon the accuracy of the Companys calculations without independent verification. The Trustee will forward the Companys calculations to any Holder of Notes upon the written request of that Holder at the sole cost and expense of the Company.

Section 17.16U.S.A. Patriot Act. The parties hereto acknowledge that in accordance with Section 326 of the U.S.A. Patriot Act, the Trustee, like all financial institutions and in order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Trustee. The parties to this Indenture agree that they will provide the Trustee with such information as it may request in order for the Trustee to satisfy the requirements of theU.S.A. PATRIOT Act.

88

Section 17.17Tax Matters. (a)Absent a change in applicable law after the date hereof, each of the Holder and the Company acknowledges that, for U.S. federal (and applicable state and local) income tax purposes:(i)The Company shall, on or prior to May 15, 2025, propose to each Lead Purchaser the amount deemed paid for and allocable to the Warrant for U.S. federal (and applicable state and local) income tax purposes (the Proposed Warrant Value). If neither Lead Purchaser objects in writing within fifteen (15) days after receiving the Proposed Warrant Value, it will be deemed conclusive and binding upon the parties. If any Lead Purchaser objects in writing to the Proposed Warrant Value within fifteen (15) days of when it was proposed, the parties shall cooperate in good faith to reach an agreed upon allocation by June 1, 2025; provided, that if the Company and the Lead Purchasers cannot agree to the Warrant Value (as defined below) by such date, the Company shall instruct an advisor reasonably acceptable to the Lead Purchasers (the Independent Advisor) to determine the Warrant Value within thirty (30) days after its retention and the determination of the Independent Advisor shall be conclusive and binding upon the parties. The costs and expenses of the Independent Advisor (to the extent reasonably incurred in accordance with the terms of the engagement) shall be paid equally by the Lead Purchasers and the Company. The final allocation, as determined pursuant to this Section17.17(a)(i), shall be referred to herein as the Warrant Value. For the avoidance of doubt, the Warrant Value shall not be binding on the parties for financial reporting purposes or any other purpose other than U.S. federal (and applicable state and local) income tax purposes.(ii)(1) the Notes issued to theLead Purchasersand the Warrant shall be treated as part of an investment unit within the meaning of Section 1273(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code); (2) the Notes shall be treated as having been issued with original issue discount in an amount equal to the Warrant Value, with the balance of the purchase price allocable to the Notes; and(iii)(A) the Notes shall be treated as indebtedness that are not contingent payment debt instruments within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1275-4 and (B) any share conversion of the Notes will be treated as a tax-deferred transaction (clauses (i)-(ii) collectively, the Intended Tax Treatment).The parties hereto shall not take any position for U.S. federal (and applicable state and local) income tax purposes inconsistent with the Intended Tax Treatment except to the extent otherwise required by a change in applicable law or a determination within the meaning of Section 1313(a) of the Code. 

(b)All parties to this Indenture shall provide an executed IRS Form W-9 or appropriate IRS Form W-8 (or, in each case, any successor form) to the Trustee prior to the Issue Date, and shall promptly update any such form to the extent such form expires or becomes inaccurate in any respect because of a change in circumstances. The Trustee shall have the right to request from any party to this Indenture, or any other Person entitled to payment hereunder, any additional forms, documentation or other information as may be reasonably necessary for the Trustee to satisfy its reporting and withholding obligations under the Code. To the extent any such forms to be delivered under this paragraph are not provided prior to the time the related payment is required to be made or are reasonably determined by the Trustee to be incomplete and/or inaccurate in any material respect, the Trustee shall be entitled to withhold on any such payments hereunder to the extent withholding is required under Chapters 3, 4, or 61 of the Code, and shall have no obligation to gross up any such payments. In addition, the Company and the Note Guarantors, jointly and severally, agree to indemnify the Trustee in relation to all Taxes paid by the Trustee, or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to any Person entitled to payment hereunder, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto.

89

ARTICLE 18

COLLATERALSection 18.01Collateral Documents.

(a)The due and punctual payment of the principal of, premium and interest on the Notes when and as the same shall be due and payable, whether on an Interest Payment Date, at maturity, by acceleration, repurchase, redemption or otherwise, and interest on the overdue principal of, premium and interest on the Notes and performance of all other obligations of the Company and the Note Guarantors to the Holders, the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent under this Indenture, the Notes, the Guarantees and the Collateral Documents, according to the terms hereunder or thereunder, shall be secured as provided in the Collateral Documents, which define the terms of the Liens that secure Notes Obligations. The Trustee, the Company and the Note Guarantors hereby acknowledge and agree that the Notes Collateral Agent holds the Collateral in trust (or, as the case may be, as direct representative) for the benefit of the Holders, the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent and pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Documents. Each Holder, by accepting a Note, consents and agrees to the terms of the Collateral Documents (including the provisions providing for the possession, use, release and foreclosure of Collateral), each as may be in effect or may be amended from time to time in accordance with its terms and this Indenture, and authorizes and directs the Notes Collateral Agent to enter into the Collateral Documents on the Issue Date, and the Collateral Documents at any time after the Issue Date, if applicable, and to perform its obligations and exercise its rights thereunder in accordance therewith. The Company shall deliver to the Notes Collateral Agent copies of all documents required to be filed pursuant to the Collateral Documents, and will do or cause to be done all such acts and things as may be reasonably required by the next sentence of this Section 18.01, to assure and confirm to the Notes Collateral Agent the security interest in the Collateral contemplated hereby, by the Collateral Documents or any part thereof, as from time to time constituted, so as to render the same available for the security and benefit of this Indenture and of the Notes secured hereby, according to the intent and purposes herein expressed. On or following the Issue Date, the Company and the Note Guarantors shall, at their sole expense, execute any and all further documents, financing statements (including continuation statements and amendments to financing statements), agreements and instruments, and take all further action that may be required under applicable law, or that the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent may reasonably request (it being understood that neither the Trustee nor the Notes Collateral Agent is under any obligation or duty to make such request), in order to grant, preserve, maintain, protect and perfect (or continue the perfection of) the validity and priority of the Liens and security interests created or intended to be created by the Collateral Documents in the Collateral, in each case, to the extent required pursuant to the Collateral Documents. Such security interest and Liens will be created under the Collateral Documents and other security agreements and other instruments and documents.Section 18.02Release of Collateral.(a)The Company and the Note Guarantors will be entitled to the release of property and other assets constituting Collateral from the Liens securing the Notes and the Notes Obligations under any one or more of the following circumstances:(i)in the case of a Note Guarantor that is released from its Guarantee with respect to the Notes pursuant to the terms of Section 13.05 of this Indenture, the release of the property and assets of such Note Guarantor; and(ii)with respect to any Collateral (x) that is or becomes an Excluded Asset, upon it becoming an Excluded Asset or (y) is sold to a Person that is not (and is not required to be) a Note Party pursuant to a disposition permitted hereunder, upon the consummation of the sale.

90

(b)The Liens on the Collateral securing the Notes and the Note Guarantees also will be released:(i)upon payment in full of the principal of, together with accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes and all other Notes Obligations under this Indenture, the Note Guarantees and the Collateral Documents that are due and payable at or prior to the time such principal, together with accrued and unpaid interest, are paid, or(ii)upon a discharge of this Indenture as described under Article3 hereof.

(c)With respect to any release of Collateral, upon receipt of an Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel stating that all conditions precedent under this Indenture and the Collateral Documents, as applicable, to such release have been met and that it is permitted for the Trustee and/or Notes Collateral Agent to execute and deliver the documents requested by the Company in connection with such release and any necessary or proper instruments of termination, satisfaction or release prepared by the Company, the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent shall, execute, deliver or acknowledge (at the Companys expense) such instruments or releases to evidence the release of any Collateral permitted to be released pursuant to this Indenture or the Collateral Documents and shall do or cause to be done (at the Companys expense) all acts reasonably requested of them to release such Lien as soon as is reasonably practicable. Neither the Trustee nor the Notes Collateral Agent shall be liable for any such release undertaken in reliance upon any such Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel, and notwithstanding any term hereof or in any Collateral Document to the contrary, the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent shall not be under any obligation to release any such Lien and security interest, or execute and deliver any such instrument of release, satisfaction or termination, unless and until it receives such Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel, upon which it shall be entitled to conclusively rely without independent verification or investigation as to the statements made therein.Section 18.03Suits to Protect the Collateral. Subject to the provisions of Article 7 and the Collateral Documents, the Trustee may or may direct the Notes Collateral Agent to take all actions it determines in order to:(a)enforce any of the terms of the Collateral Documents; and(b)collect and receive any and all amounts payable in respect of the Notes Obligations hereunder.

Subject to the provisions of the Collateral Documents, the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent shall have the power to institute and to maintain such suits and proceedings as the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent may determine to prevent any impairment of the Collateral by any acts which may be unlawful or in violation of any of the Collateral Documents or this Indenture, and such suits and proceedings as the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent may determine to preserve or protect its interests and the interests of the Holders in the Collateral. Nothing in this Section 18.03 shall be considered to impose any such duty or obligation to act on the part of the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent.

Section 18.04Authorization of Receipt of Funds by the Trustee Under the CollateralDocuments. The Trustee is authorized to receive any funds for the benefit of the Holders distributed under the Collateral Documents, and to make further distributions of such funds to the Holders according to the provisions of this Indenture.

Section 18.05Purchaser Protected. In no event shall any purchaser in good faith of any property purported to be released hereunder be bound to ascertain the authority of the Notes Collateral Agent or the Trustee to execute the applicable release or to inquire as to the satisfaction of any conditions required by the provisions hereof for the exercise of such authority or to see to the application of any consideration given by such purchaser or other transferee; nor shall any purchaser or other transferee of any property or rights permitted by this Article 18 to be sold be under any obligation to ascertain or inquire into the authority of the Company or the applicable Note Guarantor to make any such sale or other transfer.

91

Section 18.06Powers Exercisable by Receiver or Trustee. In case the Collateral shall be in the possession of a receiver, interim receiver, manager, monitor or trustee, lawfully appointed, the powers conferred in this Article18 upon the Company or a Note Guarantor with respect to the release, sale or other disposition of such property may be exercised by such receiver, interim receiver, manager, monitor or trustee, and an instrument signed by such receiver, interim receiver, manager, monitor or trustee shall be deemed the equivalent of any similar instrument of the Company or a Note Guarantor or of any Officer or Officers thereof required by the provisions of this Article18; and if the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent shall be in the possession of the Collateral under any provision of this Indenture, then such powers may be exercised by the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent.Section 18.07Notes Collateral Agent.

(a)The Company and each of the Holders by acceptance of the Notes hereby designates and appoints the Notes Collateral Agent as its agent under this Indenture and the Collateral Documents, and the Company and each of the Holders by acceptance of the Notes hereby irrevocably authorizes the Notes Collateral Agent to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Indenture and the Collateral Documents and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to the Notes Collateral Agent by the terms of this Indenture and the Collateral Documents, and consents and agrees to the terms of each Collateral Document, as the same may be in effect or may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with their respective terms. The Notes Collateral Agent agrees to act as such on the express conditions contained in this Section 18.07. Each Holder agrees that any action taken by the Notes Collateral Agent in accordance with the provision of this Indenture and the Collateral Documents, and the exercise by the Notes Collateral Agent of any rights or remedies set forth herein and therein shall be authorized and binding upon all Holders. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained elsewhere in this Indenture and the Collateral Documents, the duties of the Notes Collateral Agent shall be ministerial and administrative in nature, and the Notes Collateral Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein and in the Collateral Documents to which the Notes Collateral Agent is a party, nor shall the Notes Collateral Agent have or be deemed to have any trust or other fiduciary relationship with the Trustee, any Holder, the Company or any Note Guarantor, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Indenture and the Collateral Documents or otherwise exist against the Notes Collateral Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, the use of the term agent in this Indenture with reference to the Notes Collateral Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties.

(b)The Notes Collateral Agent may perform any of its duties under this Indenture, the Collateral Documents by or through receivers, interim receivers, managers, monitors, agents, employees, attorneys-in-fact or with respect to any specified Person, such Persons Affiliates, and the respective officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors and attorneys-in-fact of such Person and its Affiliates (a Related Person), and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties, and shall be entitled to act upon, and shall be fully protected in taking action in reliance upon any advice or opinion given by legal counsel. The Notes Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any receiver, interim receiver, manager, monitor, agent, employee, attorney-in-fact or Related Person that it selects as long as such selection was made in good faith and with due care.

(c)None of the Notes Collateral Agent or any of its respective Related Persons shall (i) be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them under or in connection with this Indenture or the Transactions contemplated hereby (except for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct) or under or in connection with any Collateral Document or the Transactions contemplated thereby (except for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct), or (ii) be responsible in any manner to any of the Trustee or any Holder for any recital, statement, representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by the Company or any other Note Party or Affiliate of any Note Party, or any Officer or Related Person thereof, contained in this Indenture or the Collateral Documents, or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Notes Collateral Agent under or in connection with, this Indenture or the Collateral Documents, or the validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Indenture or the Collateral Documents, or for any failure of any Note Party or any other party to this Indenture, the Collateral Documents to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. None of the Notes Collateral Agent or any of its respective Related Persons shall be under any obligation to the Trustee or any Holder to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Indenture or the Collateral Documents or to inspect the properties, books, or records of any Note Party or any Note Partys Affiliates.

92

(d)The Notes Collateral Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any writing, resolution, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, telegram, facsimile, certification, telephone message, statement, or other communication, document or conversation (including those by telephone or e-mail) believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent, or made by the proper Person or Persons, and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including, without limitation, counsel to the Company or any other Note Party), independent accountants and other experts and advisors selected by the Notes Collateral Agent. The Notes Collateral Agent shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, or other paper or document. The Notes Collateral Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Indenture, the Collateral Documents unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Trustee or the Majority Holders as it determines and, if it so requests, it shall first be indemnified to its reasonable satisfaction by the Majority Holders or the Holders against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. The Notes Collateral Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Indenture or the Collateral Documents in accordance with a request, direction, instruction or consent of the Trustee or the Majority Holders and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all of the Holders.

(e)The Notes Collateral Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, unless a Responsible Officer of the Notes Collateral Agent shall have received written notice from the Trustee or the Company referring to this Indenture, describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default. The Notes Collateral Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as may be requested by the Trustee in accordance with Article 6 or the Majority Holders (subject to this Section 18.07).

(f)The Notes Collateral Agent may resign at any time by notice to the Trustee and the Company, such resignation to be effective upon the acceptance of a successor agent to its appointment as Notes Collateral Agent. If the Notes Collateral Agent resigns under this Indenture, the Company shall appoint a successor collateral agent. If no successor collateral agent is appointed prior to the intended effective date of the resignation of the Notes Collateral Agent (as stated in the notice of resignation), the Trustee, at the direction of the Majority Holders then outstanding, may appoint a successor collateral agent, subject to the consent of the Company (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld and which shall not be required during a continuing Event of Default). If no successor collateral agent is appointed and consented to by the Company pursuant to the preceding sentence within thirty (30) days after the intended effective date of resignation (as stated in the notice of resignation) the Notes Collateral Agent shall be entitled to petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint a successor. The Majority Holders may at any time remove the Notes Collateral Agent and nominate a successor collateral agent that shall be deemed appointed as successor collateral agent by giving written notice of such removal and appointment to the Company and by delivering notice thereof to the remaining Holders (if any). Upon the acceptance of its appointment as successor collateral agent hereunder, such successor collateral agent shall succeed to all the rights, powers and duties of the retiring or removed Notes Collateral Agent, and the term Notes Collateral Agent shall mean such successor collateral agent, and the retiring or removed Notes Collateral Agents appointment, powers and duties as the Notes Collateral Agent shall be terminated. After the retiring Notes Collateral Agents resignation or removal hereunder, the provisions of this Section18.07 shall continue to inure to its benefit and the retiring or removed Notes Collateral Agent shall not by reason of such resignation or removal be deemed to be released from liability as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was the Notes Collateral Agent under this Indenture.

(g)GLAS Trust Company LLC shall initially act as Notes Collateral Agent and shall be authorized to appoint co-Notes Collateral Agents as necessary in its sole discretion. Except as otherwise explicitly provided herein or in the Collateral Documents, neither the Notes Collateral Agent nor any of its respective officers, directors, employees or agents or other Related Persons shall be liable for failure to demand, collect or realize upon any of the Collateral or for any delay in doing so or shall be under any obligation to sell or otherwise dispose of any Collateral upon the request of any other Person or to take any other action whatsoever with regard to the Collateral or any part thereof. The Notes Collateral Agent shall be accountable only for amounts that it actually receives as a result of the exercise of such powers, and neither the Notes Collateral Agent nor any of its officers, directors, employees or agents shall be responsible for any act or failure to act hereunder, except for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct.

93

(h)The Notes Collateral Agent is authorized and directed to (i) enter into the Collateral Documents to which it is party, whether executed on or after the Issue Date, (ii) make the representations of the Holders set forth in the Collateral Documents, (iii) bind the Holders on the terms as set forth in the Collateral Documents and (iv) perform and observe its obligations under the Collateral Documents.

(i)If at any time or times the Trustee shall receive (i) by payment, foreclosure, set-off or otherwise, any proceeds of Collateral or any payments with respect to the Notes Obligations arising under, or relating to, this Indenture, except for any such proceeds or payments received by the Trustee from the Notes Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms of this Indenture, or (ii)payments from the Notes Collateral Agent in excess of the amount required to be paid to the Trustee pursuant to Article 6, the Trustee shall promptly turn the same over to the Notes Collateral Agent, in kind, and with such endorsements as may be required to negotiate the same to the Notes Collateral Agent such proceeds to be applied by the Notes Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms of this Indenture and the Collateral Documents.

(j)The Notes Collateral Agent is each Holders agent for the purpose of perfecting the Holders security interest in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code can be perfected only by possession. Should the Trustee obtain possession of any such Collateral, upon request from the Company, the Trustee shall notify the Notes Collateral Agent thereof and promptly shall deliver such Collateral to the Notes Collateral Agent or otherwise deal with such Collateral in accordance with the Notes Collateral Agents instructions.

(k)The Notes Collateral Agent shall have no obligation whatsoever to the Trustee or any of the Holders to assure that the Collateral exists or is owned by any Note Party or is cared for, protected, or insured or has been encumbered, or that the Notes Collateral Agents Liens have been properly or sufficiently or lawfully created, perfected, protected, maintained or enforced or are entitled to any particular priority, or to determine whether all of the Note Partys property constituting Collateral intended to be subject to the Lien and security interest of the Collateral Documents has been properly and completely listed or delivered, as the case may be, or the genuineness, validity, marketability or sufficiency thereof or title thereto, or to exercise at all or in any particular manner or under any duty of care, disclosure or fidelity, or to continue exercising, any of the rights, authorities, and powers granted or available to the Notes Collateral Agent pursuant to this Indenture or any Collateral Document other than pursuant to the instructions of the Trustee or the Majority Holders or as otherwise provided in the Collateral Documents.(l)[Reserved]

(m)No provision of this Indenture or any Collateral Document shall require the Notes Collateral Agent (or the Trustee) to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or thereunder or to take or omit to take any action hereunder or thereunder or take any action at the request or direction of Holders (or the Trustee in the case of the Notes Collateral Agent) unless it shall have received indemnity, prefunding and/or security satisfactory to the Notes Collateral Agent and the Trustee against potential costs and liabilities incurred by the Notes Collateral Agent relating thereto. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Indenture or the Collateral Documents, in the event the Notes Collateral Agent is entitled or required to commence an action to foreclose or otherwise exercise its remedies to acquire control or possession of the Collateral, the Notes Collateral Agent shall not be required to commence any such action or exercise any remedy or to inspect or conduct any studies of any property under the mortgages or take any such other action if the Notes Collateral Agent has determined that the Notes Collateral Agent may incur personal liability as a result of the presence at, or release on or from, the Collateral or such property, of any hazardous substances. The Notes Collateral Agent shall at any time be entitled to cease taking any action described in this clause if it no longer reasonably deems any indemnity, prefunding and/or security or undertaking from the Company or the Holders to be sufficient.

94

(n)The Notes Collateral Agent (i) shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection with this Indenture and the Collateral Documents or instrument referred to herein or therein, except to the extent that any of the foregoing are found by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from its own gross negligence or willful misconduct, (ii) shall not be liable for interest on any money received by it except as the Notes Collateral Agent may agree in writing with the Company (and money held in trust by the Notes Collateral Agent need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law) and (iii) may consult with counsel of its selection and the advice or opinion of such counsel as to matters of law shall be full and complete authorization and protection from liability in respect of any action taken, omitted or suffered by it in good faith and in accordance with the advice or opinion of such counsel. The grant of permissive rights or powers to the Notes Collateral Agent shall not be construed to impose duties to act.

(o)Neither the Notes Collateral Agent nor the Trustee shall be liable for delays or failures in performance resulting from acts beyond its control. Such acts shall include but not be limited to acts of God, strikes, lockouts, riots, acts of war, epidemics, governmental regulations superimposed after the fact, fire, communication line failures, computer viruses, power failures, earthquakes or other disasters. Neither the Notes Collateral Agent nor the Trustee shall be liable for any indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages (included but not limited to lost profits) whatsoever, even if it has been informed of the likelihood thereof and regardless of the form of action.

(p)The Notes Collateral Agent does not assume any responsibility for any failure or delay in performance or any breach by the Company or any other Grantor under this Indenture and the Collateral Documents. The Notes Collateral Agent shall not be responsible to the Holders or any other Person for any recitals, statements, information, representations or warranties contained in this Indenture, the Collateral Documents or in any certificate, report, statement, or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Notes Collateral Agent under or in connection with, this Indenture or any Collateral Document; the execution, validity, genuineness, effectiveness or enforceability of any Collateral Documents of any other party thereto; the genuineness, enforceability, collectability, value, sufficiency, location or existence of any Collateral, or the validity, effectiveness, enforceability, sufficiency, extent, perfection or priority of any Lien therein; the validity, enforceability or collectability of any Notes Obligations; the assets, liabilities, financial condition, results of operations, business, creditworthiness or legal status of any obligor; or for any failure of any obligor to perform its Notes Obligations under this Indenture and the Collateral Documents. The Notes Collateral Agent shall have no obligation to any Holder or any other Person to ascertain or inquire into the existence of any Default or Event of Default, the observance or performance by any obligor of any terms of this Indenture and the Collateral Documents, or the satisfaction of any conditions precedent contained in this Indenture and any Collateral Documents. The Notes Collateral Agent shall not be required to initiate or conduct any litigation or collection or other proceeding under this Indenture and the Collateral Documents unless expressly set forth hereunder or thereunder. The Notes Collateral Agent shall have the right at any time to seek instructions from the Holders with respect to the administration of this Indenture and the Collateral Documents.

95

(q)The parties hereto and the Holders hereby agree and acknowledge that neither the Notes Collateral Agent nor the Trustee shall assume, be responsible for or otherwise be obligated for any liabilities, claims, causes of action, suits, losses, allegations, requests, demands, penalties, fines, settlements, damages (including foreseeable and unforeseeable), judgments, expenses and costs (including but not limited to, any remediation, corrective action, response, removal or remedial action, or investigation, operations and maintenance or monitoring costs, for personal injury or property damages, real or personal) of any kind whatsoever, pursuant to any environmental law as a result of this Indenture, the Collateral Documents or any actions taken pursuant hereto or thereto. Further, the parties hereto and the Holders hereby agree and acknowledge that in the exercise of its rights under this Indenture and the Collateral Documents, the Notes Collateral Agent may hold or obtain indicia of ownership primarily to protect the security interest of the Notes Collateral Agent in the Collateral and that any such actions taken by the Notes Collateral Agent shall not be construed as or otherwise constitute any participation in the management of such Collateral. In the event that the Notes Collateral Agent or the Trustee is required to acquire title to an asset for any reason, or take any managerial action of any kind in regard thereto, in order to carry out any fiduciary or trust obligation for the benefit of another, which in either of the Notes Collateral Agent or the Trustees sole discretion may cause the Notes Collateral Agent or the Trustee, as applicable, to be considered an owner or operator under the provisions of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA), 42 U.S.C. 9601, et seq., or otherwise cause the Notes Collateral Agent or the Trustee to incur liability under CERCLA or any other federal, state or local law, each of the Notes Collateral Agent and the Trustee reserves the right, instead of taking such action, to either resign as the Notes Collateral Agent or the Trustee or arrange for the transfer of the title or control of the asset to a court-appointed receiver. Neither the Notes Collateral Agent nor the Trustee shall be liable to the Company, the Note Guarantors or any other Person for any environmental claims or contribution actions under any federal, state or local law, rule or regulation by reason of either of the Notes Collateral Agents or the Trustees actions and conduct as authorized, empowered and directed hereunder or relating to the discharge, release or threatened release of hazardous materials into the environment. If at any time it is necessary or advisable for property to be possessed, owned, operated or managed by any Person (including the Notes Collateral Agent or the Trustee) other than the Company or the Note Guarantors, or the Majority Holders shall direct the Notes Collateral Agent or the Trustee to appoint an appropriately qualified Person (excluding the Notes Collateral Agent or the Trustee) who they shall designate to possess, own, operate or manage, as the case may be, the property.

(r)Upon the receipt by the Notes Collateral Agent of a written request of the Company signed by an Officer (a Collateral Document Order), the Notes Collateral Agent is hereby authorized to execute and enter into, and shall execute and enter into, without the further consent of any Holder or the Trustee, any Collateral Document to be executed after the Issue Date. Such Collateral Document Order shall (i) state that it is being delivered to the Notes Collateral Agent pursuant to, and is a Collateral Document Order referred to in, this Section 18.07(s), and (ii) instruct the Notes Collateral Agent to execute and enter into such Collateral Document. Any such execution of a Collateral Document shall be at the direction and expense of the Company, upon delivery to the Notes Collateral Agent of an Officers Certificate stating that all conditions precedent to the execution and delivery of the Collateral Document have been satisfied. The Holders, by their acceptance of the Notes, hereby authorize and direct the Notes Collateral Agent to execute such Collateral Documents.

(s)Subject to the provisions of the applicable Collateral Documents, each Holder, by acceptance of the Notes, agrees that the Notes Collateral Agent shall execute and deliver the Collateral Documents to which it is a party and all agreements, documents and instruments incidental thereto, and act in accordance with the terms thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, the Notes Collateral Agent shall have no discretion under this Indenture or the Collateral Documents and shall not be required to make or give any determination, consent, approval, request or direction without the written direction of the Majority Holders or the Trustee, as applicable.

(t)After the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, the Trustee, acting at the direction of the Majority Holders (provided, that if M-Cor beneficially ownsat least the M-Cor Minimum Amount of Notes, such Majority Holders must include M-Cor), may direct the Notes Collateral Agent in connection with any action required or permitted by this Indenture, the Collateral Documents.

96

(u)The Notes Collateral Agent is authorized to receive any funds for the benefit of itself, the Trustee and the Holders distributed under the Collateral Documents, for turnover to the Trustee to make further distributions of such funds to itself, the Trustee and the Holders in accordance with the provisions of Section6.05 and the other provisions of this Indenture.

(v)In each case that the Notes Collateral Agent may or is required hereunder or under any Collateral Document to take any action (an Action), including without limitation to make any determination, to give consents, to exercise rights, powers or remedies, to release or sell Collateral or otherwise to act hereunder or under any Collateral Document, the Notes Collateral Agent may seek direction from the Majority Holders (provided, that if M-Cor beneficially ownsat least the M-Cor Minimum Amount of Notes, such Majority Holders must include M-Cor). The Notes Collateral Agent shall not be liable with respect to any Action taken or omitted to be taken by it in accordance with the direction from the Majority Holders (provided, that if M-Cor beneficially ownsat least the M-Cor Minimum Amount of Notes, such Majority Holders must include M-Cor). If the Notes Collateral Agent shall request direction from the Majority Holders (provided, that if M-Cor beneficially ownsat least the M-Cor Minimum Amount of Notes, such Majority Holders must include M-Cor) with respect to any Action, the Notes Collateral Agent shall be entitled to refrain from such Action unless and until the Notes Collateral Agent shall have received direction from the Majority Holders (provided, that if M-Cor beneficially ownsat least the M-Cor Minimum Amount of Notes, such Majority Holders must include M-Cor), and the Notes Collateral Agent shall not incur liability to any Person by reason of so refraining.

(w)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or in any Collateral Document, in no event shall the Notes Collateral Agent or the Trustee be responsible for, or have any duty or obligation with respect to, the recording, filing, registering, perfection, protection or maintenance of the security interests or Liens intended to be created by this Indenture or the Collateral Documents (including without limitation the filing or continuation of any UCC financing or continuation statements or similar documents or instruments), nor shall the Notes Collateral Agent or the Trustee be responsible for, and neither the Notes Collateral Agent nor the Trustee makes any representation regarding, the validity, effectiveness or priority of any of the Collateral Documents or the security interests or Liens intended to be created thereby.

(x)Before the Notes Collateral Agent acts or refrains from acting in each case at the request or direction of the Company or the Note Guarantors, it may require an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, which shall conform to the provisions of this Section18.07 and Section 17.05; provided that no Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel shall be required in connection with the Collateral Documents to be entered by the Notes Collateral Agent on the Issue Date. The Notes Collateral Agent shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such certificate.

(y)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Notes Collateral Agent shall act pursuant to the instructions of the Holders and the Trustee with respect to the Collateral Documents and the Collateral.

(z)The rights, privileges, benefits, immunities, indemnities and other protections given to the Trustee are extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Notes Collateral Agent as if the Notes Collateral Agent were named as the Trustee herein and the Collateral Documents were named as this Indenture herein.(aa)Section7.02 and Section7.06 of this Indenture shall apply mutatismutandis to the Notes Collateral Agent in its capacity as such.

[Remainderofpageintentionallyleftblank]

97

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

NEXTNAVINC., as issuer

By:

Name: Chris Gates

Title: Chief Financial Officer

NEXTNAV HOLDINGS, LLC, as guarantor

By:

Name: Chris Gates

Title: Chief Financial Officer

NEXTNAV INTERMEDIATE

HOLDCO, LLC, as guarantor

By:

Name: Chris Gates

Title: Chief Financial Officer

NEXTNAV,LLC, as guarantor

By:

Name: Chris Gates

Title: Chief Financial Officer

PROGENY LMS, LLC, as guarantor

By:

Name: Chris Gates

Title: Chief Financial Officer

98

COMMLABS,INC., as guarantor

By:

Name: Chris Gates

Title: Chief Financial Officer

GLAS TRUST COMPANY LLC, as Trustee

By:

Name: 

Title: 

GLAS TRUST COMPANYLLC, as Notes Collateral Agent

By:

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Indenture]

99

EXHIBIT A

[FORM OF FACE OF NOTE]

[INCLUDE FOLLOWING LEGEND IF A RESTRICTED SECURITY]

[THIS SECURITY AND THE COMMON STOCK, IF ANY, ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER:

AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF NEXTNAV INC. (THE COMPANY) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, EXCEPT:

(A)TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, OR

(B)PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

(C)PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CLAUSE (2)(C) ABOVE, THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.]

THIS SECURITY REPRESENTED BY THIS INSTRUMENT IS ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT FOR PURPOSES OF SECTION 1271 ET SEQ. OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED. A HOLDER MAY OBTAIN THE ISSUE PRICE, AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT, ISSUE DATE AND YIELD TO MATURITY FOR SUCH NOTE BY SUBMITTING A REQUEST FOR SUCH INFORMATION TO THE COMPANY AT THE FOLLOWING ADDRESS: NEXTNAV INC., 11911 FREEDOM DRIVE, STE. 200, RESTON, VA 20190, ATTENTION: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER.

NEXTNAV INC.

5.00% Senior Secured Convertible Note due 2028

No. [] 

$[]

[CUSIP No. [_______]]

NextNav Inc., a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company, which term includes any successor corporation or other entity under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof), for value received hereby promises to pay to [], or registered assigns, the principal sum of $[________], which amount, taken together with the principal amounts of all other outstanding Notes, shall not, unless permitted by the Indenture, exceed $190.0 million in aggregate at any time,on June 30, 2028, and interest thereon as set forth below.

This Note shall bear interest at the rate of 5.00% per year from [], 2025, or from the most recent date to which interest had been paid or provided for to, but excluding, the next scheduled Interest Payment Date until June 30, 2028. Any interest on this Note shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year composed of twelve 30-day months and, for partial months, on the basis of actual days elapsed over a 30-day month. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on each June 1 and December 1, commencing on June 1, 2025, to Holders of record at the close of business on the preceding May 15 and November 15 (whether or not such day is a Business Day), respectively. Additional Interest will be payable as set forth in Section 4.06(d), Section 4.06(e) and Section 6.03 of the within-mentioned Indenture, and any reference to interest on, or in respect of, any Note therein shall be deemed to include Additional Interest if, in such context, Additional Interest is, was or would be payable pursuant to any of such Section 4.06(d), Section 4.06(e) or Section 6.03, and any express mention of the payment of Additional Interest in any provision therein shall not be construed as excluding Additional Interest in those provisions thereof where such express mention is not made.

A-1

Any Defaulted Amounts shall accrue interest per annum at the rate borne by the Notes, plus an amount of Additional Interest as set forth in Section6.03(a) of the Indenture, subject to the enforceability thereof under applicable law, from, and including, the relevant payment date to, but excluding, the date on which such Defaulted Amounts shall have been paid by the Company, at its election, in accordance with Section2.03(c) of the Indenture.

The Company shall pay or cause the Paying Agent to pay the principal of and interest on this Note in immediately available funds to the registered Holder of such Note. As provided in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Company shall pay or cause the Paying Agent to pay the principal of any Notes at the office or agency designated by the Company for that purpose. The Company has initially designated the Trustee as its Paying Agent and Note Registrar in respect of the Notes and the Corporate Trust Office as a place where Notes may be presented for payment or for registration of transfer and exchange.

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, including, without limitation, provisions giving the Holder of this Note the right to convert this Note into shares of Common Stock on the terms and subject to the limitations set forth in the Indenture. Such further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as though fully set forth at this place.

ThisNote,andanyclaim,controversyordisputearisingunderorrelatedtothisNote,shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York(withoutregardtotheconflictsoflawsprovisionsthereof).

In the case of any conflict between this Note and the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall control and govern.

This Note shall not be valid or become obligatory for any purpose until the certificate of authentication hereon shall have been signed manually by the Trustee or a duly authorized authenticating agent under the Indenture.

[Remainderofpageintentionallyleftblank]

A-2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Note to be duly executed.

NEXTNAV INC.

By:

Name: 

Title:

Dated:

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

GLAS TRUST COMPANY LLC

as Trustee, certifies that this is one of the Notes described 

in the within-named Indenture.

By:

Authorized Signatory

A-3

[FORM OF REVERSE OF NOTE]

NextNav Inc.

5.00% Senior Secured Convertible Note due 2028

This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of the Company, designated as its 5.00% Senior Secured Convertible Notes due 2028 (the Notes), initially limited to the aggregate principal amount of $190.0 million, all issued or to be issued under and pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of [], 2025 (the Indenture), by and among the Company, the Note Guarantors and GLAS Trust Company LLC, as trustee (the Trustee) and notes collateral agent (the Notes CollateralAgent), to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a description of the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities thereunder of the Trustee, the Company and the Holders of the Notes. Capitalized terms used in this Note and not defined in this Note shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Indenture.

In case certain Events of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the principal of, and interest on, all Notes may be declared, by either the Trustee or Holders of at least 20% in aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, and upon said declaration shall become, due and payable, in the manner, with the effect and subject to the conditions and certain exceptions set forth in the Indenture.

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Indenture, the Company will make all payments and deliveries in respect of the Redemption Price on the Redemption Date, in respect of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date and the principal amount on the Maturity Date, as the case may be, to the Holder who surrenders a Note to a Paying Agent to collect such payments in respect of the Note. The Company will pay cash amounts in money of the United States that at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts.

The Indenture contains provisions permitting the Company and the Trustee in certain circumstances, without the consent of the Holders of the Notes, and in certain other circumstances, with the consent of the Majority Holders, evidenced as in the Indenture provided, to execute supplemental indentures modifying the terms of the Indenture and the Notes as described therein. It is also provided in the Indenture that, subject to certain exceptions, the Majority Holders (provided, that if M-Cor beneficially owns at least the M-Cor Minimum Amount of Notes, such Majority Holders must include M-Cor) may on behalf of the Holders of all of the Notes waive any past Default or Event of Default under the Indenture and its consequences.

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay or deliver, as the case may be, the principal (including, if applicable, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or Redemption Price) of, accrued and unpaid interest on, and the consideration due upon conversion of, this Note at the place, at the respective times, at the rate and in the lawful money or shares of Common Stock, as the case may be, herein prescribed.

The Notes are issuable in registered form without coupons in denominations of $1,000 principal amount and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. At the office or agency of the Company referred to on the face hereof, and in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the Indenture, Notes may be exchanged for a like aggregate principal amount of Notes of other authorized denominations, without payment of any service charge but, if required by the Company or Trustee, with payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer or similar tax that is imposed in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of the new Notes issued upon such exchange of Notes being different from the name of the Holder of the old Notes surrendered for such exchange.

Upon the occurrence of a Fundamental Change, the Holder has the right, at such Holders option and subject to the limitations set forth in the Indenture, to require the Company to repurchase for cash all of such Holders Notes or any portion thereof (in principal amounts of $1,000 or integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof) on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date at a price equal to the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price.

Subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder hereof has the right, at its option, to convert this Note or any portion thereof that is $1,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof, into shares of Common Stock, at an initial conversion rate of 79.6178 shares per $1,000 principal amount of this Note (subject to adjustment as provided in Article 14 of the Indenture, the Conversion Rate).

This Note is guaranteed, as set forth in the Indenture, and is secured by Liens on certain Collateral as specified in the Indenture and the Collateral Documents.

A-4

ABBREVIATIONS

The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription of the face of this Note, shall be construed as though they were written out in full according to applicable laws or regulations:

TEN COM = as tenants in common

UNIF GIFT MIN ACT = Uniform Gifts to Minors Act CUST = Custodian

TEN ENT = as tenants by the entireties

JT TEN = joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list.

A-5

ATTACHMENT 1

[FORM OF NOTICE OF CONVERSION]

To: GLAS Trust Company LLC

3 Second Street, Suite 206

Jersey City, NJ 07311

United States of America

Attention: TMGUS / NEXTNAV INC.

The undersigned registered owner of this Note hereby exercises the option to convert this Note, or the portion hereof (that is $1,000 principal amount or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) below designated into shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the Indenture referred to in this Note, and directs that any shares of Common Stock issuable and deliverable upon such conversion, together with any cash for any fractional share, and any Notes representing any unconverted principal amount hereof, be issued and delivered to the registered Holder hereof unless a different name has been indicated below. If any shares of Common Stock or any portion of this Note not converted are to be issued in the name of a Person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer taxes, if any in accordance withSection 14.02(d) andSection 14.02(e) of the Indenture. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture.

Dated: _____________________

________________________________

Signature(s)

___________________________

Signature Guarantee

Signature(s) must be guaranteed

by an eligible Guarantor Institution

(banks, stock brokers, savings and

loan associations and credit unions)

with membership in an approved

signature guarantee medallion program

pursuant to Securities and Exchange

Commission Rule 17Ad-15 if shares

of Common Stock are to be issued, or

Notes are to be delivered, other than

to and in the name of the registered holder.

Fill in for registration of shares if

to be issued, and Notes if to

be delivered, other than to and in the

name of the registered holder:

_________________________

(Name)

_________________________

(Street Address)

_________________________

(City, State and Zip Code)

Please print name and address

Principal amount to be converted (if less than all): $______,000

NOTICE: The above signature(s) of the Holder(s) hereof must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever.

_________________________

Social Security or Other Taxpayer

Identification Number

A-6

ATTACHMENT 2

[FORM OF FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE REPURCHASE NOTICE]

To: GLAS Trust Company LLC

3 Second Street, Suite 206

Jersey City, NJ 07311

United States of America

Attention: TMGUS / NEXTNAV INC.

The undersigned registered owner of this Note hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from NextNav Inc. (the Company) as to the occurrence of a Fundamental Change with respect to the Company and specifying the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date and requests and instructs the Company to pay to the registered holder hereof in accordance withSection 16.03 of the Indenture referred to in this Note (1) the entire principal amount of this Note, or the portion thereof (that is $1,000 principal amount or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) below designated, and (2) if such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date does not fall during the period after a Regular Record Date and on or prior to the corresponding Interest Payment Date, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to, but excluding, such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture.

The certificate numbers of the Notes to be repurchased are as set forth below.

Certificate Numbers:

Dated: ____________

________________________________

Signature(s)

_________________________

Social Security or Other Taxpayer

Identification Number

Principal amount to be repaid (if less than all): $______,000

NOTICE: The above signature(s) of the Holder(s) hereof must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever.

A-7

ATTACHMENT 3

[FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND TRANSFER]

For value received_________hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto_________(Please insert social security or Taxpayer Identification Number of assignee) the within Note, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints _________attorney to transfer the said Note on the books of the Company, with full power of substitution in the premises.

In connection with any transfer of the within Note, the undersigned confirms that such Note is being transferred:

To NextNav Inc. or a subsidiary thereof; or 

Pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; or 

Pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any other available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Dated:__________

Signature(s)

Signature Guarantee 

Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an 

eligible Guarantor Institution (banks, stock 

brokers, savings and loan associations and 

credit unions) with membership in an approved 

signature guarantee medallion program pursuant 

to Securities and Exchange Commission 

Rule 17Ad-15 if Notes are to be delivered, other 

than to and in the name of the registered holder.

NOTICE: The signature on the assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever.

A-8

EXHIBIT B

[FORM OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

TO BE DELIVERED BY SUBSEQUENT NOTE GUARANTORS]

[_________] Supplemental Indenture (this Supplemental Indenture), dated as of _________, [between][among]_________(the Guaranteeing Subsidiary), a subsidiary of NextNav Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and GLAS Trust Company LLC, as trustee (the Trustee) and notes collateral agent (the Notes Collateral Agent).

WITNESSETH

WHEREAS, each of the Company and the Note Guarantors has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent an indenture, dated as of [], 2025 (the Indenture), providing for the issuance of 5.00% Senior Secured Convertible Notes due 2028 in an initial aggregate principal amount not to exceed $190.0 million (the Notes);

WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant to which the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall unconditionally and absolutely guarantee all of the Companys Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture on the terms and conditions set forth herein and under the Indenture (the Guarantee); and

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 10.01 of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture without the consent of Holders.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:

(1)Capitalized Terms. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

(2)Agreement to Guarantee. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary hereby agrees to be a Note Guarantor under the Indenture and to be bound by the terms of the Indenture applicable to a Note Guarantor, including, but not limited to, Article13 thereof.

(3)Execution and Delivery. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary agrees that the Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the absence of the endorsement of any notation of such Guarantee on the Notes.

(4)Governing Law. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

(5)Counterparts. The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent one and the same agreement. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile, PDF or other electronic transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture and signature pages for all purposes. Any signature (including, without limitation, (x) any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record and (y) any facsimile, E-pencil or.pdf signature) hereto or to any other certificate, agreement or document related to this Supplemental Indenture, and any contract formation or record-keeping, in each case, through electronic means, shall have the same legal validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based record-keeping system to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing also applies to any amendment, extension or renewal of this Supplemental Indenture. Each of the parties to this Supplemental Indenture represents and warrants to the other parties that it has the corporate capacity and authority to execute this Supplemental Indenture through electronic means and there are no restrictions for doing so in that partys constitutive documents.

(6)Effect of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.

B-1

(7)The Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent. Neither the Trustee nor the Notes Collateral Agent shall be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiary.

(8)Benefits Acknowledged. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by the Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture and that the guarantee and waivers made by it pursuant to this Guarantee are knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the date first above written.

[GUARANTEEING SUBSIDIARY]

By:

Name:

Title:

GLAS TRUST COMPANY LLC,

By:

Name:

Title:

GLAS TRUST COMPANY LLC, as Notes Collateral Agent

By:

Name:

Title:

B-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>img31414b91b7334877a1d2.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>img4514a89b68644aaa83fa.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>img4dc4fcfeac4a4e0e8b30.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>imga79cb734fca848209087.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>imgdb06d6757d094d678f87.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>imgf6501b7a8800483aa6bf.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>imgfac8f64bc3cf43bbbdb0.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 12, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 12, 2025

Entity Registrant Name NEXTNAV INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001865631

Entity File Number 001-40985

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-0854654

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 11911 Freedom Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Ste. 200

Entity Address, City or Town Reston

Entity Address, State or Province VA

City Area Code 800

Local Phone Number 775-0982

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 20190

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol NN

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each to purchase one share of Common Stock 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each to purchase one share of Common Stock

Trading Symbol NNAVW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=nn_CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=nn_WarrantsEachToPurchaseOneShareOfCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://nextnav.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

nn-20250312.htm 
nn-20250312.xsd 
nn-20250312_cal.xml 
nn-20250312_def.xml 
nn-20250312_lab.xml 
nn-20250312_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-023403-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>nn-20250312_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001865631 

2025-03-12 
2025-03-12 

0001865631 

nn:WarrantsEachToPurchaseOneShareOfCommonStockMember 

2025-03-12 
2025-03-12 

0001865631 

nn:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-03-12 
2025-03-12 

0001865631 
false 
8-K 
2025-03-12 
NEXTNAV INC. 
DE 
001-40985 
87-0854654 
11911 Freedom Drive 
Ste. 200 
Reston 
VA 
20190 
800 
775-0982 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
NN 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each to purchase one share of Common Stock 
NNAVW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>