<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001829126-25-001770.txt : 20250314
<SEC-HEADER>0001829126-25-001770.hdr.sgml : 20250314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250314060026
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-25-001770
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250310
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001130166
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				911766850
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50626
		FILM NUMBER:		25737490

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 CONNELL DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1500
		CITY:			BERKELEY HEIGHTS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07922
		BUSINESS PHONE:		908-517-7330

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 CONNELL DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1500
		CITY:			BERKELEY HEIGHTS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07922

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	XCYTE THERAPIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001218
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>cyclacel_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000113016600011301662025-03-102025-03-100001130166cycc:CommonStockParValue0.001PerShareMember2025-03-102025-03-100001130166cycc:PreferredStock0.001ParValueMember2025-03-102025-03-10iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

March 10, 2025

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported)

Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 0-50626 91-1707622

(State or other
jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

200 Connell Drive,Suite 1500

Berkeley Heights, NJ07922

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip code)

(908) 517-7330

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share CYCC The Nasdaq Capital Market 

Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value CYCCP The Nasdaq Capital Market 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 10, 2025, Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company) entered into an Agreement for the Sale and Purchase of Certain Assets (the Purchase
Agreement) with Cyclacel Limited, a United Kingdom-based wholly owned subsidiary of the Company that is currently in liquidation
(Cyclacel Limited), along with Carrie James and James Hopkirk, the liquidators of Cyclacel Limited effective as of January
24, 2025 (the Liquidators). Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to purchase, and Cyclacel Limited
agreed to sell, with the approval of the Liquidators, certain assets (the Assets) of Cyclacel Limited related to Plogosertib,
a polo-like kinase 1 (PLK 1) inhibitor for treatment of in esophageal cancer and acute leukemia (Plogo), for
a purchase price of 250,000 (exclusive of VAT).

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company
further agreed to dispose of the Assets, if ever, only for cash consideration (a Subsequent Disposal).
In the event of any Subsequent Disposal, the Company agreed to pay the surplus (without any set-off, counterclaim, deduction or withholding,
other than any deduction or withholding of tax as required by law) to Cyclacel Limited within 14 days of the receipt by the Company of
the consideration or part consideration for the Subsequent Disposal whenever it is received (the Surplus). The Purchase
Agreement defines Surplus as an amount equal to 50% of the difference between the consideration being received by the Buyer upon
a Subsequent Disposal and the greater of: (i) the sum of 250,000; or (ii) 250,000 plus all direct costs incurred by the Company
in the research or development of the Assets (including the manufacture of Plogosertib or product to be used in development) or in relation
to the patent rights following the closing of the Purchase Agreement.

In connection with the Companys entry into
the Purchase Agreement, the Company, Cyclacel Limited and the Liquidators also entered into an Assignment of Patent Rights Agreement dated
March 10, 2025 (the Patent Assignment Agreement), whereby Cyclacel Limited assigned to the Company all of its rights, title
and interest in certain patent rights related to Plogo, as described in greater detail in the Purchase Agreement.

The foregoing description of the material terms
of the Purchase Agreement and the Patent Assignment Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of such agreements, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and 10.1 respectively, and each of which is incorporated
herein in its entirety by reference.

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition
of Assets. 

The information set forth in Item 1.01 is incorporated
herein by reference.

1

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

2.1*+ Agreement for the Sale and Purchase of Certain Assets dated March 10, 2025 by and between Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Cyclacel Limited, and with Carrie James and James Hopkirk, the liquidators of Cyclacel Limited

10.1* Assignment of Patent Rights Agreement dated March 10, 2025 by and between Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Cyclacel Limited, and with Carrie James and James Hopkirk, the liquidators of Cyclacel Limited

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* Furnished herewith.

+ Certain confidential portions of this Exhibit were omitted by
means of marking such portions with brackets ([****]) because the identified confidential portions (i) are not material
and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed.

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 14, 2025 Cyclacel
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

By: /s/
Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee

Name: Datuk
Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>cyclacel_ex2-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit
2.1

THE SYMBOL [****] DENOTES PLACES
WHERE CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS

BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS
BOTH (i) NOT MATERIAL, AND

(ii) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED

DATED
10 MARCH 2025

(1)
CYCLACEL LIMITED (IN LIQUIDATION)

AND

(2)CARRIE JAMES and JAMES HOPKIRK as JOINT LIQUIDATORS

and

(3)
CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS, Inc

Agreement
for the sale and purchase of certain assets of Cyclacel Limited (In Liquidation)

Kings
House 36-37 King Street London EC2V 8BB

Tel:
0203 675 7575 DX: 42624 Cheapside

(Ref:
AWO/750920C.4)

CONTENTS

CLAUSE

1. Interpretation 1

2. Agreement to sell and buy 6

3. Purchase Price 6

4. Payment and Completion 7

5. Third party assets 10

6. ROT assets 11

7. Value added tax 11

8. Joint Liquidators liability and status of claims 11

9. Exclusions 12

10. Confidentiality and announcements 13

11. Further assurance 15

12. Buyers Warranties 15

13. Assignment 16

14. Whole agreement 16

15. Variation 16

16. Costs 17

17. Notice 17

18. Interest on late payment 18

19. Severance 18

20. Contra proferentem 19

21. Third party rights 19

22. Successors 19

23. Counterparts 19

24. Governing law and jurisdiction 19

SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE
1 ASSETS 20

Schedule 2 Plogosertib Identifiers 21

Schedule 3 Deed of Assignment 22

i

Parties

(1) CYCLACEL
LIMITED (IN LIQUIDATION), a company incorporated in England and Wales (company number 1671088) whose registered office
is Montague Place, Quayside, Chatham Maritime, Kent England, ME4 4QU (Seller) acting through the Joint Liquidators
(as defined below);

(2) CARRIE
JAMES and JAMES HOPKIRK of Oury Clark, 10 John Street, London, WC1N 2EB and Kreston Reeves LLP, Montague Place,
Quayside, Chatham Maritime, Kent ME4 4QU respectively (Joint Liquidators)

(3) CYCLACEL
PHARMACEUTICALS, Inc., incorporated in Delaware whose office is at 200 Connell Drive, Suite 1500, Berkeley Heights, NJ
07922, United States of America (Buyer)

BACKGROUND

(A) The
Joint Liquidators were appointed as liquidators of the Seller on 24 January 2025 by resolution of the members and creditors
of the Seller passed at a decision-making process by deemed consent held on 24 January 2025

(B) The
Seller has agreed to sell and the Buyer has agreed to purchase (subject to the pre-emption provisions contained herein) such
right, title and interest as the Seller has in the Assets, on the terms and conditions of this agreement.

(C) The
Joint Liquidators have entered into this agreement solely for the purpose of obtaining the benefit of the provisions in their
favour and shall incur no personal liability of any kind under or in connection with this agreement.

Agreed
terms

1. Interpretation

1.1 The
definitions and rules of interpretation in this clause apply in this agreement unless the context otherwise requires.

Active
Pharmaceutical Ingredient or API: API that is a succinate form of a PLK1 inhibitor in the possession of Onyx Pharmaceutical
Limited

Assets:
the property, rights and assets set out in clause 2.1

Business
Day: a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) when banks in London are open for business.

1

Chemistry
Manufacturing and Control Data or CMC Data: all Know How relating to the manufacture and production processes of API,
drug substance or drug product for any Compound including any drug master file, techniques, manufacturing line procedures,
standard operating procedures (SOPs) quality analysis (QA) and quality control
(QC) processes and techniques, including all related submissions to all and any regulatory authorities
in respect of Plogosertib as defined herein.

Company
Records: other than those pertaining to the Assets, the purchase, sale, stock, personnel, accounting and technical records
in whatever form of the Seller in connection with the Sellers business together with the files and records of the
Seller relating to dealings with suppliers and customers (including prospective suppliers and customers of the Seller) and
the records of the Seller in connection with its business to which a liquidator or HM Revenue and Customs may be entitled
from time to time as a matter of law, but excluding the Liquidators Records;

Completion:
the completion of the sale and purchase of the Assets pursuant to and in accordance with clause 4.

Completion
Date: the date of this agreement.

Compound
means all compounds described in or covered by the Patent Rights or any other compounds that are a pyrimidine derivative
PLK1 inhibitor developed or generated by or upon behalf of the Seller before it was in liquidation including a succinate
form of a PLK1 inhibitor

Deed
of Assignment a deed of assignment of the Patent Rights entered into between the parties on the date of this agreement.

Documents
analyses, books, charts, comments, computations, designs, discs, electronic servers and other storage devices including
flash drives, files, graphs, ledgers, notebooks, paper, photographs, plans, records, recordings, reports, research notes
and any other graphic or written data or other media including (i) Documents containing Know How or on which KnowHow is stored;
and (ii) Documents held in the Iron Mountain store; and (iii) Documents relating to Patent Rights

Encumbrance:
any mortgage, charge (fixed or floating), pledge, lien, hypothecation, trust or other third party right or interest (legal
or equitable) including any assignment by way of security or other security interest of any kind, however created or arising,
or any other agreement or arrangement (including a sale and repurchase agreement or retention of title arrangement) having
similar effect.

Excluded
Assets: the property, rights and assets set out in clause 0 as being excluded from the sale and purchase under this agreement.

HMRC:
HM Revenue & Customs.

2

Other
Intellectual Property Rights: the other intellectual property rights of the Seller in connection with Plogosertib
or the Compounds (subject to any licences already granted in respect of the same) including the copyright and rights in the
nature of copyright, database rights, design rights, trademarks (including all goodwill in them) and domain names, registrations
and applications for registration of any of the above, moral rights, but excluding the Patent Rights and KnowHow.

Interest
Rate: interest at a rate of 5.25% per annum above the base lending rate from time to time of Bank of England.

Joint
Liquidators Records: all books and records, papers and correspondence which the Joint Liquidators (in their sole discretion)
consider relate wholly or partly to the liquidation of the Seller, together with the statutory books of the Seller;

Joint
Liquidators Solicitors: JMW Solicitors LLP of Kings House, 36-37 Kings Street, London, EC2V 8BB.

Know
How all proprietary chemical and biological materials and other tangible materials, inventions, practices, methods,
protocols, formulae, knowledge, know-how, trade secrets, processes, procedures, assays, skills, experience, techniques, information,
data and results of experimentation and testing, including the CMC Data and the Preclinical and Clinical Data whether patentable
or otherwise.

Patent
Rights any and all patents and patent applications relating to or covering pyrimidine derivatives as protein kinase
inhibitors owned by or in the name of the Seller including those set out in Schedule 1 and including provisional and
non-provisional applications, reissues, extensions, substitutions, confirmations, re-registrations, re-examinations, re-validations,
patents of addition, supplementary protection certificates or the equivalents thereof, continuations, continuations-in-part and
divisionals thereof and all foreign counterparts, and the like of any of the foregoing.

Plogosertib:
any Compound on which research or development was conducted by the Seller prior to its liquidation including (i) the novel,
small molecule, selective and potent PLK1 inhibitor as further defined in Schedule 2 of this agreement; and (ii) a succinate
form of a PLK1 inhibitor

Preclinical
and Clinical Data: all data, concerning or in respect of Plogosertib, processed and/or used by the Seller in its preclinical
pharmacological, toxicological or metabolic studies or clinical studies including safety data generated in the clinical study
for which Syneos Health was the CRO (Safety Data).

Purchase
Price: 250,000 (exclusive of VAT).

ROT
Assets: all assets in the possession of the Seller at Completion that are or become subject to an ROT Claim.

3

ROT
Claim: a claim made by a supplier of goods (or a person deriving title from such a supplier) delivered into the possession
of the Buyer under this Agreement for the return of those goods, or for the payment of damages for wrongful interference
with them, conversion of them or trespass to them, in each case on the basis that title to them had not passed to the Seller
before such delivery.

Sellers
Solicitors: JMW Solicitors LLP of Kings House, 36-37 Kings Street, London, EC2V 8BB.

Stock:
all drug substance or drug product containing a Compound that is in the possession, power, custody or control of the Seller
at the Completion Date.

Subsequent
Disposal: any disposal, sale, assignment, transfer or leasing (or series of similar transactions) by the Buyer of the
Assets that is entered into within 24 months from the Completion Date.

Surplus:
an amount equal to 50% of the difference between the consideration being received by the Buyer upon a Subsequent Disposal
and the greater of:

(i) the
sum of 250,000; or

(ii) 250,000
plus all direct costs incurred by the Buyer in the research or development of the Assets (including the manufacture of Plogosertib or
product to be used in development) or in relation to the Patent Rights following the Completion Date

Third
Party Assets: all assets in the possession of the Seller that are on loan, subject to lease, hire purchase, conditional
sale, rental, contract hire or other agreements that do not pass title to the Seller, or of which it is for any reason bailee.

Transaction:
the transaction contemplated by this agreement or any part of that transaction.

VAT:
value added tax chargeable under VATA 1994 and any similar replacement or additional tax.

VATA
1994: Value Added Tax Act 1994.

1.2 Clause,
schedule and paragraph headings do not affect the interpretation of this agreement.

1.3 A
reference to a clause or a schedule is a reference to a clause of, or schedule to, this agreement. A reference to a paragraph
is to a paragraph of the relevant schedule.

1.4 A
person includes a natural person, corporate or unincorporated body (whether or not having separate legal personality).

4

1.5 A
reference to a company shall include any company, corporation or other body corporate, wherever and however incorporated.

1.6 Unless
the context otherwise requires:

(a) words
in the singular include the plural and in the plural include the singular; and

(b) a
reference to one gender includes a reference to the other gender.

1.7 Words
and expressions defined for the purposes of or in connection with any statutory provisions shall, where the context so requires,
be construed as having the same meanings in this agreement.

1.8 Unless
expressly provided otherwise in this agreement, a reference to legislation or a legislative provision is a reference to it
as amended, extended or re-enacted from time to time and reference to legislation or a legislative provision shall include
all subordinate legislation made from time to time under that legislation or legislative provision.

1.9 Writing
or written includes faxes but not email.

1.10 Where
the words include(s), including or in particular are used in this agreement, they are deemed to have
the words without limitation following them.

1.11 Any
obligation in this agreement on the Buyer not to do something includes an obligation not to agree or allow that thing to
be done.

1.12 Any
obligation in this agreement on the Buyer to do something includes an obligation to do that thing at the Buyers own
cost and expense.

1.13 Other
and otherwise are illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding them.

1.14 A
reference to the Joint Liquidators includes both of them jointly and each of them individually.

1.15 A
reference to a claim includes any claim, demand, action or proceeding of any kind, actual or contingent.

1.16 A
reference to a loss includes any loss, damage, cost, charge, penalty, fee or expense.

1.17 A
reference to representatives includes partners, agents, employees, sub-contractors and any other person acting on
behalf of and with the authority of a party.

5

1.18 References
to any English legal terms, for any action, remedy, method of judicial proceeding, legal document, legal status, court, official
or any other legal concept or thing shall, in respect of any jurisdiction other than England, be deemed to include a reference
to what most nearly approximates to the English legal term in that jurisdiction.

1.19 References
to times of the day are, unless the context requires otherwise, to London time and references to a day are to a period of
24 hours running from midnight on the previous day.

2. Agreement
to sell and buy

2.1 Upon
payment of the Purchase Price to the Seller by the Buyer on the Completion Date

the
Seller shall sell and hereby transfers and assigns to the Buyer subject to any Encumbrances such right, title and interest held
by (if any) the Seller in the following assets: - [****]

2.2 For
the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, the following items are not included in the sale under this agreement: [****]

3. Purchase
Price

3.1 The
consideration for the sale and purchase of the Assets shall be the aggregate of the values attributed to the Assets by Hilco
Global, being the Purchase Price.

3.2 The
Purchase Price shall be paid in full, and without set-off, counterclaim or abatement whatsoever, in cash at Completion by
the Buyer to the following account (or in such other manner as the Joint Liquidators may direct): [****]

3.3 The
Seller confirms that the Joint Liquidators or the Joint Liquidators Solicitors may give a good receipt for
all payments to the Seller.

6

4. Payment,
Completion, Delivery and Subsequent Disposal

4.1 Completion
shall take place immediately after the execution of this agreement and, for the avoidance of doubt, once all the requirements
in this clause 4 have been completed. The Buyer hereby warrants that the person or persons signing this agreement and executing
the Deed of Assignment has or have the full authority of the Buyers directors or officers to do so and that the Buyer
is authorised to enter into this agreement and the Deed of Assignment.

4.2 At
Completion, the Buyer shall:

(a) pay
the Purchase Price, together with any VAT if applicable; and

(b) execute
all documents delivered by the Seller that require execution by the Buyer.

4.3 The
Buyer shall fully indemnify the Seller and the Joint Liquidators from and against all claims and losses that may be brought
against or incurred by the Seller or the Joint Liquidators in respect of the Buyers failure to comply with the provisions
of clause 3.

4.4 At
Completion, the Joint Liquidators shall in so far as they are able:-

(a) execute
this agreement.

(b) execute
the Deed of Assignment and the power of attorney.

(c) deliver
to the Buyer all log-in and access codes for any Documents stored electronically.

(d) Provide
copies of the contracts made by the Seller with (i) Onyx Pharmaceuticals for the manufacture of the API; and (ii) Syneos
Health for the conduct of a study and the compilation and reporting of safety data generated in the study; and (iii) Iron
Mountain for the storage of physical Documents together with details of amounts owed to Onyx Pharmaceuticals and Iron Mountain
and communications relating to such debts. For clarity, the Seller shall not be required to deliver the Iron Mountain Documents,
but will facilitate the Buyer to approach those suppliers concerning access to the same.

4.5 Within
3 Business Days of Completion, and subject to production to the Joint Liquidators of an appropriate VAT invoice, the Seller
shall pay (and provide evidence of payment to the Buyer) the fees of the patent attorney firm IP21 in the sum of 3,300
plus VAT for dealing with the European Patent Office and paying the fees (4,200) due for grant of Patent Application
number [****].

7

4.6 Within
3 Business Days of Completion the Joint Liquidators shall instruct Onyx Pharmaceuticals to deliver the API to an address
to be nominated by the Buyer provided that the Buyer first pays Onyx Pharmaceuticals any associated delivery charge.

4.7 Within
5 Business Days of the Completion Date the Joint Liquidators shall, in so far as the Joint Liquidators are able to do so,
cause the Seller to deliver to the Buyer to an address stipulated by the Buyer Documents being or containing Know How.

4.8 Within
5 Business Days of the Completion Date the Joint Liquidators on behalf of the Seller shall instruct Syneos Health in writing
(with a copy to the Buyer) to carry out the activities necessary to conclude the clinical study in relation to which they
were appointed, including compiling the Safety Data and reporting the same, as soon as practicable, and to deliver such Safety
Data to the Buyer to an address stipulated by the Buyer.

4.9 Any
delivery to be effected by the Seller pursuant to this clause 4 shall be to an address within Great Britain if the Seller
is to pay for the costs of so doing. If any delivery to be effected by the Seller shall be to an address outside Great Britain,
the Buyer shall place the Seller in funds in respect of the associated costs of delivery in advance of such delivery. In
either case, and for the avoidance of doubt, the Joint Liquidators shall not be personally liable for any failure by the
delivery company in question, which shall be a reputable delivery service, to complete the delivery in question or to do
so within a reasonable period of time.

4.10 Within 5 Business Days of the Completion Date the Joint Liquidators on behalf of the Seller shall direct D.Young & Co in writing (with a copy to the Buyer) to compile and then deliver up to the Joint Liquidators Solicitors, as soon as possible but no later than 20 Business Days following the date of the instruction and at the cost and expense of the Seller (if any), all Documents in D. Young & Cos possession power, custody or control relating to the [****]. The Joint Liquidators shall cause their solicitors to deliver the Documents received from D.Young & Co to a patent attorney nominated by the Buyer and based in the UK as soon as practicable following their receipt.

4.11 Save
where otherwise stated in this agreement, the Seller acknowledges and agrees that the Buyer shall not be responsible for
any debts or liabilities of the Seller of whatsoever nature to any person whatsoever, including D Young & Co, Syneos
Health or Onyx Pharmaceuticals whether those debts or liabilities relate to the Assets or otherwise.

8

4.12 The
Buyer agrees that it will only make any Subsequent Disposal for a cash consideration. In the event of any Subsequent Disposal
the Buyer shall pay the Surplus (without any set-off, counterclaim, deduction or withholding, other than any deduction or
withholding of tax as required by law) to the Seller within 14 days of the receipt by the Buyer of the consideration or part
consideration for the Subsequent Disposal whenever it is received. The Buyer agrees that any payment due pursuant to this
Clause 4.4 is in addition to the Purchase Price.

4.13 The
timing of the payment of the Surplus shall be of the essence. Late payment shall incur interest at 5% per annum above the
base rate of the Bank of England from time to time.

4.14 The
Buyer shall obtain fair value customary in an arms-length transaction of the type proposed by it for any Subsequent Disposal.
When starting to implement a Subsequent Disposal the Buyer shall use reasonable efforts to obtain competitive bids for that
Subsequent Disposal whether as part of a formal process or otherwise. The Buyer shall inform the Seller of the nature of
the Subsequent Disposal being planned and the processes being employed to attempt to obtain competitive bids and shall provide
satisfactory (at the discretion of the Joint Liquidators, acting reasonably) evidence of the same to the Joint Liquidators.
The Buyer shall not be under any liability to the Seller if the circumstances are such that obtaining competitive bids is
impossible.

4.15 The
Buyer will within 5 Business Days of the closing of any Subsequent Disposal notify in writing the Joint Liquidators and the
Seller of the consideration received for the Subsequent Disposal and the amount of the Surplus that will arise upon such
Subsequent Disposal.

4.16 Should
the Surplus, together with any accrued interest in the event of late payment, not be paid when due, the Seller and the Joint
Liquidators shall be indemnified by the Buyer in respect of any legal fees and other costs incurred in the pursuance of payment
of the Surplus.

4.17 Any
dispute about the calculation of the Surplus, if maintained on bona fide grounds, shall be referred to and independent valuation
agent at a firm in England (Expert). Such referral shall be triggered by the provision of a written
notice by either party proposing an Expert (Proposal) and the parties shall then use their best endeavours
to agree to the identity, and terms of appointment of, the Expert within 14 Business Days of the Proposal.

4.18 Should
the Parties fail to instruct an Expert in accordance with clause 4.15 above, either party shall be entitled to request that
Hilco Global be appointed as the Expert. The costs of the Expert shall be borne equally by the Parties.

4.19 The
decision of the Expert shall be final and binding upon the Parties, absent written agreement being reached by them to the
contrary.

9

5. Third
Party Assets

5.1 The
Buyer acknowledges that some assets of which possession passes from the Seller to the Buyer may belong to persons other than
the Seller and that such assets are not the subject of any sale under this agreement.

5.2 Where
possession is given to the Buyer of any Third Party Assets, the Buyer shall:

(a) hold
the Third Party Assets as bailee;

(b) have
no title to nor further right to possess or use any of the Third Party Assets;

(c) not
hold itself out as owner of any of the Third Party Assets;

(d) at
its own expense, maintain the Third Party Assets in as good condition as they were in at the time of Completion (subject
to normal wear and tear);

(e) not
sell, charge or otherwise encumber or dispose of any of the Third Party Assets; and

(f) allow
the Joint Liquidators, the Seller, the owners of the Third Party Assets and their respective representatives, to have access
to the Third Party Assets at any reasonable time, to enable them to inspect, remove or otherwise deal with them.

5.3 The
Buyer shall use all reasonable endeavours to obtain the consent of the owners of the Third Party Assets to the Buyers
continued possession, use or purchase of them. Neither the Joint Liquidators nor the Seller shall object to or hinder any
arrangements that the Buyer may wish to make in this respect provided that the Buyer shall not make any such arrangement
with the owner or person entitled to such assets unless such arrangements include waivers in full (a) of any claim that the
owner may have against the Joint Liquidators (whether for conversion, trespass to goods or on any other account), and (b)
of any claim made as an expense of the liquidation for the payment of any monies in respect of such Third Party Assets or
their use. Subject to this and to the requirements of clause 11 the Seller shall execute such documents as the Buyer may
reasonably require.

5.4 If
the owner of any Third Party Asset refuses to sell it or otherwise make it available to the Buyer, the Buyer shall forthwith
deliver up such item for collection and removal by the owner and notify the Seller of such delivery up.

5.5 The
Buyer shall fully indemnify the Seller and the Joint Liquidators from and against all claims and losses that may be brought
against or incurred by the Seller or the Joint Liquidators in respect of any or all of the Third Party Assets insofar as
such matters relate to the period, or any event occurring, after the making of this agreement.

10

6. ROT
Assets

6.1 The
Buyer acknowledges that some assets of which possession passes from the Seller to the Buyer may be ROT Assets and that such
assets are not the subject of any sale under this agreement.

6.2 Where
possession is given to the Buyer of any ROT Assets, the Buyer shall:

(a) hold
the ROT Assets as bailee;

(b) have
no title to nor further right to possess any of the ROT Assets;

(c) not
hold itself out as owner of any of the ROT Assets;

(d) not
charge or otherwise encumber any of the ROT Assets;

(e) store,
maintain and insure the ROT Assets at its own expense;

(f) allow
the Joint Liquidators, the Seller, the owners of the ROT Assets and their respective representatives to have access to the
ROT Assets at any reasonable time, to enable them to inspect, remove or otherwise deal with them.

6.3 From
Completion, the Buyer shall promptly inform the Joint Liquidators and the Seller of any information received by it in respect
of any ROT Claims.

6.4 The
Buyer shall fully indemnify the Seller and the Joint Liquidators from and against all claims and losses that may be brought
against or incurred by the Seller or the Joint Liquidators in respect of any or all of the ROT Assets.

6.5 Where
it is established by agreement between the Joint Liquidators and the relevant claimant or by court order that an ROT Claim
in relation to an ROT Asset possession of which has passed to the Buyer is not valid and enforceable, such right, title and
interest (if any) as the Seller has in the ROT Asset the subject of that ROT Claim will pass to the Buyer on the date of
that agreement or court order.

7. Value
added tax

All
amounts payable by the Buyer pursuant to this agreement are exclusive of VAT, and the Buyer shall in addition pay an amount equal
to any VAT chargeable on those sums on presentation of a VAT invoice.

8. Joint
Liquidators liability and status of claims

8.1 The
Buyer agrees that the Joint Liquidators have entered into and signed this Agreement as the agents of the Seller.

11

8.2 Neither
the Joint Liquidators, their firm, employees, agents or advisors shall incur any personal liability whatsoever under this
agreement or under any other agreement, instrument or document entered into pursuant to or in connection with it or in relation
to any related matter or claim however, whenever and wherever arising.

8.3 Neither
the Joint Liquidators nor their firm, staff, agents and employees shall be liable on any deed or document executed with a
view, or for the purpose, of putting this agreement into effect whether or not such deed or document so provides in terms
and the Joint Liquidators shall be entitled at any time to have any such deeds or documents amended at any time to include
an exclusion of personal liability in the terms of clause 8.2

8.4 Save
where expressly provided to the contrary, the Joint Liquidators are a party to this agreement solely for the purpose receiving
the benefit of the indemnities and exclusions conferred on them by this agreement.

8.5 No
sums due from the Joint Liquidators or the Seller arising directly or indirectly out of the terms of this agreement shall
be charged or payable as a cost or expense of the liquidation,but shall rank (subject to that claim being allowed by law
to rank as an unsecured claim) only as an unsecured claim against the Seller.

9. Exclusions

9.1 Subject
to clause 9.5, all representations, warranties, conditions, guarantees and stipulations, express or implied, statutory, customary
or otherwise in respect of the Assets, ROT Assets or Third Party Assets, or any of the rights, title and interests transferred
or agreed to be transferred, or of which possession may pass, pursuant to this agreement are expressly excluded (including
implied warranties and conditions as to title, quiet possession, merchantable or satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose
and description). Except as expressly set out in this agreement, any lists contained in any schedule or annexe shall not
constitute any warranty in respect of the Sellers ownership of the listed items or otherwise.

9.2 The
Assets sold under this agreement are sold in their condition and, subject to the delivery obligations under Clause 4, locations
as at the time of the making of this agreement and subject to all faults, liens, executions, distraints, Encumbrances and
claims of third parties. Unless otherwise required by law (and then only to that extent), the Seller and the Joint Liquidators
and each of them shall not be liable for any loss arising out of, or due to, or caused by any defect or deficiencies in any
or all of the Assets.

9.3 The
Buyer agrees that the terms and conditions of this agreement and the exclusions and limitations contained in it are fair
and reasonable having regard to the following:

(a) that
this is a sale by an insolvent company in circumstances where the Joint Liquidators knowledge of the Assets is limited
and it is usual that no representations and warranties are given by or on behalf of the Seller or the Joint Liquidators;

12

(b) that
the Buyer has relied solely on the opinions of itself and its professional advisors concerning the Assets or any of them,
their quality, condition, description, fitness and suitability for any purpose, the possibility that some or all of them
may have defects not apparent on inspection and examination, and the use it intends or proposes to put them to;

(c) that
the Buyer has agreed to purchase the Assets or any of them as seen in their present state and condition for a consideration
that takes into account the risk to the Buyer represented by the parties belief that the said exclusions and limitations
are or would be recognised by the courts; and

(d) that
the Buyer, its representatives and advisers have been given every opportunity it or they may wish to have to examine and
inspect the Assets or any of them and all relevant documents relating to them.

9.4 The
Buyer acknowledges that it has not entered into this agreement in reliance upon any representations, agreements, statements
or replies to specific enquiries (whether oral or written) made or alleged to have been made by the Seller, the Joint Liquidators
or its or their representatives at any time.

9.5 Nothing
in this agreement operates to limit or exclude any liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.

9.6 The
Buyer acknowledges that if the Seller does not have title or unencumbered title to any or all of the Assets, or if the Buyer
cannot exercise any right conferred or purported to be conferred on it by this agreement, this shall not be a ground or grounds
for rescinding, avoiding or varying any or all of the provisions of this agreement, or for any reduction or repayment of
any part of the consideration. Accordingly, if any item included within the Asset is discovered after Completion not to have
belonged to the Seller in the sole opinion of the Joint Liquidators then such Seller and/or Joint Liquidators (acting reasonably)
may withdraw such asset from the sale and the Buyer shall forthwith deliver up such asset to the Seller and/or the Joint
Liquidators. However, should the Buyer reach agreement with the relevant third party owner of the asset in question that
the Buyer is to retain that asset then, upon satisfactory evidence being shown to the Joint Liquidators of such agreement,
the aforementioned delivery up shall not be required.

10. Confidentiality
and announcements

10.1 The
Seller and the Joint Liquidators undertake to the Buyer to keep confidential all the information that they have acquired
about the Buyer and to use such information only for the purposes contemplated by this agreement.

13

10.2 The
Buyer undertakes to the Seller and the Joint Liquidators to keep confidential the terms of this agreement and all information
that it has acquired about the Seller and to use the information only for the purposes contemplated by this agreement.

10.3 Either
party may disclose any information that it is otherwise required to keep confidential under this clause 10:

(a) to
such professional advisers, consultants and employees or officers of and, in the case of the Seller and the Joint Liquidators,
the Joint Liquidators firm, employees and agents, as are reasonably necessary to advise on this agreement, or to facilitate
the Transaction, provided that the disclosing party procures that the people to whom the information is disclosed keep it
confidential as if they were that party;

(b) with
the written consent of the Joint Liquidators and the Buyer; or

(c) to
the extent that the disclosure:

(i) is
required for the purposes of the liquidation of the Seller; or

(ii) is
required by law; or

(iii) is
required by a regulatory body, tax authority or securities exchange or (in the case of a disclosure by the Seller or the
Joint Liquidators) is required in the Joint Liquidators opinion to enable them to comply with any applicable requirements
of insolvency practice or disclosure requirement to which they are subject (whether as a matter of law, practice or professional
conduct);

but
shall use reasonable endeavours to consult the Joint Liquidators (in the case of a disclosure on the part of the Buyer) or the
Buyer (in the case of a disclosure on the part of the Seller or the Joint Liquidators) and shall take into account any reasonable
requests it may have in relation to the disclosure before making it.

10.4 Other
than as permitted by this agreement or required by law, no announcement, circular or other publicity in connection with the
subject matter of this agreement shall be made by or on behalf of the Seller, the Joint Liquidators or the Buyer without
the approval of the Joint Liquidators and the Buyer (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

10.5 The
Buyer shall, with the prior written consent of the Joint Liquidators, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld (and in
any event, if consent is to be withheld this must be communicated in writing to the Buyer within 3 Business Days of the request
for consent), have the right to disclose the contents of this agreement to any person and their advisors with whom the Buyer
is negotiating concerning a Subsequent Disposal if that person or advisor requests sight of it to facilitate the proposed
Subsequent Disposal (and evidence of that request is provided to the Joint Liquidators).

14

11. Further
assurance

11.1 Without
limiting or diminishing any of the rights of the Buyer under the Deed of Assignment for six months following Completion,
the Seller and the Joint Liquidators (provided they are, at the relevant time, the liquidators of the Seller) shall (at the
Buyers expense) execute and deliver all such documents, and do whatever the Buyer may from time to time reasonably
require for the purpose of giving effect to the provisions of this agreement provided that the terms of any such documents
and the terms on which any such things are performed:

(a) shall
exclude the personal liability of the Joint Liquidators;

(b) shall
be no more onerous to the Seller and the Joint Liquidators than the terms of this agreement; and

(c) shall
be subject to the Joint Liquidators prior approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

12. Buyers
Warranties

12.1 The
Buyer warrants to the Seller and the Joint Liquidators that on the execution of this Agreement:

(a) it
has full power to enter into and perform this agreement and this agreement constitutes obligations binding on the Buyer in
accordance with the terms of this agreement;

(b) it
is not insolvent or unable to pay its debts within the meaning of Section 123 of the Insolvency Act 1986; and

(c) the
execution of this agreement and the observance and performance of its provisions will not and is not likely to result in
a breach of any contract, law, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, undertaking, decree or similar imposition to or by
which the Buyer is party or bound.

12.2 If
the Seller, the Joint Liquidators or the Joint Liquidators Solicitors provide the Buyer with any services or other
assistance after Completion, the Buyer undertakes that promptly on demand they will pay to the Joint Liquidators Solicitors,
by electronic funds transfer, the reasonable costs incurred in providing those services.

12.3 If
the Buyer provides the Seller and/or the Joint Liquidators with any services or other assistance after Completion, the Seller
and/or the Joint Liquidators undertake that promptly on demand they will pay to the Buyer, by electronic funds transfer,
the reasonable costs incurred in providing those services.

15

12.4 The
Buyer will indemnify the Seller and the Joint Liquidators in respect of any losses incurred by the Seller or the Joint Liquidators
in respect of:

(a) any
breach of the Buyers obligations under this agreement; and

(b) any
personal liability of the Joint Liquidators in connection with Assets except for in relation to any liability arising out of the wilful,
misconduct, fraudulent conduct or gross negligence of the Joint Liquidators

13. Assignment

The
Buyer may not assign or grant any Encumbrance over or deal in any way with any of its rights or obligations under this agreement
without the prior written consent of the Seller and the Joint Liquidators.

14. Whole
agreement

This
agreement, and any documents referred to in it, constitute the whole agreement between the parties and supersede any previous arrangement,
understanding or agreement between them relating to the subject matter they cover.

15. Variation

15.1 A
variation of this agreement shall be in writing and signed by or on behalf of each party.

15.2 Any
waiver by or on behalf of the Seller or the Joint Liquidators of any right under this agreement is only effective if it is
in writing and signed by the Joint Liquidators on behalf of the Sellers or the Joint Liquidators on their own behalf. It
applies only in the circumstances for which it is given and shall not prevent the Seller or the Joint Liquidators from subsequently
relying on the provision so waived.

15.3 No
failure by the Seller or the Joint Liquidators to exercise or delay in exercising any right or remedy provided under this
agreement or by law constitutes a waiver of such right or remedy or shall prevent any future exercise in whole or in part.

15.4 No
single or partial exercise by the Seller or the Joint Liquidators of any right or remedy under this agreement shall preclude
or restrict the further exercise of any such right or remedy.

15.5 Unless
specifically provided otherwise, the rights of the Seller and the Joint Liquidators arising under this agreement are cumulative
and do not exclude rights provided by law.

16

16. Costs

Unless
otherwise provided, all costs and expenses in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and performance of this agreement,
and any documents referred to in it, shall be borne by the party that incurred the costs.

17. Notice

17.1 A
notice given under this agreement:

(a) shall
be in writing in the English language (or be accompanied by a properly prepared translation into English);

(b) shall
be sent for the attention of the person, and to the address or email, given in this clause 17 (or such other address, email
or person as the relevant party may notify to the party); and

(c) shall
be:

(i) delivered
personally;

(ii) delivered
by commercial courier;

(iii) sent
by email;

(iv) sent
by prepaid first-class post or recorded delivery; or

(v) (if
the notice is served by post outside the country from which it is sent) sent by registered airmail.

17.2 The
addresses for service of notice are:

(a) Seller
and Joint Liquidators

Address:
c/o Oury Clark, 10 John Street, London, WC1N 2EB

For
the attention of: Carrie James and James Hopkirk

Email:
carrie.james@ouryclark.comAND james.hopkirk@krestonreeves.com

(b) Buyer

Address:
c/o ABZ Law, 28 General Pierre Koenig St., 3rd Floor - Asif Business Center, Jerusalem 9346936, Israel

For
the attention of: Avraham Ben-Tzvi

Email:
avraham@abz-law.com

17

17.3 No
communication from the Buyer shall be effective until it is received by the Joint Liquidators. Any other notice shall be
deemed to have been received:

(a) if
delivered personally, at the time of delivery;

(b) if
delivered by commercial courier, at the time of signature of the couriers receipt;

(c) if
sent by email, in which case it shall be deemed to have been received at the time of transmission;

(d) if
sent by prepaid first class post, recorded delivery or registered post, 48 hours from the date of posting;

(e) if
sent by registered airmail, five days from the date of posting; or

(f) if
deemed receipt under the previous paragraphs of this clause 17.3 is not within business hours (meaning 9.00 am to 5.30 pm
Monday to Friday on a Business Day), when business next starts in the place of receipt.

17.4 To
prove service by the Seller or the Joint Liquidators on the Buyer, it shall be sufficient to prove that the notice was transmitted
by email to the email of the Buyer or, in the case of post, that the envelope containing the notice was properly addressed
and posted.

18. Interest
on late payment

18.1 Where
a sum is required to be paid by the Buyer under this agreement but is not paid before or on the date the parties agreed,
the Buyer shall also pay interest on that sum at the Interest Rate for the period beginning with that date and ending with
the date the sum is paid (and the period shall continue after as well as before judgment). Interest shall accrue on a daily
basis and be compounded quarterly.

18.2 Notwithstanding
clause 18.1, the Seller may in the alternative claim interest at its discretion under the Late Payment of Commercial Debts
(Interest) Act 1998.

19. Severance

19.1 If
any provision of this agreement (or part of a provision) is found by any court or administrative body of competent jurisdiction
to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal, the other provisions shall remain in force.

19.2 If
any invalid, unenforceable or illegal provision would be valid, enforceable or legal if some part of it were deleted, the
provision shall apply with whatever modification is necessary to give effect to the commercial intention of the parties.

18

20. Contra
proferentem

The
parties acknowledge and agree that this agreement has been jointly drafted by all of the parties to it and that it is intended
to benefit all of the parties equally. Accordingly, the rule of construction known as contra proferentem shall not apply.

21. Third
party rights

21.1 The
Joint Liquidators agents, representatives, firms and their respective employees may enforce and rely on clause 8 to
the same extent as if they were a party to this agreement.

21.2 Subject
to clause 21.1, this agreement and the documents referred to in it are made for the benefit of the parties to them and their
successors and permitted assigns, and are not intended to benefit, or be enforceable by, anyone else.

21.3 The
rights of the parties to terminate, rescind or agree any variation, waiver or settlement under this agreement is not subject
to the consent of any person not a party to this agreement.

22. Successors

Subject
to clause 13, the rights and obligations of the parties shall continue for the benefit of, and shall be binding on, their respective
successors and permitted assigns.

23. Counterparts

This
agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original and which together have the same effect as
if each party had signed the same document.

24. Governing
law and jurisdiction

24.1 This
agreement and any disputes or claims arising out of or in connection with its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual
disputes or claims) are governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England.

24.2 The
parties irrevocably agree that the courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim that arises
out of or in connection with this agreement, its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims).

This
agreement has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning of it.

19

Schedule 1 PATENT
RIGHTS

[****]

20

Schedule 2 PLOGOSERTIB

[****]

21

Schedule 3 FADRACICLIB

[****]

22

ATTESTATIONS

SIGNED BY 

CARRIE JAMES or JAMES HOPKIRK 

for
and on behalf of 

CYCLACEL
LIMITED (IN LIQUIDATION) 

as
agent and without personal liability Joint Liquidator

SIGNED BY 

CARRIE JAMES or JAMES HOPKIRK 

for and on behalf of the Joint Liquidators 

without personal liability Joint Liquidator

SIGNED BY 

[ ] of 

CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS Inc. 

in his/her capacity as director 

for and on behalf of the Buyer Director

23
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>cyclacel_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

DATED 10 MARCH 2025

ASSIGNMENT OF PATENT RIGHTS

between

CYCLACEL LIMITED (In liquidation)

and

CARRIE JAMES and JAMES
HOPKIRK as joint liquidators of Cyclacel Limited (In liquidation)

and

CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC

Kings House 36-37 King Street London EC2V 8BB

Tel: 0203 675 7575 DX: 42624 Cheapside

(Ref: AWO/750920C.4)

THIS DEED is made and delivered on February 2025

Between:

(1) CYCLACEL LIMITED (IN LIQUIDATION), a company incorporated in England and Wales (company number 1671088) whose registered office is Montague Place, Quayside, Chatham Maritime, Kent England, ME4 4QU (Seller) acting through the Liquidators (as defined below) (Assignor)

(2) CARRIE JAMES and JAMES HOPKIRK of Oury Clark, 10 John Street, London, WC1N 2EB and Kreston Reeves LLP, Montague Place, Quayside, Chatham Maritime, Kent ME4 4QU respectively (Liquidators)

(3) CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC incorporated and registered in Delaware with whose office is at 200 Connell Drive, Suite 1500, Berkeley Heights, NJ 07922, USA (Assignee)

Recitals:

(A) The Liquidators were appointed as liquidators of the Seller on 24 January 2025 by resolution of the members and creditors of the Seller passed at a decision-making process by deemed consent held on 24 January 2025.

(B) The Parties have agreed to the sale and purchase of certain assets of the Assignor to the Assignee by a Sale and Purchase Agreement of even date (the SPA).

(C) The Assignor and the Liquidators have agreed to sell such right, title and interest as the Assignor has in the Patent Rights.

(D) The Assignor and the Liquidators have agreed to assign to the Assignee such right, title and interest the Assignor has in and to the Patent Rights on the terms set out in this deed.

(E) The Liquidators have entered into this deed solely for the purpose of obtaining the benefit of the provisions in their favour and shall incur no personal liability of any kind under or in connection with this deed.

NOW THIS DEED WITNESSES as follows:

1. INTERPRETATION

The terms and definitions set out in the SPA apply to this deed. The following additional definitions and rules of interpretation apply in this deed:

1.1 Definitions:

Assigned Rights: such right, title and interest as the Assignee shall have in and to the Patent Rights (as more particularly is defined in the SPA).

Assignment Date the date of this deed.

Business Day a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday in England when banks in London are open for business.

2

1.2 Clause and Schedule headings shall not affect the interpretation of this deed.

1.3 The Schedule forms part of this deed and shall have effect as if set out in full in the body of this deed. Any reference to this deed includes the Schedule.

1.4 References to Clauses and the Schedule are to the Clauses and Schedule of this deed.

1.5 A person includes a natural person, corporate or unincorporated body (whether or not having separate legal personality).

1.6 Unless the context otherwise requires:

1.6.1 words in the singular include the plural and in the plural include the singular; and

1.6.2 a reference to one gender includes a reference to the other gender.

1.7 This deed shall be binding on, and ensure to the benefit of, the parties to this deed and their respective personal representatives, successors and permitted assigns, and references to any party shall include that partys personal representatives, successors and permitted assigns.

1.8 Words and expressions defined for the purposes of or in connection with any statutory provisions shall, where the context so requires, be construed as having the same meanings in this deed.

1.9 Unless expressly provided otherwise in this deed a reference to legislation or a legislative provision is a reference to it as amended, extended, or re-enacted from time to time and reference to legislation or a legislative provision shall include all subordinate legislation made from time to time under that legislation or legislative provision.

1.10 Writing or written excludes email unless explicitly agreed in writing.

1.11 Where the words include(s), including or in particular are used in this deed, they are deemed to have the words without limitation following them.

1.12 Other and otherwise are illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding them.

1.13 A reference to the Liquidators includes both of them jointly and each of them individually.

1.14 A reference to a claim includes any claim, demand, action or proceeding of any kind, actual or contingent.

1.15 A reference to a loss includes any loss, damage, cost, charge, penalty, fee, or expense.

3

1.16 A reference to representatives includes partners, agents, employees, sub-contractors and any other person acting on behalf of and with the authority of a party.

2. ASSIGNMENT

2.1 In consideration of the sum of 250,000 paid by the Assignee to the Assignor under the SPA, the Assignor hereby assigns to the Assignee absolutely all its right, title and interest in and to the Assigned Rights.

3. FURTHER ASSURANCE

3.1 For 12 months following the Assignment Date, at the sole reasonable expense of the Assignee (to be paid to the Assignor on account in advance if requested by the Assignor or Liquidators) the Assignor shall use its reasonable endeavours to procure that any necessary third party shall promptly execute such documents and perform such acts as may be required for the purpose of giving full effect to this deed provided that the terms of any such documents and the terms on which any such things are performed:

3.1.1 shall expressly exclude all and any personal liability of the Liquidators and acknowledge that they act as Liquidators of and agents for the Assignor only;

3.1.2 shall be no more onerous to the Assignor and / or the Liquidators than the terms of this deed and the SPA; and

3.1.3 shall be subject to the Liquidators prior approval.

3.2 For 12 months following the Assignment Date, the Assignor shall do the following at the Assignees sole reasonable cost and expense (to be paid to the Assignor on account in advance if requested by the Assignor or Liquidators) and reasonable direction, pending formal registration or recordal of the assignment of the Assigned Rights to the Assignee:

3.2.1 if legally required to do so, pay all applicable application, filing, registration, renewal and other fees as they fall due;

3.2.2 if legally required to do so, promptly satisfy all official actions issued by any relevant patent registry or authority;

3.2.3 provide the Assignee, to the extent to which the Assignor is able, with all information and other assistance reasonably required to enable the Assignee to prepare, file or prosecute applications for registration of any of the Patent Rights including any divisional application;

3.2.4 ensure that copies of all correspondence that the Assignor, or its agents, receive (including any renewal advice or other notification received from any relevant registry) are delivered to the Assignee as soon as reasonably practicable;

3.2.5 provide the Assignee, to the extent to which the Assignor is able, with all information and other assistance reasonably required by the Assignee to conduct, defend or settle any relevant claims, actions or proceedings; and

4

3.3 The Assignor shall make available for collection by the Assignee (or the Assignees nominated representative) as soon as reasonably practicable after the date of this deed, all deeds, documents of title, certificates and other files and records (including those of its agents) relating to the Assigned Rights and which are in its possession, if any.

3.4 The Assignor appoints the Assignee to be its attorney in its name under the Power Of Attorney set out in the Schedule 2. This power of attorney is given by way of security to secure the performance of the Assignors obligations under this deed and the proprietary interest of the Assignee in the Assigned Rights.

3.5 Without prejudice to Clause 3.4, the Assignee may, in any way that is reasonably required, on behalf of the Assignor:

3.5.1 take any action that this deed requires the Assignor to take;

3.5.2 exercise any rights which this deed gives to the Assignor; and

3.5.3 appoint one or more persons to act as substitute attorney(s) for the Assignor and to exercise such of the powers conferred by this power of attorney as the Assignee thinks fit and revoke such appointment.

4. WAIVER

4.1 No failure or delay by a party to exercise any right or remedy provided under either this deed, the SPA or by law shall constitute a waiver of that or any other right or remedy, nor shall it prevent or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy. No single or partial exercise of such right or remedy shall prevent or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy.

5. INDEMNITY

5.1 Subject to clause 5.2 and the terms of the SPA, the Assignee shall indemnify and hold the Assignor and the Liquidators harmless against any losses, damages or costs the Assignor or the Liquidators or any officer, employee or agent of the Assignor and the Liquidators suffer or incur arising out of, relating to, or in connection with the assignment of the Assigned Rights.

5.2 The indemnity by the Assignee contained in this deed and all documents executed in accordance with this deed are limited in each and every case as follows:

5.2.1 in the case of the Assignor insofar as the claims or losses constitute or rank for payment as an expense of the liquidation of the Assignor pursuant to to the Insolvency Act 1986 and/or the Insolvency (England and Wales) Rules 2016; and

5

5.2.2 in the case of the Liquidators only insofar as the claims or losses are suffered by the Liquidators in their personal capacity.

6. Exclusion of Liability

6.1 The Liquidators in executing this deed are acting as agents of the Assignor and do not accept any personal liability hereunder and accordingly any personal liability on their part hereunder or arising directly or indirectly in connection herewith is expressly excluded.

6.2 The Liquidators have entered into this deed in their personal capacities solely for the purpose of obtaining the benefit of the provisions in their favour.

7. GENERAL

7.1 No variation of this deed shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by the parties (or their authorised representatives).

7.2 If any provision or part-provision of this deed is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable, it shall be deemed modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid, legal and enforceable. If such modification is not possible, the relevant provision or part-provision shall be deemed deleted. Any modification to or deletion of a provision or part-provision under this clause shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the rest of this deed.

7.3 This deed may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute a duplicate original, but all the counterparts shall together constitute the one agreement.

7.4 This deed does not, other than to the Liquidators successors and assigns, give rise to any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of this deed.

7.5 This deed and any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.

7.6 Each party irrevocably agrees that the courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with this deed or its subject matter or formation.

This deed has been entered into as a deed on the date stated at the beginning of it.

6

EXECUTED AS A DEED

by CYCLACEL LIMITED 

(in liquidation) Signature of Liquidator

acting by its Liquidators without personal liability pursuant to the powers conferred on that person by the Insolvency Act 1986 

in the presence of: 

Signature of witness: 

Name of witness: 

Address of witness: 

Occupation of witness: 

EXECUTED AS A DEED

for and on behalf of 

the LIQUIDATORS Signature of Liquidator

by one of them and without personal liability 

in the presence of: 

Signature of witness: 

Name of witness: 

Address of witness: 

Occupation of witness: 

7

EXECUTED AS A DEED

by CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC 

acting by one of its duly authorised directors Signature of director

in the presence of: 

Signature of witness: 

Name of director signing

Name of witness: 

Address of witness: 

Occupation of witness: 

8

Schedule - IRREVOCABLE POWER OF ATTORNEY

THIS IRREVOCABLE POWER OF ATTORNEY is made on this [Date] by:

1. CYCLACEL LIMITED (IN LIQUIDATION), a company incorporated in England and Wales (company number 1671088) whose registered office is Montague Place, Quayside, Chatham Maritime, Kent England, ME4 4QU (Assignor) acting through the Joint Liquidators (as defined below);

2. CARRIE JAMES and JAMES HOPKIRK of Oury Clark, 10 John Street, London, WC1N 2EB and Kreston Reeves LLP, Montague Place, Quayside, Chatham Maritime, Kent ME4 4QU respectively (Joint Liquidators)

IN FAVOUR OF:

3. CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS, Inc., incorporated in Delaware whose office is at 200 Connell Drive, Suite 1500, Berkeley Heights, NJ 07922, United States of America (Assignee)

WHEREAS:

(A) The Assignor and the Assignee have entered into a Deed of Assignment dated [ ] March 2025, pursuant to which the Assignor has agreed to grant this Power of Attorney in favour of the Attorney.

(B) The Assignor desires to irrevocably appoint the Assignee to act on its behalf for the purposes set out in this Power of Attorney.

NOW THIS DEED WITNESSES as follows:

1. APPOINTMENT

The Assignor hereby irrevocably appoints the Assignee to be its true and lawful attorney with full power and authority to act in the name and on behalf of the Assignor in connection with the matters set out in Clause 2.

2. POWERS

The Assignee shall have the full power and authority to do the following acts and things on behalf of the Assignor:

(a) to sign, execute and enter into all such deeds, agreements and other documents necessary to perfect the transfer of title to the Assigned Rights to the Assignee, including make formal assignments of the Assigned Rights in the appropriate patent registries and offices;

9

(b) to pay all applicable application, filing, registration, renewal and other fees relating to the Assigned Rights as they fall due and do all other things necessary to satisfy all official actions issued by any relevant patent registry;

(c) To take such other lawful steps as may be necessary or desirable in connection with the exercise of the powers granted herein.

3. IRREVOCABILITY

This Power of Attorney is granted irrevocably and by way of security for the performance of the Assignors obligations under the Deed of Assignment. The Assignor shall not have the right to revoke this Power of Attorney without the prior written consent of the Assignee, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld.

4. GOVERNING LAW
AND JURISDICTION

This Power of Attorney and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales, and the parties irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Power of Attorney has been duly executed and delivered as a deed on the date first above written.

EXECUTED AS A DEED

by CYCLACEL LIMITED 

(in liquidation) Signature of Liquidator

acting by the Joint Liquidators without personal liability pursuant to the powers conferred on that
person by the Insolvency Act 1986 

in the presence of: 

Signature of witness: 

Name of witness: 

Address of witness: 

Occupation of witness: 

10

EXECUTED AS A DEED

for and on behalf of 

the JOINTLIQUIDATORS Signature of Liquidator

by one of them and without personal liability 

in the presence of: 

Signature of witness: 

Name of witness: 

Address of witness: 

Occupation of witness: 

EXECUTED AS A DEED

by CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC 

acting by one of its duly authorised directors Signature of director

in the presence of: 

Signature of witness: 

Name of director signing

Name of witness: 

Address of witness: 

Occupation of witness: 

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>img_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex2-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>cycc-20250310.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>cycc-20250310_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>cycc-20250310_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 

Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>cycc-20250310_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 10, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 0-50626

Entity Registrant Name Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001130166

Entity Tax Identification Number 91-1707622

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 200 Connell Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1500

Entity Address, City or Town Berkeley Heights

Entity Address, State or Province NJ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 07922

City Area Code 908

Local Phone Number 517-7330

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol CYCC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value 

Title of 12(b) Security Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol CYCCP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=cycc_CommonStockParValue0.001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=cycc_PreferredStock0.001ParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://cyclacel.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cycc-20250310.xsd 
cycc-20250310_def.xml 
cycc-20250310_lab.xml 
cycc-20250310_pre.xml 
cyclacel_8k.htm 

img_001.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001829126-25-001770-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>cyclacel_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001130166 

2025-03-10 
2025-03-10 

0001130166 

cycc:CommonStockParValue0.001PerShareMember 

2025-03-10 
2025-03-10 

0001130166 

cycc:PreferredStock0.001ParValueMember 

2025-03-10 
2025-03-10 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001130166 
8-K 
2025-03-10 
Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
DE 
0-50626 
91-1707622 
200 Connell Drive 
Suite 1500 
Berkeley Heights 
NJ 
07922 
908 
517-7330 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
CYCC 
NASDAQ 
Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value 
CYCCP 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>