<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-034649.txt : 20250423
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-034649.hdr.sgml : 20250423
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250423163008
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-034649
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250417
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250423
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250423

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DeFi Development Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001805526
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LOAN BROKERS [6163]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		EIN:				832676794
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41748
		FILM NUMBER:		25861980

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6401 CONGRESS AVE
		STREET 2:		STE 250
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33487
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5615594111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6401 CONGRESS AVE
		STREET 2:		STE 250
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33487

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Janover Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210329

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Janover Ventures LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200304
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0239202-8k_defi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000180552600018055262025-04-172025-04-170001805526dei:FormerAddressMember2025-04-172025-04-17iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 17, 2025

DEFI DEVELOPMENT CORP.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41748 83-2676794

(State or other jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification Number)

6401 Congress Avenue, Suite 250

Boca Raton, Florida 33487

(Address of registrants principal executive office) (Zip code)

(561) 559-4111

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

JANOVER INC.

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share JNVR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Appointment of John (Fei) Han as Chief Financial
Officer

On April 17, 2025, John (Fei) Han was appointed as the Chief Financial
Officer of the Defi Development Corp., formerly known as Janover Inc. (the Company). In connection with his appointment,
Mr. Han entered into an employment agreement with the Company on April 17, 2025 (the Han Employment Agreement).

The material terms of the
Han Employment Agreement were approved by the Compensation Committee and the Board of Directors (the Board) on April
17, 2025. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Han will receive an annual base salary of $450,000 and is eligible to receive an annual performance-based
cash bonus with a target amount equal to 65% of his base salary. Mr. Han is also eligible to receive equity awards as determined from
time to time by the Compensation Committee of the Board.

The Han Employment Agreement
provides that, in the event Mr. Hans employment is terminated by the Company without cause or by Mr. Han for good reason (each
as defined in the agreement), in addition to Final Compensation, he will be entitled to receive payment of any earned but unpaid bonus
for the prior calendar year, if the termination occurs after the end of such year but before the bonus is paid. If Mr. Hans employment
is terminated by the Company without cause or by Mr. Han for good reason within six months following a change in control (as defined in
the agreement), he will be entitled to a lump sum payment equal to two times his base salary, full acceleration of all unvested equity
awards, and continued health insurance coverage for 12 months.

There are no family relationships
between Mr. Han and any director or executive officer of the Company that require disclosure under Item 401(d) of Regulation S-K. Other
than with respect to the Han Employment Agreement, there are no transactions between Mr. Han or any member of his immediate family and
the Company or any of its subsidiaries that require disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. There are no arrangements or understandings
between Mr. Han and any other person pursuant to which he was selected as Chief Financial Officer.

The foregoing description
of the Han Employment Agreement is qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the agreement, which is filed hereto as
Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Resignation of Bruce S. Rosenbloom as Chief
Financial Officer

In connection with Mr. Hans
appointment as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, Mr. Rosenbloom stepped down as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
effective immediately. Mr. Rosenbloom, continues to work with the Company in a senior advisory role and will enter into an employment/consulting
agreement for services to be provided to the Company at a later date. Mr. Rosenblooms decision to resign is not due to any disagreement
with the Company on any matter relating to the Companys operations, policies or practices.

Item 5.03.Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On
April 17, 2025, the Company amended its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation),
to effect a change of the Companys name from Janover Inc. to DeFi Development Corp. (the Name
Change). The Name Change became effective at 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time on April 17, 2025.

The
Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) approved the Name Change pursuant to Section 242 of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. The Name Change does not affect the rights of the Companys stockholders, and there were
no other changes to the Certificate of Incorporation. A copy of the certificate of amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation
filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to affect the Name Change is filed as Exhibit 3.1 and is incorporated herein
by reference.

In
connection with the Name Change, the Board also approved an amendment and restatement of the Companys Amended and Restated Bylaws
solely to reflect the Name Change (as amended and restated, the Amended and Restated Bylaws) effective as of April
17, 2025. A copy of the Amended and Restated Bylaws is filed as Exhibit 3.2 and is incorporated herein by reference.

1

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

Total Shares Outstanding

The Company disclosed on
its website that, as of the date hereof, the Company has 1,567,615 total shares outstanding.

Furnished Information

The information disclosed
pursuant to Item 7.01 in this Current Report on Form 8-K shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor
shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as
expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.

Item 8.01. Other
Events.

Following
the Name Change, the new trading symbol for the Companys common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market will be DFDV.
The Company will inform the market when its common stock begins to trade under the new name and trading symbol. The CUSIP number for the
Companys common stock will not change in connection with the Name Change.

On
April 22, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the name change and trading symbol change. The press
release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference, except that the information
contained on any websites referenced in the press release is not incorporated by reference. 

On April 23, 2025, the Company
issued a press release announcing the appointment of Mr. Han (the CFO Appointment Press Release), as described in
Item 5.02 above. A copy of the CFO Appointment Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

3.1 Certificate of Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws

10.1 Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of April 17, 2025, by and between the Company and John (Fei) Han

99.1 Press Release, dated April 22, 2025

99.2 Press Release, dated April 23, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: April 23, 2025 DEFI DEVELOPMENT CORP.

By: /s/ Joseph Onorati

Name: Joseph Onorati

Title: Chairman & CEO

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023920201ex3-1_defi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT TO RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT

TO

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

JANOVER INC.

Pursuant to Section 242 of the

General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware

Janover Inc. (hereinafter
called the Corporation), organized and existing under and by virtue of the provisions of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware, does hereby certify as follows:

FIRST: A resolution
was duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation pursuant to Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State
of Delaware setting forth an amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, as amended, and declaring said
amendment to be advisable and in the best interests of the Corporation.

SECOND: That Article
I of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, as amended, be and hereby is deleted in its entirety and the following
is inserted in lieu thereof:

I.

The name of this corporation
is DeFi Development Corp. (the Corporation).

THIRD: This Certificate of
Amendment shall be effective at 4:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on April 17, 2025.

***

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
this Certificate of Amendment has been executed by a duly authorized officer of the Corporation on this 17th day of April,
2025.

JANOVER INC.

By: /s/ Joseph Onorati

Name: 

Joseph Onorati

Title: Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023920201ex3-2_defi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 

OF

DEFI DEVELOPMENT CORP.

(A DELAWARE CORPORATION)

ARTICLE I

OFFICES

Section 1.1 Registered Office. The registered office of the
corporation in the State of Delaware is 3411 Silverside Road, Tatnall Building, # 104, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware,
Zip Code 19810 or in such other location as the Board of Directors of the corporation (the Board of Directors) may
from time to time determine or the business of the corporation may require.

Section 1.2 Other Offices. The corporation shall also have
and maintain an office or principal place of business at such place as may be fixed by the Board of Directors, and may also have offices
at such other places, both within and without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the
business of the corporation may require.

ARTICLE II

CORPORATE SEAL

Section 2.1 Corporate Seal. The Board of Directors may adopt
a corporate seal. Said seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise.

ARTICLE III

STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS

Section 3.1 Place of Meetings. Meetings of the stockholders
of the corporation may be held at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as may be determined from time to time by
the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that the meeting shall not be held at any place,
but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication as provided under the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL).

Section 3.2 Annual Meeting.

(a) The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the corporation, for the purpose of election of directors and for such other business as may lawfully come before
it, shall be held on such date and at such time as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. Nominations of persons
for election to the Board of Directors of the corporation and the proposal of business to be considered by the stockholders may be made
at an annual meeting of stockholders (i) pursuant to the corporations notice of meeting of stockholders, (ii) by or at the direction
of the Board of Directors, or (iii) by any stockholder of the corporation who was a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice
provided for in the following paragraph, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complied with the notice procedures set forth
in this Section.

(b) At an annual meeting of
the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. For nominations or other
business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) of paragraph (a) of this Section,

(i) the stockholder must have
given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the corporation,

(ii) such other business
must be a proper matter for stockholder action under the DGCL and applicable law,

(iii) if the stockholder,
or the beneficial owner on whose behalf any such proposal or nomination is made, has provided the corporation with a Solicitation Notice
(as defined in this paragraph), such stockholder or beneficial owner must, in the case of a proposal, have delivered a proxy statement
and form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the corporations voting shares required under applicable law to carry
any such proposal, or, in the case of a nomination or nominations, have delivered a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of a
percentage of the corporations voting shares reasonably believed by such stockholder or beneficial owner to be sufficient to elect
the nominee or nominees proposed to be nominated by such stockholder, and must, in either case, have included in such materials the Solicitation
Notice, and

(iv) if no Solicitation Notice
relating thereto has been timely provided pursuant to this Section, the stockholder or beneficial owner proposing such business or nomination
must not have solicited a number of proxies sufficient to have required the delivery of such a Solicitation Notice under this Section.
To be timely, a stockholders notice shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not
later than the close of business on the ninetieth (90th) day nor earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th)
day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting; provided, however, that in the event that the date of
the annual meeting is advanced more than thirty (30) days prior to or delayed by more than thirty (30) days after the anniversary of the
preceding years annual meeting, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business
on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth
(90th) day prior to such annual meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting
is first made. In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment of an annual meeting commence a new time period for the giving
of a stockholders notice as described above. Such stockholders notice shall set forth: (A) as to each person whom the stockholder
proposed to nominate for election or reelection as a director all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed
in solicitations of proxies for election of directors in an election contest, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation
14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act), and Rule 14a-4(d) thereunder (including
such persons written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected); (B) as
to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought
before the meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such stockholder
and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made; and (C) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial
owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made (i) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the
corporations books, and of such beneficial owner, (ii) the class and number of shares of the corporation that are owned beneficially
and of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner, and (iii) whether either such stockholder or beneficial owner intends to
deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of, in the case of the proposal, at least the percentage of the corporations
voting shares required under applicable law to carry the proposal or, in the case of a nomination or nominations, a sufficient number
of holders of the corporations voting shares to elect such nominee or nominees (an affirmative statement of such intent, a Solicitation
Notice).

2

(c) Notwithstanding anything
in the second sentence of paragraph (b) of this Section to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the
Board of Directors of the corporation is increased and there is no public announcement naming all of the nominees for director or specifying
the size of the increased Board of Directors made by the corporation at least one hundred (100) days prior to the first anniversary of
the preceding years annual meeting, a stockholders notice required by this Section shall also be considered timely, but
only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal
executive offices of the corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which such public
announcement is first made by the corporation.

(d) Only such persons who
are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section (or elected or appointed pursuant to Article IV of these Bylaws)
shall be eligible to serve as directors and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought
before the meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Chairman of the
meeting shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any business proposed to be brought before the meeting was
made, or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with the procedures set forth in these Bylaws and, if any proposed nomination or
business is not in compliance with these Bylaws, to declare that such defective proposal or nomination shall not be presented for stockholder
action at the meeting and shall be disregarded.

(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing
provisions of this Section, in order to include information with respect to a stockholder proposal in the proxy statement and form of
proxy for a stockholders meeting, stockholders must provide notice as required by the regulations promulgated under the 1934 Act.
Nothing in these Bylaws shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the corporation proxy
statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the 1934 Act.

(f) For purposes of this Section,
public announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or
comparable national news service, or in a document publicly filed by the corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
SEC) pursuant to Section 13, 14, or 15(d) of the 1934 Act.

Section 3.3 Special Meetings.

(a) Special meetings of the
stockholders of the corporation may be called, for any purpose or purposes, by (i) the Chairman of the Board of Directors, (ii) the Chief
Executive Officer, (iii) the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by directors representing a quorum of the Board of Directors,
or (iv) by the holders of shares entitled to cast not less than 50% of the votes at the meeting, and shall be held at such place, on such
date, and at such time as the Board of Directors shall fix.

(b) If a special meeting is properly called by any person or
persons other than the Board of Directors, the request shall be in writing, specifying the general nature of the business proposed
to be transacted, and shall be delivered personally or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, or by
telegraphic or other facsimile transmission to the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, or the Secretary
of the corporation. No business may be transacted at such special meeting otherwise than specified in such notice. The Board of
Directors shall determine the time and place of such special meeting, which shall be held not less than thirty-five (35) nor more
than one hundred twenty (120) days after the date of the receipt of the request. Upon determination of the time and place of the
meeting, the officer receiving the request shall cause notice to be given to the stockholders entitled to vote, in accordance with
the provisions of these Bylaws. Nothing contained in this paragraph (b) shall be construed as limiting, fixing, or affecting the
time when a meeting of stockholders called by action of the Board of Directors may be held.

3

Section 3.4 Notice of Meetings. Except as otherwise provided
by law, notice, given in writing or by electronic transmission, of each meeting of stockholders shall be given not less than ten (10)
nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting, such notice to specify
the place, if any, date and hour, in the case of special meetings, the purpose or purposes of the meeting, and the means of remote communications,
if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at any such meeting. If mailed, notice is
given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at such stockholders address as it
appears on the records of the corporation. Notice of the time, place, if any, and purpose of any meeting of stockholders may be waived
in writing, signed by the person entitled to notice thereof or by electronic transmission by such person, either before or after such
meeting, and will be waived by any stockholder by his or her attendance thereat in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or
by proxy, except when the stockholder attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the
transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Any stockholder so waiving notice of such meeting
shall be bound by the proceedings of any such meeting in all respects as if due notice thereof had been given.

Section 3.5 Quorum. At all meetings of stockholders, except
where otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation, or by these Bylaws, the presence, in person, by remote communication,
if applicable, or by proxy duly authorized, of the holders of one-third (1/3) of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. In the absence of a quorum, any meeting of stockholders may be adjourned, from time
to time, either by the chairman of the meeting or by vote of the holders of a majority of the shares represented thereat, but no other
business shall be transacted at such meeting. The stockholders present at a duly called or convened meeting, at which a quorum is present,
may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum.
Except as otherwise provided by statute, or by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, in all matters other than the election
of directors, the affirmative vote of a majority of shares present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by
proxy duly authorized at the meeting and entitled to vote generally on the subject matter shall be the act of the stockholders. Except
as otherwise provided by statute, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes
of the shares present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy duly authorized at the meeting and entitled
to vote generally on the election of directors. Where a separate vote by a class or classes or series is required, except where otherwise
provided by the statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a majority of the outstanding shares of such class or
classes or series, present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy duly authorized, shall constitute
a quorum entitled to take action with respect to that vote on that matter. Except where otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate
of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the affirmative vote of the majority (plurality, in the case of the election of directors) of shares
of such class or classes or series present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy at the meeting shall
be the act of such class or classes or series.

4

Section 3.6 Adjournment and Notice of Adjourned Meetings.
Any meeting of stockholders, whether annual or special, may be adjourned from time to time either by the chairman of the meeting or by
the vote of a majority of the shares present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy. When a meeting
is adjourned to another time or place, if any, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place, if any, thereof
are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the corporation may transact any business which
might have been transacted at the original meeting pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws or applicable law. If the
adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice
of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.

Section 3.7 Voting Rights. For the purpose of determining
those stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of the stockholders, except as otherwise provided by law, only persons in whose names
shares stand on the stock records of the corporation on the record date, shall be entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders. Every
person entitled to vote or execute consents shall have the right to do so either in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or
by an agent or agents authorized by a proxy granted in accordance with Delaware law. An agent so appointed need not be a stockholder.
No proxy shall be voted after three (3) years from its date of creation unless the proxy provides for a longer period.

Section 3.8 Joint Owners of Stock. If shares or other securities
having voting power stand of record in the names of two (2) or more persons, whether fiduciaries, members of a partnership, joint tenants,
tenants in common, tenants by the entirety, or otherwise, or if two (2) or more persons have the same fiduciary relationship respecting
the same shares, unless the Secretary is given written notice to the contrary and is furnished with a copy of the instrument or order
appointing them or creating the relationship wherein it is so provided, their acts with respect to voting shall have the following effect:
(a) if only one (1) votes, his or her act binds all; (b) if more than one (1) votes, the act of the majority so voting binds all; (c)
if more than one (1) votes, but the vote is evenly split on any particular matter, each faction may vote the securities in question proportionally,
or may apply to the Delaware Court of Chancery for relief as provided in the DGCL, Section 217(b). If the instrument filed with the Secretary
shows that any such tenancy is held in unequal interests, a majority or even-split for the purpose of subsection (c) shall be a majority
or even-split in interest.

Section 3.9 List of Stockholders. The Secretary shall prepare
and make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at said meeting,
arranged in alphabetical order, showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder.
Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, on a reasonably accessible electronic
network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or during ordinary
business hours, at the principal place of business of the corporation. In the event that the corporation determines to make the list available
on an electronic network, the corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders
of the corporation. The list shall be open to examination of any stockholder during the time of the meeting as provided by law.

Section 3.10 Action Without Meeting.

(a) Unless otherwise provided
in the Certificate of Incorporation, any action required by statute to be taken at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders,
or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice
and without a vote, if a consent in writing, or by electronic transmission setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders
of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting
at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted.

5

(b) Every written consent
or electronic transmission shall bear the date of signature of each stockholder who signs the consent, and no written consent or electronic
transmission shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein unless, within sixty (60) days of the earliest dated
consent delivered to the corporation in the manner herein required, written consents or electronic transmissions signed by a sufficient
number of stockholders to take action are delivered to the corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware,
its principal place of business or an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings
of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to a corporations registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered
mail, return receipt requested.

(c) Prompt notice of the taking
of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented
in writing or by electronic transmission and who, if the action had been taken at a meeting, would have been entitled to notice of the
meeting if the record date for such meeting had been the date that written consents signed by a sufficient number of stockholders to take
action were delivered to the corporation as provided in Section 228(c) of the DGCL. If the action to which the stockholders consent
is such as would have required the filing of a certificate under any section of the DGCL if such action had been voted on by stockholders
at a meeting thereof, then the certificate filed under such section shall state, in lieu of any statement required by such section concerning
any vote of stockholders, that written consent has been given in accordance with Section 228 of the DGCL.

(d) An electronic mail, facsimile
or other electronic transmission consenting to an action to be taken and transmitted by a stockholder or proxyholder, shall be deemed
to be written, signed and dated for the purposes of this Section, provided that any such electronic mail, facsimile or other electronic
transmission sets forth or is delivered with information from which the corporation can determine

(e) that the electronic mail,
facsimile or other electronic transmission was transmitted by the stockholder or proxyholder or by a person or persons authorized to act
for the stockholder and the date on which such stockholder or proxyholder or authorized person or persons transmitted such electronic
mail, facsimile or electronic transmission. The date on which such electronic mail, facsimile or electronic transmission is transmitted
shall be deemed to be the date on which such consent was signed. No consent given by electronic mail, facsimile or other electronic transmission
shall be deemed to have been delivered until such consent is reproduced in paper form and until such paper form shall be delivered to
the corporation by delivery to its registered office in the state of Delaware, its principal place of business or an officer or agent
of the corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to a corporations
registered office shall be made by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. Notwithstanding the foregoing limitations
on delivery, consents given by electronic mail, facsimile or other electronic transmission may be otherwise delivered to the principal
place of business of the corporation or to an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings
of stockholders are recorded if, to the extent and in the manner provided by resolution of the board of directors of the corporation.
Any copy, facsimile or other reliable reproduction of a consent in writing may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing
for any and all purposes for which the original writing could be used, provided that such copy, facsimile or other reproduction shall
be a complete reproduction of the entire original writing.

6

Section 3.11 Organization.

(a) At every meeting of stockholders,
the Chairman of the Board of Directors, or, if a Chairman has not been appointed or is absent, the Chief Executive Officer, or, if the
Chief Executive Officer is absent, a chairman of the meeting chosen by a majority in interest of the stockholders entitled to vote, present
in person or by proxy, shall act as chairman. The Secretary, or, in his or her absence, an Assistant Secretary directed to do so by the
Chief Executive Officer, shall act as secretary of the meeting.

(b) The Board of Directors
shall be entitled to make such rules or regulations for the conduct of meetings of stockholders as it shall deem necessary, appropriate
or convenient. Subject to such rules and regulations of the Board of Directors, if any, the chairman of the meeting shall have the right
and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman, are necessary,
appropriate or convenient for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, establishing an agenda or order of business
for the meeting, rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present, limitations on participation
in such meeting to stockholders of record of the corporation and their duly authorized and constituted proxies and such other persons
as the chairman shall permit, restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof, limitations on the
time allotted to questions or comments by participants and regulation of the opening and closing of the polls for balloting on matters
which are to be voted on by ballot. The date and time of the opening and closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders
will vote at the meeting shall be announced at the meeting. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board of Directors or the chairman
of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with rules of parliamentary procedure.

ARTICLE IV

DIRECTORS

Section 4.1 Number and Term of Office.

The authorized number of directors of the corporation shall be fixed
by the Board of Directors from time to time. Directors need not be stockholders unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation.
If for any cause, the directors shall not have been elected at an annual meeting, they may be elected as soon thereafter as convenient.

Section 4.2 Powers. The business and affairs of the corporation
shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors, except as may be otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate
of Incorporation.

Section 4.3 Term of Directors.

(a) Directors shall be elected
at each annual meeting of stockholders to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and his or her successor is duly elected
and qualified or until his or her death, resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors
shall shorten the term of any incumbent director.

(b) No person entitled to
vote at an election for directors may cumulate votes to which such person is entitled.

Section 4.4 Vacancies. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate
of Incorporation, any vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation, disqualification, removal or other causes
and any newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the number of directors shall, unless the Board of Directors determines
by resolution that any such vacancies or newly created directorships shall be filled by stockholders, be filled only by the affirmative
vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even though less than a quorum of the Board of Directors, or by a sole remaining director;
provided, however, that whenever the holders of any class or classes of stock or series thereof are entitled to elect one or more directors
by the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships of such class or classes or series shall,
unless the Board of Directors determines by resolution that any such vacancies or newly created directorships shall be filled by stockholders,
be filled by a majority of the directors elected by such class or classes or series thereof then in office, or by a sole remaining director
so elected. Any director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the
director for which the vacancy was created or occurred and until such directors successor shall have been elected and qualified.
A vacancy in the Board of Directors shall be deemed to exist under this Bylaw in the case of the death, removal or resignation of any
director.

7

Section 4.5 Resignation. Any director may resign at any time
by delivering his or her notice in writing or by electronic transmission to the Secretary, such resignation to specify whether it will
be effective at a particular time, upon receipt by the Secretary or at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. If no such specification
is made, it shall be deemed effective at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. When one or more directors shall resign from the Board
of Directors, effective at a future date, a majority of the directors then in office, including those who have so resigned, shall have
power to fill such vacancy or vacancies, the vote thereon to take effect when such resignation or resignations shall become effective,
and each Director so chosen shall hold office for the unexpired portion of the term of the Director whose place shall be vacated and until
his successor shall have been duly elected and qualified.

Section 4.6 Removal. Subject to any limitations imposed by
applicable law, the Board of Directors or any director may be removed from office at any time (i) with cause by the affirmative vote of
the holders of a majority of the voting power of all then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote generally
at an election of directors or (ii) without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all then-outstanding
shares of capital stock of the corporation, entitled to elect such director.

Section 4.7 Meetings

(a) Regular Meetings. Unless
otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time or date and
at any place within or without the State of Delaware which has been designated by the Board of Directors and publicized among all directors,
either orally or in writing, including a voice-messaging system or other system designated to record and communicate messages, facsimile,
or by electronic mail or other electronic means. No further notice shall be required for a regular meeting of the Board of Directors.

(b) Special Meetings. Unless
otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, special meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time and place
within or without the State of Delaware whenever called by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer (if a director), or
any director.

(c) Meetings by Electronic
Communications Equipment. Any member of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting by means of
conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other,
and participation in a meeting by such means shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.

8

(d) Notice of Special Meetings.
Notice of the time and place of all special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be orally or in writing, by telephone, including
a voice messaging system or other system or technology designed to record and communicate messages, facsimile, telegraph or telex, or
by electronic mail or other electronic means, during normal business hours, at least twenty-four (24) hours before the date and time of
the meeting. If notice is sent by US mail, it shall be sent by first class mail, postage prepaid at least three (3) days before the date
of the meeting. Notice of any meeting may be waived in writing or by electronic transmission at any time before or after the meeting and
will be waived by any director by attendance thereat, except when the director attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting,
at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.

(e) Waiver of Notice. The
transaction of all business at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or any committee thereof, however called or noticed, or wherever
held, shall be as valid as though had at a meeting duly held after regular call and notice, if a quorum be present and if, either before
or after the meeting, each of the directors not present who did not receive notice shall sign a written waiver of notice or shall waive
notice by electronic transmission. All such waivers shall be filed with the corporate records or made a part of the minutes of the meeting.

Section 4.8 Quorum and Voting.

(a) Unless the Certificate
of Incorporation requires a greater number, a quorum of the Board of Directors shall consist of a majority of the total number of directors
then serving; provided, however, that such number shall never be less than one-third (1/3) of the total number of directors except that
when one director is authorized, then one director shall constitute a quorum. At any meeting, whether a quorum be present or otherwise,
a majority of the directors present may adjourn from time to time until the time fixed for the next regular meeting of the Board of Directors,
without notice other than by announcement at the meeting. If the Certificate of Incorporation provides that one or more directors shall
have more or less than one vote per director on any matter, every reference in this Section to a majority or other proportion of the directors
shall refer to a majority or other proportion of the votes of the directors.

(b) At each meeting of the
Board of Directors at which a quorum is present, all questions and business shall be determined by the affirmative vote of a majority
of the directors present, unless a different vote be required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.

Section 4.9 Action Without Meeting. Unless otherwise restricted
by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors
or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be,
consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and such writing or writings or transmission or transmissions are filed with
the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in
paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form.

Section 4.10 Fees and Compensation. Directors shall be entitled
to such compensation for their services as may be approved by the Board of Directors, including, if so approved, by resolution of the
Board of Directors, a fixed sum and expenses of attendance, if any, for attendance at each regular or special meeting of the Board of
Directors and at any meeting of a committee of the Board of Directors. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any director
from serving the corporation in any other capacity as an officer, agent, employee, or otherwise and receiving compensation therefor.

9

Section 4.11 Committees.

(a) Executive Committee. The
Board of Directors may appoint an Executive Committee to consist of one (1) or more members of the Board of Directors. The Executive Committee,
to the extent permitted by law and provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors, shall have and may exercise all the powers and
authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the corporation, and may authorize the seal of the
corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to
(i) approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders, any action or matter expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to
stockholders for approval, or (ii) adopting, amending or repealing any bylaw of the corporation.

(b) Other Committees. The
Board of Directors may, from time to time, appoint such other committees as may be permitted by law. Such other committees appointed by
the Board of Directors shall consist of one (1) or more members of the Board of Directors and shall have such powers and perform such
duties as may be prescribed by the resolution or resolutions creating such committees, but in no event shall any such committee have the
powers denied to the Executive Committee in these Bylaws.

(c) Term. The Board of Directors,
subject to the provisions of paragraphs (a) or (b) of this Section may at any time increase or decrease the number of members of a committee
or terminate the existence of a committee. The membership of a committee member shall terminate on the date of his or her death or voluntary
resignation from the committee or from the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may at any time for any reason remove any individual
committee member and the Board of Directors may fill any committee vacancy created by death, resignation, removal or increase in the number
of members of the committee. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may
replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee, and, in addition, in the absence or disqualification of any
member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they
constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent
or disqualified member.

(d) Meetings. Unless the Board
of Directors shall otherwise provide, regular meetings of the Executive Committee or any other committee appointed pursuant to this Section
shall be held at such times and places as are determined by the Board of Directors, or by any such committee, and when notice thereof
has been given to each member of such committee, no further notice of such regular meetings need be given thereafter. Special meetings
of any such committee may be held at any place which has been determined from time to time by such committee, and may be called by any
director who is a member of such committee, upon notice to the members of such committee of the time and place of such special meeting
given in the manner provided for the giving of notice to members of the Board of Directors of the time and place of special meetings of
the Board of Directors. Notice of any special meeting of any committee may be waived in writing at any time before or after the meeting
and will be waived by any director by attendance thereat, except when the director attends such special meeting for the express purpose
of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.
Unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors in the resolutions authorizing the creation of the committee, a majority of the authorized
number of members of any such committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the act of a majority of those
present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of such committee.

Section 4.12 Organization. At every meeting of the Board
of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, or, if a Chairman has not been appointed or is absent, the Chief Executive Officer
(if a director), or if the Chief Executive Officer is not a director or is absent, the President (if a director), or if the President
is not a director or is absent, the most senior Vice President (if a director) or, in the absence of any such person, a chairman of the
meeting chosen by a majority of the directors present, shall preside over the meeting. The Secretary, or in his or her absence, any Assistant
Secretary directed to do so by the Chief Executive Officer or President, shall act as secretary of the meeting.

10

ARTICLE V

OFFICERS

Section 5.1 Officers Designated. The officers of the corporation
shall include, if and when designated by the Board of Directors, the President and the Secretary, all of whom shall be elected at the
annual organizational meeting of the Board of Directors. If there is no Chief Executive Officer appointed, then the President shall also
serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the corporation and shall have the powers and duties prescribed in Section 5.2(c). The Board of
Directors may also appoint one or more Assistant Secretaries, Assistant Treasurers, Assistant Controllers and such other officers and
agents with such powers and duties as it shall deem necessary. The Board of Directors may assign such additional titles as it shall deem
appropriate. Any one person may hold any number of offices of the corporation at any one time unless specifically prohibited therefrom
by law. The salaries and other compensation of the officers of the corporation shall be fixed by or in the manner designated by the Board
of Directors.

Section 5.2 Tenure and Duties of Officers.

(a) General. All officers
shall hold office at the pleasure of the Board of Directors and until their successors shall have been duly elected and qualified, unless
sooner removed. Any officer elected or appointed by the Board of Directors may be removed at any time by the Board of Directors. If the
office of any officer becomes vacant for any reason, the vacancy may be filled by the Board of Directors, or by the Chief Executive Officer
or other officer if so authorized by the Board of Directors.

(b) Duties of Chairman of
the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board of Directors, when present, shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and the
Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform
such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time. If there is no Chief Executive
Officer and no President, then the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall also serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the corporation
and shall have the powers and duties prescribed in paragraph (c) of this Section.

(c) Duties of Chief Executive
Officer. The Chief Executive Officer shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and (if a director) at all meetings of the Board
of Directors, unless the Chairman of the Board of Directors has been appointed and is present. The Chief Executive Officer shall be the
chief executive officer of the corporation and shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction
and control of the business and officers of the corporation. The Chief Executive Officer shall perform other duties commonly incident
to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors shall designate from time
to time.

(d) Duties of President. In
the absence or disability of the Chief Executive Officer or if the office of Chief Executive Officer is vacant, the President shall preside
at all meetings of the stockholders and (if a director) at all meetings of the Board of Directors, unless the Chairman of the Board of
Directors has been appointed and is present. If the office of Chief Executive Officer is vacant, the President shall be the chief executive
officer of the corporation and shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction and control
of the business and officers of the corporation. The President shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also
perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time.

11

(e) Duties of Vice Presidents.
The Vice Presidents may assume and perform the duties of the President in the absence or disability of the President or whenever the office
of President is vacant. The Vice Presidents shall perform other duties commonly incident to their office and shall also perform such other
duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the President shall designate from time to time.

(f) Duties of Secretary. The
Secretary shall attend all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors and shall record all acts and proceedings thereof
in the minute book of the corporation. The Secretary shall give notice in conformity with these Bylaws of all meetings of the stockholders
and of all meetings of the Board of Directors and any committee thereof requiring notice. The Secretary shall perform all other duties
provided for in these Bylaws and other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other
powers as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time. The Chief Executive Officer may direct any Assistant Secretary to
assume and perform the duties of the Secretary in the absence or disability of the Secretary, and each Assistant Secretary shall perform
other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors
or the Chief Executive Officer shall designate from time to time.

(g) Duties of Chief Financial
Officer. The Chief Financial Officer shall keep or cause to be kept the books of account of the corporation in a thorough and proper manner
and shall render statements of the financial affairs of the corporation in such form and as often as required by the Board of Directors
or the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Financial Officer, subject to the order of the Board of Directors, shall have the custody of
all funds and securities of the corporation. The Chief Financial Officer shall perform other duties commonly incident to his or her office
and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer shall designate
from time to time. The Chief Executive Officer may direct the Treasurer or any Assistant Treasurer, or the Controller or any Assistant
Controller to assume and perform the duties of the Chief Financial Officer in the absence or disability of the Chief Financial Officer,
and each Treasurer and Assistant Treasurer and each Controller and Assistant Controller shall perform other duties commonly incident to
the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer
shall designate from time to time.

Section 5.3 Delegation of Authority. The Board of Directors
may from time-to-time delegate the powers or duties of any officer to any other officer or agent, notwithstanding any provision hereof.

Section 5.4 Resignations. Any officer may resign at any time
by giving notice in writing or by electronic transmission notice to the Board of Directors or to the Chief Executive Officer or to the
President or to the Secretary. Any such resignation shall be effective when received by the person or persons to whom such notice is given,
unless a later time is specified therein, in which event the resignation shall become effective at such later time. Unless otherwise specified
in such notice, the acceptance of any such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation shall be without prejudice
to the rights, if any, of the corporation under any contract with the resigning officer.

Section 5.5 Removal. Any officer may be removed from office
at any time, either with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors in office at the time, or by the unanimous
written or electronic consent of the directors in office at the time, or by any committee or superior officers upon whom such power of
removal may have been conferred by the Board of Directors.

12

ARTICLE VI

EXECUTION OF CORPORATE INSTRUMENTS AND VOTING
OF SECURITIES OWNED BY THE CORPORATION

Section 6.1 Execution of Corporate Instruments. The Board
of Directors may, in its discretion, determine the method and designate the signatory officer or officers, or other person or persons,
to execute on behalf of the corporation any corporate instrument or document, or to sign on behalf of the corporation the corporate name,
or to enter into contracts on behalf of the corporation, except where otherwise provided by law or these Bylaws, and such execution or
signature shall be binding upon the corporation. All checks and drafts drawn on banks or other depositaries of funds to the credit of
the corporation or on special accounts of the corporation shall be signed by such person or persons as the Board of Directors shall authorize
so to do. Unless authorized or ratified by the Board of Directors or within the agency power of an officer, no officer, agent or employee
shall have any power or authority to bind the corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable
for any purpose or for any amount.

Section 6.2 Voting of Securities Owned by the Corporation.
All stock and other securities of other corporations owned or held by the corporation for itself, or for other parties in any capacity,
shall be voted, and all proxies with respect thereto shall be executed, by the person authorized so to do by resolution of the Board of
Directors, or, in the absence of such authorization, by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President,
or any Vice President.

ARTICLE VII

SHARES OF STOCK

Section 7.1 Form and Execution of Certificates. The shares
of the corporation shall be represented by certificates or shall be uncertificated. Certificates for the shares of stock, if any, of the
corporation shall be in such form as is consistent with the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law. Every holder of shares of
stock in the corporation represented by certificate shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by or in the name of the corporation
by any two authorized officers, including but not limited to the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer,
any Vice President, the Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer or the Secretary or Assistant Secretary, certifying the number of shares owned
by him or her in the corporation. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be facsimiles. In case any officer, transfer agent,
or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer
agent, or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if he or she were such officer, transfer
agent, or registrar at the date of issue.

Section 7.2 Lost Certificates. A new certificate or certificates
shall be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen, or
destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen, or destroyed.
The corporation may require, as a condition precedent to the issuance of a new certificate or certificates, the owner of such lost, stolen,
or destroyed certificate or certificates, or the owners legal representative, to agree to indemnify the corporation in such manner
as it shall require or to give the corporation a surety bond in such form and amount as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that
may be made against the corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed.

13

Section 7.3 Restrictions on Transfer.

(a) The corporation shall
have power to enter into and perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes of stock of the corporation
to restrict the sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, or other disposal of or encumbering of any of the shares of stock of the corporation
or any right or interest therein, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, or by gift or otherwise (each, a Transfer)
of shares of stock of the corporation of any one or more classes owned by such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the DGCL.

(b) Transfers of record of
shares of stock of the corporation shall be made only upon its books by the holders thereof, in person or by attorney duly authorized,
and, in the case of stock represented by certificate, upon the surrender of a properly endorsed certificate or certificates for a like
number of shares.

(c) If the stockholder desires
to sell or otherwise Transfer any of his or her shares of stock, then the stockholder shall first give written notice thereof to the corporation.
The notice shall name the proposed transferee and state the number of shares to be transferred, the proposed consideration, and all other
terms and conditions of the proposed Transfer.

Section 7.4 Fixing Record Dates.

(a) In order that the corporation
may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of
Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record
date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall, subject to applicable law, not be more than sixty (60) nor less
than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining
stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day immediately preceding
the day on which notice is given, or if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day immediately preceding the day on which the
meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to
any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.

(b) In order that the corporation
may determine the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the Board of Directors may fix a
record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of
Directors, and which date shall not be more than ten (10) days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted
by the Board of Directors. Any stockholder of record seeking to have the stockholders authorize or take corporate action by written consent
shall, by written notice to the Secretary, request the Board of Directors to fix a record date. The Board of Directors shall promptly,
but in all events within ten (10) days after the date on which such a request is received, adopt a resolution fixing the record date.
If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors within ten (10) days of the date on which such a request is received, the record
date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board
of Directors is required by applicable law, shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or
proposed to be taken is delivered to the corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place
of business or an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are
recorded. Delivery made to the corporations registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt
requested. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors and prior action by the Board of Directors is required by law, the
record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting shall be at the close of
business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action.

14

(c) In order that the corporation
may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders
entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action,
the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing
the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than sixty (60) days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed,
the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors
adopts the resolution relating thereto.

Section 7.5 Registered Stockholders. The corporation shall
be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends, and to vote
as such owner, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of
any other person whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware.

ARTICLE VIII

FISCAL YEAR

Section 8.1 Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the corporation
shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE IX

INDEMNIFICATION

Section 9.1 Indemnification of Directors, Executive Officers,
Employees and Other Agreements.

(a) Directors and Executive
Officers. The corporation shall indemnify its directors and executive officers (for the purposes of this Article, executive officers
shall have the meaning defined in Rule 3b-7 promulgated under the 1934 Act) to the fullest extent not prohibited by the DGCL or any other
applicable law; provided, however, that the corporation may modify the extent of such indemnification by individual contracts with its
directors and executive officers; and, provided, further, that the corporation shall not be required to indemnify any director or executive
officer in connection with any proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless (i) such indemnification is expressly required
to be made by law, (ii) the proceeding was authorized by the Board of Directors of the corporation, (iii) such indemnification is provided
by the corporation, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the corporation under the DGCL or any other applicable law
or (iv) such indemnification is required to be made under paragraph (d) of this Section.

(b) Other Officers, Employees
and Other Agents. The corporation shall have power to indemnify its other officers, employees and other agents as set forth in the DGCL
or any other applicable law. The Board of Directors shall have the power to delegate the determination of whether indemnification shall
be given to any such person except executive officers to such officers or other persons as the Board of Directors shall determine.

(c) Expenses. The corporation
shall advance to any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action,
suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director
or executive officer of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director or executive officer of
another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, prior to the final disposition of the proceeding, promptly
following request therefor, all expenses incurred by any director or executive officer in connection with such proceeding; provided, however,
that, if the DGCL requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by a director or officer in his or her capacity as a director or officer
(and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such indemnitee, including, without limitation, service to an employee
benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery to the corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all
amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal that
such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this Section or otherwise.

15

Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise determined pursuant
to paragraph (e) of this Section, no advance shall be made by the corporation to an executive officer of the corporation (except by reason
of the fact that such executive officer is or was a director of the corporation, in which event this paragraph shall not apply) in any
action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, if a determination is reasonably and promptly made
(i) by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the proceeding, even if not a quorum, or (ii) by a
committee of such directors designated by a majority of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (iii) if there are no such
directors, or such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, that the facts known to the decision-making
party at the time such determination is made demonstrate clearly and convincingly that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that
such person did not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation.

(d) Enforcement. Without the
necessity of entering into an express contract, all rights to indemnification and advances to directors and executive officers under this
Section shall be deemed to be contractual rights and be effective to the same extent and as if provided for in a contract between the
corporation and the director or executive officer. Any right to indemnification or advances granted by this Section to a director or executive
officer or officer shall be enforceable by or on behalf of the person holding such right in any court of competent jurisdiction if (i)
the claim for indemnification or advances is denied, in whole or in part, or (ii) no disposition of such claim is made within ninety (90)
days of request therefor. The claimant in such enforcement action, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid also
the expense of prosecuting the claim. In connection with any claim for indemnification, the corporation shall be entitled to raise as
a defense to any such action that the claimant has not met the standards of conduct that make it permissible under the DGCL or any other
applicable law for the corporation to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed. In connection with any claim by an executive officer
of the corporation (except in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the
fact that such executive officer is or was a director of the corporation) for advances, the corporation shall be entitled to raise as
a defense as to any such action clear and convincing evidence that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did
not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, or with respect to any criminal action or proceeding that
such person acted without reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was lawful. Neither the failure of the corporation (including
its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such
action that indemnification of the claimant is proper in the circumstances because he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth
in the DGCL or any other applicable law, nor an actual determination by the corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent
legal counsel or its stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action
or create a presumption that claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

16

(e) Non-Exclusivity of Rights.
The rights conferred on any person by this Section shall not be exclusive of any other right which such person may have or hereafter acquire
under any applicable statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested
directors or otherwise, both as to action in his or her official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding office. The
corporation is specifically authorized to enter into individual contracts with any or all of its directors, officers, employees or agents
respecting indemnification and advances, to the fullest extent not prohibited by the DGCL or any other applicable law.

(f) Survival of Rights. The
rights conferred on any person by this Section shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or executive officer and
shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.

(g) Insurance. To the fullest
extent permitted by the DGCL, or any other applicable law, the corporation, upon approval by the Board of Directors, may purchase insurance
on behalf of any person required or permitted to be indemnified pursuant to this Section.

(h) Amendments. Any repeal
or modification of this Section shall only be prospective and shall not affect the rights under this Bylaws in effect at the time of the
alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that is the cause of any proceeding against any agent of the corporation.

(i) Saving Clause. If this
Section or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the corporation shall nevertheless
indemnify each director and executive officer to the full extent not prohibited by any applicable portion of this Bylaw that shall not
have been invalidated, or by any other applicable law. If this Section shall be invalid due to the application of the indemnification
provisions of another jurisdiction, then the corporation shall indemnify each director and executive officer to the full extent under
applicable law.

(j) Certain Definitions. For
the purposes of this Section, the following definitions shall apply:

(1) The term proceeding
shall be broadly construed and shall include,

without limitation, the investigation, preparation, prosecution, defense,
settlement, arbitration and appeal of, and the giving of testimony in, any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding,
whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative.

(2) The term expenses
shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, court costs, attorneys fees, witness fees, fines, amounts paid
in settlement or judgment and any other costs and expenses of any nature or kind incurred in connection with any proceeding.

(3) The term the corporation
shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed
in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors,
officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation,
or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Section with respect
to the resulting or surviving corporation as he would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had
continued.

17

(4) References to a director,
executive officer, officer, employee, or agent of the corporation shall include,
without limitation, situations where such person is serving at the request of the corporation as, respectively, a director, executive
officer, officer, employee, trustee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise.

(5) References to other
enterprises shall include employee benefit plans; references to fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on
a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to serving at the request of the corporation shall include
any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director,
officer, employee, or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good
faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall
be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the corporation as referred to in this Section.

ARTICLE X

NOTICES

Section 10.1 Notices.

(a) Notice to Stockholders.
Written notice to stockholders of stockholder meetings shall be given as provided in these Bylaws. Without limiting the manner by which
notice may otherwise be given effectively to stockholders under any agreement or contract with such stockholder, and except as otherwise
required by law, written notice to stockholders for purposes other than stockholder meetings may be sent by United States mail or nationally
recognized overnight courier, or by facsimile, telegraph or telex or by electronic mail or other electronic means.

(b) Notice to Directors. Any
notice required to be given to any director may be given by the method stated in paragraph (a) of this Section, or as otherwise provided
for in these Bylaws. If such notice is not delivered personally, it shall be sent to such address as such director shall have filed in
writing with the Secretary, or, in the absence of such filing, to the last known post office address of such director.

(c) Affidavit of Mailing.
An affidavit of mailing, executed by a duly authorized and competent employee of the corporation or its transfer agent appointed with
respect to the class of stock affected or other agent, specifying the name and address or the names and addresses of the stockholder or
stockholders, or director or directors, to whom any such notice or notices was or were given, and the time and method of giving the same,
shall in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts therein contained.

(d) Methods of Notice. It
shall not be necessary that the same method of giving notice be employed in respect of all recipients of notice, but one permissible method
may be employed in respect of any one or more, and any other permissible method or methods may be employed in respect of any other or
others.

(e) Notice to Person with
Whom Communication Is Unlawful. Whenever notice is required to be given, under any provision of law or of the Certificate of Incorporation
or Bylaws of the corporation, to any person with whom communication is unlawful, the giving of such notice to such person shall not be
required and there shall be no duty to apply to any governmental authority or agency for a license or permit to give such notice to such
person. Any action or meeting which shall be taken or held without notice to any such person with whom communication is unlawful shall
have the same force and effect as if such notice had been duly given. In the event that the action taken by the corporation is such as
to require the filing of a certificate under any provision of the DGCL, the certificate shall state, if such is the fact and if notice
is required, that notice was given to all persons entitled to receive notice except such persons with whom communication is unlawful.

18

(f) Notice to Stockholders
Sharing an Address. Except as otherwise prohibited under DGCL, any notice given under the provisions of DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation
or the Bylaws shall be effective if given by a single written notice to stockholders who share an address if consented to by the stockholders
at that address to whom such notice is given. Such consent shall have been deemed to have been given if such stockholder fails to object
in writing to the corporation within 60 days of having been given notice by the corporation of its intention to send the single notice.
Any consent shall be revocable by the stockholder by written notice to the corporation.

ARTICLE XI

AMENDMENTS

Section 11.1 Amendments. The Board of Directors is expressly
empowered to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws of the corporation. The stockholders shall also have power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws
of the corporation; provided, however, that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the corporation
required by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, such action by stockholders shall require the affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote generally
in the election of directors, voting together as a single class.

ARTICLE XII

EMERGENCY BYLAWS

Section 12.1 Emergency Bylaws.
This Article XII shall be operative during any emergency, disaster or catastrophe, as referred to in Section 110 of the
DGCL, or other similar emergency condition (including, without limitation, a pandemic), as a result of which a quorum of the Board or
a committee thereof cannot readily be convened for action (each, an Emergency), notwithstanding any different or
conflicting provision of the preceding Sections of these Bylaws or in the Certificate of Incorporation. To the extent not inconsistent
with the provisions of this Article XII, the preceding Sections of these Bylaws and the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation
shall remain in effect during such Emergency, and upon termination of such Emergency, the provisions of this Article XII shall
cease to be operative unless and until another Emergency shall occur.

Section 12.2 Meetings; Notice.
During any Emergency, a meeting of the Board or any committee thereof may be called by any member of the Board or such committee or the
Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary of the Corporation. Notice of the place, date and time
of the meeting shall be given by any available means of communication by the person calling the meeting to such of the directors or committee
members and Designated Officers (as defined below) as, in the judgment of the person calling the meeting, it may be feasible to reach.
Such notice shall be given at such time in advance of the meeting as, in the judgment of the person calling the meeting, circumstances
permit.

Section 12.3 Quorum. At any
meeting of the Board called in accordance with Section 12.2 above, the presence or participation of one director shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and at any meeting of any committee of the Board called in accordance with Section 12.2 above,
the presence or participation of one committee member shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. In the event that no
directors are able to attend a meeting of the Board, or any committee thereof, then the Designated Officers in attendance shall serve
as directors, or committee members, as the case may be, for the meeting, without any additional quorum requirement and will have full
powers to act as directors, or committee members, as the case may be, of the Corporation.

19

Section 12.4 Liability.
No officer, director or employee of the Corporation acting in accordance with the provisions of this Article XII shall be liable
except for willful misconduct.

Section 12.5 Amendments. At
any meeting called in accordance with Section 12.2 above, the Board, or any committee thereof, as the case may be, may
modify, amend or add to the provisions of this Article XII as it deems it to be in the best interests of the Corporation so
as to make any provision that may be practical or necessary for the circumstances of the Emergency.

Section 12.6 Repeal or Change.
The provisions of this Article XII shall be subject to repeal or change by further action of the Board or by action of the stockholders,
but no such repeal or change shall modify the provisions of Section 12.4 above with regard to action taken prior to the
time of such repeal or change.

Section 12.7 Definitions. For
purposes of this Article XII, the term Designated Officer means an officer identified on a numbered list of
officers of the Corporation who shall be deemed to be, in the order in which they appear on the list up until a quorum is obtained, directors
of the Corporation, or members of a committee of the Board, as the case may be, for purposes of obtaining a quorum during an Emergency,
if a quorum of directors or committee members, as the case may be, cannot otherwise be obtained during such Emergency, which officers
have been designated by the Board from time to time but in any event prior to such time or times as an Emergency may have occurred.

20
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023920201ex10-1_defi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, EFFECTIVE AS OF APRIL 17, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND JOHN (FEI) HAN
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement, dated as of April
14, 2025 (this Agreement), is made and entered into by and between Janover Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), and Fei Han (aka John Han) (the Executive and together with the Company, the Parties
and individually a Party).Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth
in Section 11.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, subject to
the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, Company wishes to employ Executive as its Chief Financial Officer and Executive wishes
to be employed by Company as its Chief Financial Officer.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual promises, terms, provisions, and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the adequacy
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

1. Employment. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Company hereby offers,
and Executive hereby accepts employment with Company, as of the date first above written (the Effective Date).

2. Term. The Executives employment hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and
shall continue for 2 (two) years from the Effective Date (the Initial Term), unless terminated earlier pursuant to
the terms of this Agreement; provided that, on expiry of such Initial Term, the Agreement shall be deemed to be automatically extended,
upon the same terms and conditions, for successive periods of one (1) year (each Renewal Term), unless either Party
provides written notice of its intention not to extend the term of the Agreement at least 90 days prior to the applicable renewal date.
The Initial Term and each Renewal Term are hereinafter referred to as the Term.

3. Capacity and Performance.

(a) During the Term, the Executive shall be employed by Company on a full-time basis as its Chief Financial
Officer. Executive shall perform such duties and responsibilities as directed by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board),
consistent with Executives position on behalf of Company.

(b) Executive shall devote his full business time, attention, skill, and best efforts to the performance of
his duties under this Agreement and shall not engage in any other business or occupation during the Term, including, without limitation,
any activity that: (x) conflicts with the interests of the Company or any other member of the Company Group, (y) interferes
with the proper and efficient performance of Executives duties for the Company, or (z) interferes with Executives
exercise of judgment in the Companys best interests. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall preclude Executive from: (i) serving,
with the prior written consent of the Board, as a member of the Board of Directors or Advisory Board (or the equivalent in the case
of a non-corporate entity) of a noncompeting for-profit business and one or more charitable organizations, (ii) engaging
in charitable activities and community affairs, and (iii) managing Executives personal investments and affairs; provided,
however, that the activities set out in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) shall be limited by Executive so as
not to materially interfere, individually or in the aggregate, with the performance of his duties and responsibilities hereunder.

(c) Executives employment with Company shall be exclusive with respect to the business of Company.
Accordingly, during the Term, Executive shall devote Executives full business time and Executives best efforts, business
judgment, skill and knowledge to the advancement of the business and interests of Company and the discharge of Executives duties
and responsibilities hereunder, except for permitted vacation (and other paid time off) periods, reasonable periods of illness
or incapacity, and reasonable and customary time spent on civic, charitable and religious activities, in each case such activities shall
not interfere in any material respect with Executives duties and responsibilities hereunder.

(d) During the Term, the Executive will report directly to the Chief Executive Officer.

(e) The Board shall appoint Executive as the Chief Financial Officer.

(f) Executive shall be employed to perform his duties under this Agreement at the primary office location
of Company, or at such other location or locations as may be mutually agreeable to Executive and Company. Notwithstanding this, it is
expected that the Executive shall be required to travel a reasonable amount of time in the performance of his duties under this Agreement.

4. Compensation and Benefits.

(a) Base Salary. For services performed by Executive under
this Agreement, Company shall pay Executive an annual base salary of $450,000, minus applicable withholdings and deductions, payable
at the same times as salaries are payable to other executives of Company (the Base Salary). During the Term,
the Base Salary shall be reviewed by the Compensation Committee and/or the Board each year, and the Board may, from time to time, increase
such Base Salary and any reference to Base Salary herein shall refer to such Base Salary, as increased.

(b) Annual Bonus. For each fiscal year of the Company
during the Term, the Company shall afford Executive the opportunity to earn an incentive bonus (Bonus) as
described in this Section 4(b). The aggregate target Bonus payable to Executive under such program(s) shall be 65% of the
Base Salary or any other amount set by the Compensation Committee of the Board in its discretion, and shall be payable to the extent
the applicable performance goals are achieved (which goals and payment matrices shall be set by the Compensation Committee of the
Board in its discretion). The amount of the Bonus will be determined by certification by the Board that the applicable goals have been
achieved, and the Board shall promptly provide such certification following the achievement of the applicable goals.

(c) Equity Awards. During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to receive equity awards either
now or in the future, on terms and conditions similar to those applicable to other executive officers of the Company generally, inside
or outside of any established equity plan. The amount and terms of the long-term incentive awards awarded to the Executive shall be set
by the Compensation Committee in its discretion. The RSU award will be evidenced by a restricted stock unit award agreement using the
Companys standard form for employee restricted stock unit award grants under the Companys Equity Incentive Plan (the Equity
Plan), and will be subject to the terms and conditions of such restricted stock unit award agreement and the Equity Plan.

(d) Change in Control. To the extent not already vested, the RSUs granted to Executive (as stated above),
will fully vest upon a Change in Control (and participate fully with other stockholders in such Change in Control) if Executive is providing
services in any capacity to the Company on the date of such Change in Control. In addition, if Executive is providing services as an executive
of the Company on the date of a Change in Control, to the extent not already vested, all other outstanding equity awards, including the
RSU award, will fully vest upon such Change in Control (and participate fully with other stockholders in such Change in Control).

(e) Other Executive Benefits. During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all
executive benefit plans, including health and 401(k) plans, from time to time generally in effect for Companys executives (collectively,
Benefit Plans). Such participation and receipt of benefits under any such Benefit Plans shall be on the same terms (including
cost-sharing between Company and Executive) as are applicable to other Company executives and shall be subject to the terms of the
applicable plan documents and generally applicable Company policies. The Company may alter, modify, add to or delete the Benefit Plans
in a manner nondiscriminatory to Executive at any time in accordance with applicable plan rules.

(f) Vacation. The Executive shall be entitled to an annual vacation of 20 days plus ten established
holiday days per full calendar year of his employment with the Company hereunder. Any unused vacation in one accrued calendar year may
not be carried over to any subsequent calendar year.

(g) Business and Travel Expenses. Company shall pay or reimburse Executive for all reasonable, customary
and necessary business expenses (including cell phone, travel, lodging, networking, and entertainment expenses) which are correctly
documented and incurred or paid by Executive in the performance of Executives duties and responsibilities hereunder, subject to
the rules, regulations, and procedures of Company and in effect from time to time.

2

5. Termination of Employment; Severance Benefits. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2,
the Executives employment hereunder shall terminate under the following circumstances:

(a) Death. If Executives dies during the Term, Executives employment hereunder shall
immediately and automatically terminate. In such event, Company shall pay to Executives designated beneficiary or, if no beneficiary
has been selected by Executive, to Executives estate, the Final Compensation. Company shall have no further obligation hereunder
to Executive, Executives beneficiary, or Executives estate upon the termination of Executives employment under this
Section 5(a) including, specifically, that the provisions of Section 5(d) shall not apply.

(b) Disability.

(i) Company may terminate Executives employment hereunder due to Executives Disability during
the Term by giving Executive thirty (30) days written notice of its intent to terminate, but in no event shall such termination
be effective prior to the expiration of the time periods in the definition of Disability. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Company will, after engaging in an interactive process with Executive to discern whether reasonable accommodation(s) can be provided without
undue hardship upon Company, offer Executive reasonable accommodation(s) to enable Executive to perform the essential functions of Executives
position to the extent required by applicable law (if any) before terminating Executives employment hereunder. Executive may decline
such reasonable accommodation, in which case Executives employment hereunder will terminate as provided in this subsection.

(ii) In the event of such termination for Disability, Executive will receive Executives Final Compensation.
Company shall have no further obligation hereunder to Executive upon termination of Executives employment under this Section
5(d), including, specifically, that the provisions of Section 5(d) shall not apply.

(iii) Subject to Executives rights under the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and
the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), Company may designate another Executive to act in Executives place during any period
of Executives Disability during which Executive is unable to perform the essential functions of Executives position with
or without reasonable accommodation. Notwithstanding any such designation, Executive shall continue to receive the Base Salary in accordance
with Section 4(a) and coverage under the Benefit Plans in accordance with Section 4(b), to the extent permitted by the then-current
terms of the applicable benefit plans and as provided under the FMLA, if applicable, until the earliest to occur of: (A) the
end of the Term, (B) Executive becomes eligible for disability income benefits under Companys disability income plan,
or (C) the termination of Executives employment.

(iv) While receiving disability income payments under Companys disability income plan (if applicable),
Company will continue to pay to Executive Executives Base Salary under Section 4(a), but may offset any such disability
income payments Executive receives against the Base Salary payments. Executive will also continue to participate in the Benefit Plans
in accordance with Section 4(b) and the terms of such Benefit Plans, until the end of the Term or until the termination of
Executives employment, whichever occurs first.

(v) If any question arises as to whether during any period Executive has a Disability as defined herein, Executive
may, and at the request of Company shall, submit to a medical examination by a qualified, unbiased physician selected by Company and reasonably
acceptable to Executive or Executives duly appointed guardian, if any, to determine whether Executive has a Disability and such
determination shall for the purposes of this Agreement be conclusive of the issue.

(c) By Company for Cause. Company may terminate Executives employment hereunder for Cause, as
defined in Section 11(c), at any time upon notice to Executive setting forth in reasonable detail the nature of such Cause. Upon
the giving of notice of termination of Executives employment hereunder for Cause, Executive will receive Executives Final
Compensation. Except as provided herein, Company will have no further obligation to Executive upon termination of Executives employment
under this Section 5(c). Any notice of termination of Executives employment hereunder for Cause, or any notice to Executive
regarding any event, condition or circumstance that, if not cured, if applicable, in accordance with the above, could give rise to a termination
of Executives employment hereunder for Cause, shall set forth in detail the applicable event(s), condition(s) or circumstance(s) constituting
reason(s) or potential reason(s) for such termination hereunder.

3

(d) By Company Other than for Cause or by Executive for Good Reason. Company may terminate Executives
employment hereunder other than for Cause at any time upon thirty (30) days written notice to Executive and Executive
may terminate Executives employment hereunder for Good Reason at any time upon thirty (30) days written notice
to Company.

(i) In the event of a termination of Executives employment under this Section 5(d), in addition
to the Final Compensation, Executive shall receive:

(1) payment of applicable Base Salary for the period of (a) six (6) months from the date of termination, when
the said termination is effected after first anniversary of the Effective Date, or (b) [twelve (12) months] from the date of termination,
when the said termination is effected after second anniversary of the Effective Date; payable in accordance with the Companys regular
payroll practices, less applicable withholdings, commencing at the conclusion of the period set forth in Section 5(d)(iii); and

(2) if the date of termination occurs after the end of a calendar year but prior to the date on which a Bonus
is paid under Section 4(b), payment of such Bonus as determined under Section 4(b) shall be at the time proscribed by Section
4(b); and

(3) payment of a pro-rata portion of the amount of Executives Bonus for the year in which termination
occurs that would have been payable based on actual performance determined under the terms of the Bonus as then in effect for such year,
with such pro-rata portion calculated by multiplying the amount of such bonus for the year in which such termination occurs (as
determined by the Board based on actual performance for such year) by a number: (x) the numerator of which is the number
of days worked by Executive during the year of such termination, and (y) the denominator of which is three hundred sixty-five (365),
with such payment to be made after the determination of the Bonus pursuant to Section 4(b).

(ii) If the Executive timely and properly elects health continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus
Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (COBRA), the Company shall reimburse the Executive for the monthly COBRA premium
paid by the Executive for himself and his dependents. Such reimbursement shall be paid to the Executive on the 1st day of the month immediately
following the month in which the Executive timely remits the premium payment. The Executive shall be eligible to receive such reimbursement
until the earliest of:

(1) the first anniversary of the date of termination (provided, however, if the date of termination is
after the first anniversary of the Effective Date, the period pursuant to this subsection (1) shall be six (6) months after
the date of termination);

(2) the date the Executive is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage; and

(3) the date on which the Executive receives substantially similar coverage from another employer or other
source.

(iii) Any obligation of Company to Executive under this Section 5(d) (other than for the Final Compensation
or for benefits required by law) is conditioned upon Executives execution and delivery to Company and the expiration of all
applicable statutory revocation periods of a release of claims in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Executive
Release), provided, that the terms of such Executive Release shall be subject to modification to the extent necessary to comply
with: (a) the fact that Company is simultaneously terminating more than one executive as part of a group termination decision
or (b) changes in applicable law, if any, occurring after the date hereof, and prior to the date such Executive Release is executed.

(e) By Executive Other than for Good Reason. Executive may terminate Executives employment hereunder
other than for Good Reason upon thirty (30) days written notice to Company; provided, that Company may,
in its sole and absolute discretion, by written notice accelerate such date of termination. In the event of a termination of Executives
employment under this Section 5(e), Executive will receive the Final Compensation. Company shall have no further obligation hereunder
to Executive upon termination of Executives employment under this Section 5(e).

4

(f) Change in Control Severance. Except as otherwise set forth herein, if a Change in Control occurs,
and on, or at any time during the 6 months following, the Change in Control, (i) the Company terminates Executives employment for
any reason other than Cause or Disability, or (ii) Executive terminates Executives employment for Good Reason, Executive shall
be entitled to the following benefits:

(i) The Company shall pay Executive, in a lump sum within 60 days following termination of Executives
employment, severance equal to two times the sum of Executives Base Salary.

(ii) Executive also shall be entitled to receive any and all vested benefits accrued under any other incentive
plans to the date of termination of employment, the amount, entitlement to, form, and time of payment of such benefits to be determined
by the terms of such incentive plans. For purposes of calculating Executives benefits under the incentive plans, Executives
employment shall be deemed to have terminated under circumstances that have the most favorable result for Executive under the applicable
incentive plan.

(iii) If, upon the date of termination of Executives employment, Executive holds any awards with respect
to securities of the Company, (i) all such awards that are restricted stock units/options shall immediately become vested and exercisable
upon such date and shall be exercisable thereafter until the earlier of the third (3rd) year
anniversary of Executives termination of employment or the expiration of the full term of the restricted stock units/options; (ii)
all restrictions on any such awards of restricted stock, restricted stock units or other awards shall terminate or lapse, and all such
awards of restricted stock, restricted stock units or other awards shall be vested and payable; and (iii) all performance goals applicable
to any such performance-based awards that are in cycle (i.e., the performance period is not yet complete) shall be deemed
satisfied at the target level (assuming 100% payout), and (iv) all such awards shall be paid in accordance with the terms
of the applicable award agreement. The provisions of this subsection shall be subject (and defer) to the provisions of any incentive plan,
award agreement or other agreement as it relates to an individual award to the extent such provisions provide treatment that is more favorable
to Executive than the treatment described in this subsection and such more favorable provisions in such incentive plan, award agreement
or other agreement shall supersede any inconsistent or contrary provision of this subsection. All of Executives awards with respect
to securities of the Company that are outstanding upon the date of termination of Executives employment shall continue to be subject
to, and enjoy the benefits and protections under, the terms of the incentive plan, the award agreement and any other plan, agreement,
policy or other arrangement to which such awards are subject as of the effective date of Executives participation, including any
employment security agreement or other written compensation arrangement (even if the remaining terms thereof are waived), without application
of this subsection.

(iv) Executive and Executives spouse and other qualified beneficiaries shall be eligible for continued
coverage as follows:

(A) If the Executive, Executives spouse and/or Executives other qualified beneficiaries are
enrolled under a group health plan as defined by COBRA, on the date of termination of Executives employment, Executive, Executives
spouse and/or Executives qualified beneficiaries may elect to continue such coverage under COBRA, except that the maximum coverage
period shall be extended to no less than the Severance Period (but no more than 1 year) for that Executive, unless, after electing COBRA,
the individual attains age 65 and becomes eligible for Medicare, in which case COBRA shall end for that individual. If Executive, Executives
spouse and/or Executives other qualified beneficiaries elect COBRA coverage, the Company shall pay a portion of the COBRA costs
for the Severance Period for that Executive (subject to any earlier termination of COBRA). The portion to be paid by the Company shall
equal the amount necessary so that the total of the COBRA costs paid by Executive is equal to the costs that would have been paid by Executive
for such coverage as an active employee immediately prior to termination of Executives employment or, if less, prior to the Change
in Control. The cost of COBRA coverage paid by the Company may be taxable income to the Executive and reported on Executives Internal
Revenue Service Form W-2. Executive, Executives spouse and/or Executives qualified beneficiaries may continue coverage under
COBRA after the Severance Period for that Executive, provided they pay the full COBRA costs and COBRA otherwise remains available.

5

(B) The benefits and/or extended coverage provided under this subsection shall cease prior to the date such
benefits and/or extended coverage would otherwise end under subsection if and when Executive (A) obtains employment with another employer
during the Severance Period and becomes eligible for coverage under any substantially similar plan provided by his/her new employer or
(B) fails to pay the required active employee portion of the cost of coverage provided under this subsection in the time and manner specified
by the Company or its designee.

(v) Executive shall be entitled to payment for any accrued but unused vacation in accordance with the Companys
policy in effect at the time of termination of Executives employment, in a lump sum within 60 days following such termination.
Executive shall not be entitled to receive any payments or other compensation attributable to vacation that would have been earned had
Executives employment continued during the Severance Period, and Executive waives any right to receive any such compensation.

(vi) The Company shall, at the Companys expense, provide Executive with 12 months of executive outplacement
services with a professional outplacement firm selected by the Company; provided that Executive must use the outplacement services by
no later than the end of the second calendar year following the calendar year in which the termination of Executives employment
occurred and the total cost of such outplacement services must not exceed any per individual cap on such amounts in the Companys
agreement with the professional outplacement firm selected by the Company.

(vii) Executive shall not be entitled to reimbursement for any other fringe benefits or perquisite payments
during the Severance Period, including but not limited to dues and expenses related to club memberships, automobile, cell phone, expenses
for professional services, executive physicals, and other similar perquisites.

(viii) The Company shall pay as incurred (within ten calendar days following the Companys receipt of an
invoice from Executive) Executives out-of-pocket expenses, including attorneys fees, incurred by Executive at any time from
the date of this Agreement through Executives remaining lifetime or, if longer, the statute of limitations for contract claims
under applicable state law, in connection with any action taken to enforce the Executives rights under this Agreement or construe
or determine the validity of this Agreement or otherwise in connection herewith, including any claim or legal action or proceeding, whether
brought by Executive or the Company or another party; provided, Executive must be successful through judgment in his/her favor with respect
to such action in order to recover fees under this Section 5(f)(viii); provided further, that Executive shall have submitted an
invoice for such fees and expenses at least fifteen calendar days before the end of the calendar year next following the calendar year
in which such fees and expenses were incurred. The amount of such legal fees and expenses that the Company is obligated to pay in any
given calendar year shall not affect the legal fees and expenses that the Company is obligated to pay in any other calendar year, and
Executives right to have the Company pay such legal fees and expenses may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit.
The Companys obligation to pay Executives eligible legal fees and expenses under this Section 5(f)(viii) shall not
be conditioned upon the termination of Executives employment.

6. Effect of Termination.

(a) Upon termination of Executives employment hereunder and subject to the provisions of Section
5 and Section 6(c), Companys entire obligation to Executive shall be payment of Final Compensation.

(b) In connection with the cessation of Executives service as Chief Financial Officer of Company for
any reason, except as may otherwise be requested by the Company in writing and agreed upon in writing by Executive, Executive shall be
deemed to have resigned from any and all directorships, committee memberships, and any other positions Executive holds with the Company
or any other member of the Company Group. Executive hereby agrees that no further action is required by Executive or any of the preceding
to make the transitions and resignations provided for in this paragraph effective, but Executive nonetheless agrees to execute any documentation
Company reasonably requests at the time to confirm it and to not reassume any such service or position without the written consent of
Company.

6

(c) Except as otherwise required by Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act or any similar federal
or state law, benefits shall continue or terminate pursuant to the terms of the applicable benefit plan or agreement, without regard to
any continuation of Base Salary or other payment to Executive following such date of termination.

(d) The provisions of this Section 6 shall apply to any termination of employment. Provisions of this
Agreement will survive any termination if so provided herein or if necessary or desirable to accomplish the purposes of other surviving
provisions, including, without limitation, the obligations of Executive under Section 7 through Section 9.

(e) Any termination of Executives employment with Company under this Agreement shall automatically
be deemed to be simultaneous resignation of all other positions and titles (including any director positions) that Executive
holds with Company and any Affiliate or subsidiary thereof. This Section 6(e) shall constitute a resignation notice for such purposes.

(f) Upon termination of the Executives employment or upon the Companys request at any other
time, the Executive will deliver to the Company all of the Companys property, equipment, and documents, together with all copies
thereof, and any other material containing or disclosing any Intellectual Property or Confidential Information and certify in writing
that the Executive has fully complied with the foregoing obligation. The Executive agrees that the Executive will not copy, delete, or
alter any Company computer equipment information before the Executive returns it to the Company. In addition, if the Executive has used
any personal computer, server, or email system to receive, store, review, prepare or transmit any Company information, including but not
limited to, Confidential Information, the Executive agrees to provide the Company with a computer-usable copy of all such Confidential
Information and then permanently delete and expunge such Confidential Information from those systems; and the Executive agrees to provide
the Company access to the Executives system as reasonably requested to verify that the necessary copying and/or deletion is completed.

7. Confidential Information.

(a) Executive acknowledges that Company continually develops Confidential Information, that Executive may
develop Confidential Information for Company and that Executive may learn of Confidential Information during the course of employment
with Company. Executive will comply with the policies and procedures of Company for protecting Confidential Information and shall not
disclose to any Person or use, other than as required by applicable law, regulation or process or for the proper performance of Executives
duties and responsibilities to Company, any Confidential Information obtained by Executive incidental to Executives employment
or other association with Company. Executive understands that this restriction shall continue to apply after Executives employment
terminates, regardless of the reason for such termination.

(b) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 7 to the contrary, nothing contained herein
shall prevent Executive from disclosing any Confidential Information required by law, subpoena, court order or other legal processes to
be disclosed; provided, that, Executive shall give prompt written notice to Company of such requirement, disclose no more information
than is so required and cooperate, at Companys cost and expense, with any attempt by Company to obtain a protective order or similar
treatment with respect to such information.

(c) Pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Executive understands that:

(i) Executive may not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for
the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly,
or to an attorney and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or is made in a complaint or
other document that is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding; and

(ii) if Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law,
Executive may disclose the employers trade secrets to Executives attorney and use the trade secret information in the court
proceeding if Executive files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant
to court order.

7

8. Assignment of Rights to Intellectual Property.
Executive shall promptly and fully disclose to Company all Intellectual Property developed
for the benefit of Company in the course of Executives employment by Company. Executive
hereby assigns and agrees to assign to Company (or as otherwise directed by Company) Executives
full right, title, and interest in and to all such Intellectual Property. Executive agrees
to execute any and all applications for domestic and foreign patents, copyrights or other
proprietary rights and to do such other acts (including without limitation the execution
and delivery of instruments of further assurance or confirmation) requested by Company (at
Companys expense) to assign to Company the Intellectual Property developed for
the benefit of Company in the course of Executives employment by Company and to permit
Company to enforce any patents, copyrights or other proprietary rights to the Intellectual
Property. Executive will not charge Company for time spent in complying with these obligations.
All copyrightable works that Executive creates developed for the benefit of Company in the
course of Executives employment by Company shall be considered work
made for hire.

9. Restricted Activities. Executive agrees that the restrictions on Executives activities during
and after Executives employment set forth below are necessary to protect the goodwill, Confidential Information and other legitimate
interests of Company and its successors and assigns:

(a) During the Term of this Agreement and during the Restricted Period following termination of employment,
Executive will not, without the prior written consent of Company, directly or indirectly, and whether as principal or investor or as an
Executive, officer, director, manager, partner, consultant, agent, or otherwise, alone or in association with any other Person, firm,
corporation, or other business organization, engage or otherwise become involved in a Competing Business (as defined below) in
any country in which the Company conducted business during the Term; provided, however, that the provisions of this Section 9 shall
apply solely to those activities of a Competing Business which are congruent with those activities with which Executive was personally
involved or for which Executive was responsible while employed by the Company or its subsidiaries during the twelve (12) month
period preceding termination of Executives employment. This Section 9 will not be violated, however, by Executives
investment of up to $500,000 in the aggregate in one or more publicly-traded companies that engage in a Competing Business. Competing
Business means a business or enterprise (other than Company or its subsidiaries) engaged in the commercial mortgage
brokerage, commercial mortgage marketplace, and any other business directly competing with the business of the Company as currently conducted
or otherwise conducted by the Company during the Term (the Restricted Activities). Restricted Period means
twenty-four (24) months.

(b) During the Term of this Agreement and during the Restricted Period (as defined above), Executive
will not engage in any Wrongful Solicitation. A Wrongful Solicitation shall be deemed to occur when Executive
directly or indirectly (except in the course of Executives employment with Company), for the purpose of conducting or engaging
in a Competing Business, calls upon, solicits, advises or otherwise does, or attempts to do, business with any Person who is, or was,
during the then most recent 12-month period, a customer of Company or any of its subsidiaries, or takes away or interferes or attempts
to take away or interfere with any custom, trade, business, patronage or affairs of Company or any of its subsidiaries, or hires or attempts
to hire any Person who is, or was during the most recent 12-month period, an Executive, officer, representative or agent of Company or
any of its subsidiaries, or solicits, induces, or attempts to solicit or induce any Person who is an Executive, officer, representative
or agent of Company or any of its subsidiaries to leave the employ or agency of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or violate the
terms of their contract, or any employment consulting or agent agreement, with it.

(c) It is expressly understood and agreed that although Executive and Company consider the restrictions contained
in this Section 9 to be reasonable if a court makes a final judicial determination of competent jurisdiction that the time or territory
or any other restriction contained in this Agreement is an unenforceable restriction against Executive, the provisions of this Agreement
shall not be rendered void but shall be deemed amended to apply as to such maximum time and territory and to such maximum extent as the
court may judicially determine or indicate to be enforceable. Alternatively, if any court of competent jurisdiction finds that any restriction
contained in this Agreement is unenforceable, and such restriction cannot be amended so as to make it enforceable, such finding shall
not affect the enforceability of any of the other restrictions contained herein.

8

(d) Executive expressly understands that in the event of a violation of any period specified in this Section
9, such period shall be extended by a period of time equal to that period beginning with the commencement of any such violation and
ending when such violation shall have been finally terminated in good faith.

10. Enforcement of Covenants. Executive acknowledges that Executive has carefully read and considered
all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the restraints imposed upon Executive pursuant to Sections 7, 8
and 9, and Executive agrees that these restraints are necessary for the reasonable
and proper protection of Company and its successors and assigns and that each and every one of the restraints is reasonable in respect
to the subject matter, length of time and geographic area. Executive further acknowledges that, were Executive to breach any of the covenants
in Section 7, Section 8 and/or Section 9 the damage to the Company would be irreparable. Executive
therefore agrees that Company, in addition to any other remedies available to it, shall be entitled to preliminary and permanent injunctive
relief against any breach or threatened breach by Executive of any of the covenants herein, without any requirement to post a bond or
similar security. The Parties further agree that in the event that any provision of Section 7, Section 8 and/or
Section 9 shall be determined by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable by reason of its being extended over
too great a time, too large a geographic area or too great a range of activities, such provision shall be deemed to be modified to permit
its enforcement to the maximum extent permitted by law.

11. Definitions. Words or phrases that are initially capitalized or within quotation marks shall have
the meanings provided in this Section 11 and as provided elsewhere. For purposes of this Agreement, the following definitions apply:

(a) $ refers to U.S. Dollars.

(b) Affiliate means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person which
directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, such specified
Person (for the purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meanings, the terms controlling, controlled
by and under common control with), as used with respect to any Person, means the possession, directly
or indirectly, of the power to either: (i) direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise, or (ii) vote at least fifty percent (50%) or
more of the securities having voting power for the election of a majority of the directors (or Persons performing similar functions) of
such Person.

(c) Cause means if Executive is discharged by Company on account of the occurrence
of one or more of the following events:

(i) Executives continued refusal or failure to perform (other than by reason of Disability) Executives
material duties and responsibilities to Company if such refusal or failure is not cured within thirty (30) days following written
notice of such refusal or failure by Company to Executive, or Executives continued refusal or failure to follow any reasonable
lawful direction of the Board if such refusal or failure is not cured within thirty (30) days following written notice of such
refusal or failure by Company to Executive;

(ii) willful, grossly negligent or unlawful misconduct by Executive which causes material harm to Company or
its reputation;

(iii) the Company is directed in writing by regulatory or governmental authorities to terminate the employment
of Executive or Executive engages in activities that: (i) are not approved or authorized by the Board, and (ii) cause
actions to be taken by regulatory or governmental authorities that have a material adverse effect on Company; or

(iv) a conviction, plea of guilty, or plea of nolo contendere by Executive, of or with respect to a
criminal offense which is a felony or other crime involving dishonesty, disloyalty, fraud, embezzlement, theft, or similar action(s) (including,
without limitation, acceptance of bribes, kickbacks or self-dealing), or the material breach of Executives fiduciary duties with
respect to Company.

9

(d) Change in Control means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series
of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events:

(i) A transaction or series of transactions (other than an offering of common stock to the general public
through a registration statement filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission) whereby any Person or
related group of persons (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange
Act) (other than the Company, any of its subsidiaries, an Executive benefit plan maintained by the Company or any of its subsidiaries
or a Person that, prior to such transaction, directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common
control with, the Company) directly or indirectly acquires beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13(d)(3) under the Exchange
Act) of securities of the Company possessing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of the Companys securities
outstanding immediately after such acquisition;

(ii) The consummation by the Company (whether directly involving the Company or indirectly involving the Company
through one or more intermediaries) of (x) a merger, consolidation, reorganization, or business combination, or (y) a sale or other disposition
of all or substantially all of the Companys assets in any single transaction or series of related transactions:

(A) which results in the Companys voting securities outstanding immediately before the transaction
continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the Company or the Person that,
as a result of the transaction, controls, directly or indirectly, the Company or owns, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all
of the Companys assets or otherwise succeeds to the business of the Company (the Company or such Person, the Successor
Entity) directly or indirectly, at least a majority of the combined voting power of the Successor Entitys outstanding
voting securities immediately after the transaction, and

(B) after which no Person or group beneficially owns voting securities representing fifty percent (50%) or
more of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity; provided, however, that no Person or group shall
be treated for purposes of this Section 11(d) as beneficially owning fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined voting power of
the Successor Entity solely as a result of the voting power held in the Company prior to the consummation of the transaction.

A transaction shall not constitute a
Change in Control if its sole purpose is to change the State of the Companys incorporation or to create a holding company that
will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Companys securities immediately before such transaction.

(e) Code means
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(f) Company has the meaning ascribed to it in the preamble of this Agreement.

(g) Company Group shall mean the Company together with any of its direct or indirect
subsidiaries.

(h) Compensation Committee shall mean the committee of the Board designated to make
compensation decisions relating to senior executive officers of the Company.

(i) Confidential Information means
any and all nonpublic information of the Company. Confidential Information includes, without
limitation, such information relating to (i) the development, research, testing,
manufacturing, marketing, and financial activities of the Company, (ii) the Services, (iii) the
costs, sources of supply, financial performance, and strategic and/or business plans of Company, (iv) the
identity and special needs of the customers and prospective customers of Company, and (v) the
people and organizations with whom Company has business relationships and those relationships.
Confidential Information also includes any information that Company has received, or may
receive hereafter, belonging to customers or others with any understanding, express or implied,
that the information would not be disclosed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential
Information does not include (x) any information that is or
becomes generally known to the industry or the public through no wrongful act of Executive
or any representative of Executive and (y) any information that is made legitimately
available to Executive by a third Party without breach of any confidentiality obligation.

(j) Disability means Executives inability, due to any illness, injury, accident
or condition of either a physical or psychological nature, to substantially perform Executives duties and responsibilities hereunder
for a period of one hundred twenty (120) consecutive days, or for any one hundred and eighty (180) days during any
period of three hundred and sixty-five (365) consecutive calendar days, exclusive of any leave Executive may take under the
Family and Medical Leave Act, 29 U.S.C. 12101 et seq. (FMLA) or as a reasonable
accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq. (ADA).

10

(k) Final Compensation means the amount equal to the sum of: (i) the Base
Salary earned but not paid through the date of termination of employment, payable not later than the next scheduled payroll date, (ii) any
business and related expenses and allowances incurred by Executive or to which Executive is entitled under Section 4(g) but
unreimbursed on the date of termination of employment; provided that with respect to business expenses unreimbursed under Section
4(g), such expenses and required substantiation and documentation are submitted within one hundred eighty (180) days of
termination in the case of termination on account of Executives death, or thirty (30) days on account of termination
for any reason other than death, and that such expenses are reimbursable under Companys applicable reimbursement policy, and (iii) any
other supplemental compensation, insurance, retirement or other benefits due and payable or otherwise required to be provided under Section
4 in accordance with the terms and conditions of the applicable plan or agreement.

(l) Good Reason means, without Executives express written consent: (i) a
material reduction in the Base Salary, then in effect, except a material diminution generally affecting all of the members of the Companys
management, (ii) a material reduction in job title, position or responsibility, or (iii) a material breach of any
term or condition contained in this Agreement. However, none of the foregoing events or conditions will constitute Good Reason unless (i) Executive
provides Company with written notice of the existence of Good Reason within ninety (90) days following the occurrence thereof, (ii) Company
does not reverse or otherwise cure the event or condition within thirty (30) days of receiving that written notice, and (iii) Executive
resigns Executives employment within thirty (30) days following the expiration of that cure period.

(m) Intellectual Property means inventions, discoveries, developments, methods,
processes, compositions, works, concepts and ideas (whether or not patentable or copyrightable or constituting trade secrets) conceived,
made, created, developed or reduced to practice by Executive (whether alone or with others, whether or not during normal business
hours or on or off Company premises) during Executives employment that relate to either the Services or any prospective activity
of Company or that make use of Confidential Information or any of the equipment or facilities of Company.

(n) Person means an individual, a corporation, a limited liability company, an association,
a partnership, an estate, a trust, and any other entity or organization other than Company.

(o) Sale of Company means the sale of Company to an independent third Party or group
of independent third Parties pursuant to which such Party or Parties acquire: (i) equity interests possessing the voting power
under normal circumstances to elect a majority of the Board of Directors or similar governing body of Company (whether by merger,
consolidation or sale or transfer of such equity interests), or (ii) all or substantially all of Companys assets determined
on a consolidated basis.

(p) Services means all services planned, researched, developed, tested, manufactured,
sold, licensed, leased or otherwise distributed or put into use by Company, together with all products provided or planned by Company,
during Executives employment.

(q) Severance Period shall mean that number of years or partial years following termination
of Executives employment equal to the number of years or partial years of Base Salary that the Executive receives under Section
5(f).

(r) Term End Date shall mean the last day of the Term of this Employment Agreement.

12. Withholding. All payments made by Company under this Agreement may be reduced by any tax or other
amounts required to be withheld by Company under applicable law or by any amounts authorized in writing by Executive.

13. Assignment. Neither Company nor Executive may make any assignment of this Agreement or any interest
herein, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other; provided, however,
that Company may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the consent of Executive in the event of a Sale of Company.
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Company and Executive, their respective successors, executors, administrators,
heirs and permitted assigns.

11

14. Compliance with Code Section 409A.

(a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Executives employment will be
deemed to have terminated on the date of Executive separation from service (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(h)) with
Company.

(b) It is intended that this Agreement will comply with Section 409A of the Code, and any regulations
and guideline issued thereunder (Section 409A) to the extent that any compensation and benefits provided
hereunder constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A. This Agreement shall be interpreted on a basis consistent with
this intent. The Parties will negotiate in good faith to amend this Agreement as necessary to comply with Section 409A in a manner
that preserves the original intent of the Parties to the extent reasonably possible. No action or failure to act, pursuant to this Section 14
shall subject Company to any claim, liability, or expense, and Company shall not have any obligation to indemnify or otherwise protect
Executive from the obligation to pay any taxes pursuant to Section 409A of the Code.

(c) For purposes of the application of Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4)(or any successor provision),
each payment in a series of payments will be deemed a separate payment.

(d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if any amount or benefit
that would constitute non-exempt deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A of the Code would otherwise
be payable or distributable under this Agreement by reason of Executives separation from service during a period in which Executive
is a specified Executive (as defined under Code Section 409A and the final regulations thereunder), then,
subject to any permissible acceleration of payment by Company under Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ii) (domestic relations
order), (j)(4)(iii) (conflicts of interest), or (j)(4)(vi) (payment of employment taxes):

(i) if the payment or distribution is payable in a lump sum, the Executives right to receive payment
or distribution of such non-exempt deferred compensation will be delayed until the earlier of Executives death or the first day
of the seventh month following Executives separation from service; and

(ii) if the payment or distribution is payable over time, the amount of such non-exempt deferred compensation
that would otherwise be payable during the six months immediately following Executives separation from service will be accumulated,
and the Executives right to receive payment or distribution of such accumulated amount will be delayed until the earlier of Executives
death or the first day of the seventh month following Executives separation from service, whereupon the accumulated amount will
be paid or distributed to Executive and the normal payment or distribution schedule for any remaining payments or distributions will resume.

This Section 14(d) should
not be construed to prevent the application of Treas. Reg 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(or any successor provision) to amounts
payable hereunder (or any portion thereof).

15. Golden Parachute Limitation. Notwithstanding anything in this Section or elsewhere in this
Agreement to the contrary, in the event the payments and benefits payable hereunder to or on behalf of Executive (which the Parties
agree will not include any portion of payments allocated to the non-competition and non-solicitation provisions of Section 9) that
are classified as payments of reasonable compensation for purposes of Section 280G of the Code, when added to all other amounts and
benefits payable to or on behalf of Executive, would result in the loss of a deduction under Code Section 280G, or the imposition
of an excise tax under Code Section 4999, the amounts and benefits payable hereunder shall be reduced to such extent as may be necessary
to avoid such loss of deduction or imposition of excise tax. In applying this principle, the reduction shall be made in a manner consistent
with the requirements of Code Section 409A and where two or more economically equivalent amounts are subject to reduction, but payable
at different times, such amounts shall be reduced on a pro-rata basis. All calculations required to be made under this subsection
will be made by the Companys independent public accountants, subject to the right of Executives professional advisors to
review the same. The Parties recognize that the actual implementation of the provisions of this subsection are complex and agree to deal
with each other in good faith to resolve any questions or disagreements arising hereunder.

12

16. Successors.

(a) Companys Successors. Subject to Section 5(f), any successor to the Company (whether
direct or indirect and whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Companys
business and/or assets shall assume the obligations under this Agreement and agree expressly to perform the obligations under this Agreement
in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform such obligations in the absence of a succession.
For all purposes under this Agreement, the term Company shall include any successor to the Companys business
and/or assets which executes and delivers the assumption agreement described in this Section 16 or which becomes bound by the terms
of this Agreement by operation of law.

(b) Executives Successors. The terms of this Agreement and all rights of Executive hereunder
shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, Executives personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators,
successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees

17. Clawback Provisions. Any amounts payable under this Agreement are subject to any policy (whether
in existence as of the Effective Date or later adopted) established by the Company providing for clawback or recovery of amounts
that were paid to the Executive. The Company will make any determination for clawback or recovery in its sole discretion and
in accordance with any applicable law or regulation.

18. Indemnification. Company will indemnify Executive to the fullest extent permitted by law, for all
amounts (including, without limitation, judgments, fines, settlement payments, expenses and reasonable out-of-pocket attorneys
fees) incurred or paid by Executive in connection with any action, suit, investigation or proceeding, or threatened action, suit,
investigation or proceeding, arising out of or relating to the performance by Executive of services for, or the acting by Executive as
a director, officer or Executive of, Company, or any subsidiary of Company. Any fees or other necessary expenses incurred by Executive
in defending any such action, suit, investigation or proceeding shall be paid by Company in advance, subject to Companys right
to seek repayment from Executive if a determination is made that Executive was not entitled to indemnification.

19. Severability. If any portion or provision of this Agreement shall to any extent be declared illegal
or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the remainder of this Agreement, or the application of such portion or provision
in the circumstances other than those as to which it is so declared illegal or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each
portion and provision of this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.

20. Waiver. No waiver of any provision hereof shall be effective unless made in writing and signed
by the waiving Party. The failure of either Party to require the performance of any term or obligation of this Agreement, or the waiver
by either Party of any breach of this Agreement, shall not prevent any subsequent enforcement of such term or obligation or be deemed
a waiver of any subsequent breach.

21. Survival. Section 6 through and including Section 32 shall survive and continue in
full force in accordance with their terms notwithstanding the termination of Executives employment (and hence the Term of
this Agreement) for any reason.

22. Notices. Any and all notices, requests, demands and other communications provided for by this Agreement
shall be in writing and shall be effective when delivered in Person, with respect to notices delivered personally, or upon confirmed receipt
when delivered by facsimile or deposited with a reputable, nationally recognized overnight courier service and addressed or faxed to Executive
at Executives last known address on the books of Company or, in the case of Company, at its principal place of business, attention:
Secretary, Board of Directors.

23. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties (including
with respect to Company, its successors and assigns) with respect to Executives employment and supersedes all prior communications,
agreements and understandings, written or oral, with respect to the terms and conditions of Executives employment.

24. Amendment. This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument signed by Executive
and by an expressly authorized representative of Company.

13

25. Headings. The headings and captions in this Agreement are for convenience only and in no way define
or describe the scope or content of any provision of this Agreement.

26. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be
an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Furthermore, the delivery of a copy of such signature
by facsimile transmission or other electronic exchange methodology shall constitute a valid and binding execution and delivery of this
Agreement by such Party, and such electronic copy shall constitute an enforceable original document. Counterpart signatures need not be
on the same page and shall be deemed effective upon receipt.

27. Additional Obligations. Without implication that the contrary would otherwise be true, Executives
obligations under Section 7, Section 8 and Section 9 are in addition to, and not in limitation of,
any obligations that Executive may have under applicable law (including any law regarding trade secrets, duty of loyalty, fiduciary
duty, unfair competition, unjust enrichment, slander, libel, conversion, misappropriation and fraud).

28. Attorneys Fees. In any action or proceeding brought to enforce any provision of this Agreement,
the prevailing Party shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys fees, costs, and expenses from the other Party to the action
or proceeding. For purposes of this Agreement, the prevailing Party shall be deemed to be that Party who obtains
substantially the result sought, whether by settlement, mediation, judgment or otherwise, and attorneys fees shall
include, without limitation, the reasonable out-of-pocket attorneys fees incurred in retaining counsel for advice, negotiations,
suit, appeal or other legal proceeding, including mediation and arbitration.

29. Confidentiality. The Parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement and each of its provisions
are and shall be treated strictly confidential. During the Term and thereafter, Executive shall not disclose any terms of this Agreement
to any Person or entity without the prior written consent of Company, with the exception of Executives tax, legal or accounting
advisors or for legitimate business purposes of Executive, or as otherwise required by law.

30. No Rule of Construction. This Agreement shall be construed to be neither against nor in favor of
any Party hereto based upon any Partys role in drafting this Agreement, but rather in accordance with the fair meaning hereof.

31. Governing Law. The validity, interpretation, construction
and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of Florida.

32. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EXECUTIVE AND THE COMPANY EXPRESSLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT EITHER MAY HAVE TO A
JURY TRIAL CONCERNING ANY CIVIL ACTION THAT MAY ARISE FROM THIS AGREEMENT OR THE RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES HERETO.

33. Conditions. This Agreement and the Executives continued employment hereunder is conditional
on the Companys satisfaction (determined in the Companys sole discretion) that the Executive has met the legal requirements
to perform the Executives role, including but not limited to satisfactory results of a background and/or credit search or any other
applicable security clearance checks and criminal record checks and other reference checks that the Company performs. The Executive acknowledges
and agrees that in signing this Agreement, and providing the Company with the necessary documentation to perform the checks required for
the Executives role and with references, the Executive is providing consent to the Company or its agent, to performs such checks
and contact the references the Executive provided to the Company.

34. Prior Restrictions. By signing below, the Executive represents that the Executive is not bound
by the terms of any agreement with any Person which restricts in any way the Executives hiring by the Company and the performance
of the Executives expected job duties; the Executive also represents that, during the Executives employment with the Company,
the Executive shall not disclose or make use of any confidential information of any other persons or entities in violation of any of their
applicable policies or agreements and/or applicable law.

35. Independent Legal Counsel. By signing below, the Executive hereby acknowledges that the Executive
has been encouraged to obtain independent legal advice regarding the execution of this Agreement, and that the Executive has either obtained
such advice or voluntarily chosen not to do so, and hereby waives any objections or claims the Executive may make resulting from any failure
on the Executives part to obtain such advice.

36. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall
be deemed an original when executed, but all of which taken together shall constitute the same Agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart
of a signature page to this Agreement by electronic transmission, including in portable document format (.pdf), shall be deemed as effective
as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
this Agreement has been executed by Company (by its duly authorized representative) and by Executive, as of the date first above
written.

JANOVER INC.

By: 

Name: Joseph Onorati

Title: Chief Executive Officer

EXECUTIVE:

FEI (JOHN) HAN

15

EXHIBIT A

Release of Claims

FOR AND IN CONSIDERATION OF the benefits to be
provided me in connection with the termination of my employment, as set forth in that certain Employment Agreement, dated as of April
14, 2025 (the Agreement), between me and Janover Inc. (the Company), or under any severance
pay plan applicable to me, which benefits are conditioned on my signing this Release of Claims and to which I am not otherwise entitled,
and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, I, on my own behalf and on
behalf of my heirs, executors, administrators, beneficiaries, representatives and assigns, and all others connected with me, hereby release
and forever discharge Company and any of its subsidiaries and Affiliates (as that term is defined in Section 11(b) of the
Agreement) and all of their respective past, present and future officers, directors, trustees, equity holders, executives, agents,
managers, joint venturers, representatives, successors and assigns, and all others connected with any of them (collectively, the
Released Parties), both individually and in their official capacities, from any and all causes of action, rights
and claims of any type or description, known or unknown, which I have had in the past, now have, or might now have, through the date of
my signing of this Release of Claims, in any way resulting from, arising out of or connected with my employment by the Company or any
of its Affiliates or the termination of that employment, including, but not limited to, any allegation, claim or violation arising under:
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; the Civil Rights Act of 1991; the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967,
as amended (including the Older Worker Benefit Protection Act); the Equal Pay Act of 1963, as amended; the Americans with Disabilities
Act of 1990; the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993; the Worker Adjustment Retraining and Notification Act; Executive Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974; the Fair Labor Standards Act; any applicable Executive Orders; or their state or local counterparts; or under any
other federal, state or local civil or human rights law, or under any other federal, state or local law, regulation or ordinance; or under
any public policy, contract or tort, or under common law; or arising under any policies, practices or procedures of the Company; or any
claim for wrongful discharge, breach of contract, intentional infliction of emotional distress or defamation; or any claim for costs,
fees or other expenses, including attorneys fees incurred in these matters (all of the foregoing collectively referred to
herein as Claims), other than (i) the right to payment of any vested or accrued benefits under any supplemental
compensation, insurance, retirement and/or other benefit plan or agreement applicable to Executive, (ii) the right to payment
of any amounts owed to me by Company pursuant to Section 5 of the Agreement, (iii) any rights under applicable workers
compensation or unemployment compensation laws, (iv) any rights that survive termination of my employment pursuant to an restricted
stock units/options grant agreement or certificate to purchase the Companys (or an Affiliates) capital stock, (v) any
rights with respect to the Companys (or an Affiliates) capital stock owned by Executive, or (vi) any
rights to indemnification under the Agreement, the Companys by-laws or any other applicable law.

In signing this Release of Claims, I acknowledge
my understanding that I may not sign it prior to the termination of my employment, but that I may consider the terms of this Release of
Claims for up to twenty-one (21) days (or such longer period as the Company may specify) from the later of the date
my employment with the Company terminates or the date I receive this Release of Claims. I also acknowledge that I am advised by the Company
and its Affiliates to seek the advice of an attorney prior to signing this Release of Claims; that I have had sufficient time to consider
this Release of Claims and to consult with an attorney, if I wished to do so, or to consult with any other Person of my choosing before
signing; and that I am signing this Release of Claims voluntarily and with a full understanding of its terms.

I represent that I have not filed against the
Released Parties any complaints, charges, or lawsuits arising out of my employment, or any other matter arising on or prior to the date
of this Release of Claims, and covenant and agree that I will never individually or with any Person file, or commence the filing of, any
charges, lawsuits, complaints or proceedings with any governmental agency, or against the Released Parties with respect to any of the
matters released by me pursuant to this Release of Claims.

I further acknowledge that, in signing this Release
of Claims, I have not relied on any promises or representations, express or implied, that are not set forth expressly in the Agreement.
I understand that I may revoke this Release of Claims at any time within seven (7) days of the date of my signing by written
notice to the Secretary, Board of Directors of the Company (or such other Person as the Company may specify by notice to me given
in accordance with the Agreement) and that this Release of Claims will take effect only upon the expiration of such seven-day revocation
period and only if I have not timely revoked it.

Intending to be legally bound, I have signed this
Release of Claims as of the date written below.

Signature: 

Name: 

Date Signed: 

A-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea023920201ex99-1_defi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED APRIL 22, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

April 22, 2025

Janover Inc. Announces Corporate Name Change to DeFi Development
Corporation 

BOCA RATON, FL April 22, 2025 
Janover Inc. (Nasdaq: JNVR) today announced that it has officially changed its corporate name to DeFi Development Corporation, reflecting
its evolution into a crypto treasury vehicle designed for public market investors.

In connection with the name change, the Company
will change its ticker to the symbol DFDV on the Nasdaq at a future date.

This marks the beginning of a new chapter
for the business, said Joseph Onorati, Chief Executive Officer of DeFi Development Corporation. Our mission is to bring
transparent, crypto-native capital allocation into the public markets and this name change reflects that commitment.

To accompany the transition, the Company will
also be launching a new website www.defidevcorp.com which will feature key treasury disclosures, including current
Solana (SOL) balances, SOL per share (SPS), and other key metrics that provide public market investors with clear visibility
into treasury positioning.

The name and future ticker change do not affect
the Companys legal structure, business operations, or existing financial reporting obligations. Shareholders are not required to
take any action in connection with the change.

Further updates will be provided via regular press
releases and regulatory filings.

About DeFi Development Corporation

DeFi Development Corporation, formerly Janover
Inc. (Nasdaq: JNVR), has adopted a treasury policy under which the principal holding in its treasury reserve on the balance sheet will
be allocated to Solana (SOL). In adopting its new treasury policy, the Company intends to provide investors a way to access the Solana
ecosystem. The Companys treasury policy is expected to provide investors economic exposure to SOL investment.

We are an AI-powered online platform that connects
the commercial real estate industry by providing data and software subscriptions as well as value-add services to multifamily and commercial
property professionals as we connect the increasingly complex ecosystem that stakeholders have to manage.

We currently serve more than one million web users
annually, including multifamily and commercial property owners and developers applying for billions of dollars of debt financing per year,
professional service providers, and thousands of multifamily and commercial property lenders including more than 10% of the banks in America,
credit unions, real estate investment trusts (REITs), debt funds, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac multifamily lenders,
FHA multifamily lenders, commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS) lenders, Small Business Administration (SBA)
lenders, and more. Our data and software offerings are generally offered on a subscription basis as software as a service (SaaS).

Forward-Looking Statements

This release contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements
can be identified by words such as: anticipate, intend, plan, believe, project,
estimate, expect, strategy, future, likely, may,, should,
will and similar references to future periods. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future
performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future
plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements
relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and
many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the
forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause
our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among
others, the following: (i) fluctuations in the market price of SOL and any associated impairment charges that the Company may incur as
a result of a decrease in the market price of SOL below the value at which the Companys SOL are carried on its balance sheet; (ii)
the effect of and uncertainties related the ongoing volatility in interest rates; (iii) our ability to achieve and maintain profitability
in the future; (iv) the impact on our business of the regulatory environment and complexities with compliance related to such environment
including changes in securities laws or other laws or regulations; (v) changes in the accounting treatment relating to the Companys
SOL holdings; (vi) our ability to respond to general economic conditions; (vii) our ability to manage our growth effectively and our expectations
regarding the development and expansion of our business; (viii) our ability to access sources of capital, including debt financing and
other sources of capital to finance operations and growth and (ix) other risks and uncertainties more fully in the section captioned Risk
Factors in the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and other reports we file with the SEC. As a result of these matters,
changes in facts, assumptions not being realized or other circumstances, the Companys actual results may differ materially from the expected
results discussed in the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Forward-looking statements contained in this announcement
are made as of this date, and the Company undertakes no duty to update such information except as required under applicable law.

Investor Contact:

ir@defidevcorp.com

Media Contact:

Prosek Partners

pro-ddc@prosek.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea023920201ex99-2_defi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED APRIL 23, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

April 23, 2025

DeFi Development Corporation Appoints John Han as Chief Financial
Officer

BOCA RATON, FL April 23, 2025 
DeFi Development Corporation (Nasdaq: JNVR) (the Company) today announced the appointment of Fei John Han
as Chief Financial Officer, as well as Dan Kang (DK) as Head of Investor Relations. The new appointments underscore the
Companys commitment to building a world-class financial and investor relations function as it scales its crypto-forward treasury
strategy.

Han brings over 15 years of experience across
traditional finance and crypto, with a track record of leadership at some of the crypto industrys most recognized institutions. Most
recently, he served as CFO at blockchain-company Provable, and prior to that, held multiple senior roles at Binance including Vice President
of Finance and Head of Finance for Europe, the Middle East, Africa, LATAM, and Canada. Earlier in his career, he led Strategic Finance
at Kraken, where he worked closely with Parker White and Joseph Onorati and played a key role in scaling the business during a period
of rapid growth. Han began his career in equity research at Goldman Sachs and later served as an investor at Nezu Asia Capital and Driehaus
Capital.

John brings a rare combination of traditional
financial rigor and deep crypto expertise, said Joseph Onorati, CEO of DeFi Development Corporation. Were building
a new kind of capital markets structure, and hes exactly the person we want steering our financial strategy. Having worked closely
with him in the past, Im thrilled to be partnering again on this next chapter.

Kang, who joins as Head of Investor Relations,
brings more than a decade of experience across strategy, institutional investing, and capital markets. He was most recently Head of Strategy
at Kraken, where he spent three years on the corporate strategy team and worked alongside White and Onorati. Prior to Kraken, he spent
nearly a decade in long/short equity investing, covering TMT stocks, with additional experience at Snap Inc. in Strategy & Corporate
Development, and as a credit risk analyst at Morgan Stanley.

Former CFO Bruce Rosenbloom will remain with the
Company as EVP of Finance to leverage his 25 years of public market experience and assist with the Companys transition. Im
excited for our next chapter and for the opportunity to work along-side such an impressive team, said Bruce Rosenbloom, EVP of
Finance.

Bruce has been instrumental in guiding
us through our public company journey and helping lay the groundwork for our evolution, said Blake Janover, Chief Commercial Officer.
Hes been a steady hand through major milestones, and were deeply grateful for his past and future contributions.

The Companys financial leadership also
continues to benefit from the guidance of Audit Committee Chair Bill Caragol, who brings decades of public company experience and remains
an active member of the Companys Board. A longtime executive and former public company CEO and CFO, Caragol plays an important
role in supporting the Companys governance, controls, and financial oversight.

These additions reflect DeFi Development Corporations
deep bench of expertise in both digital assets and public markets. The Companys finance and investor relations team brings together
institutional experience from leading crypto firms, global investment banks, and high-growth public companies a key differentiator
that strengthens the Companys position as a trusted, transparent, and execution-oriented player in the space.

About DeFi Development Corporation

DeFi Development Corporation (Nasdaq: JNVR) has
adopted a treasury policy under which the principal holding in its treasury reserve on the balance sheet will be allocated to Solana (SOL).
In adopting its new treasury policy, the Company intends to provide investors a way to access the Solana ecosystem. The Companys
treasury policy is expected to provide investors economic exposure to SOL investment.

We are an AI-powered online platform that connects
the commercial real estate industry by providing data and software subscriptions as well as value-add services to multifamily and commercial
property professionals as we connect the increasingly complex ecosystem that stakeholders have to manage.

We currently serve more than one million web users
annually, including multifamily and commercial property owners and developers applying for billions of dollars of debt financing per year,
professional service providers, and thousands of multifamily and commercial property lenders including more than 10% of the banks in America,
credit unions, real estate investment trusts (REITs), debt funds, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac multifamily lenders,
FHA multifamily lenders, commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS) lenders, Small Business Administration (SBA)
lenders, and more. Our data and software offerings are generally offered on a subscription basis as software as a service (SaaS).

Forward-Looking Statements

This release contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements
can be identified by words such as: anticipate, intend, plan, believe, project,
estimate, expect, strategy, future, likely, may,, should,
will and similar references to future periods. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future
performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future
plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements
relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and
many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the
forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause
our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among
others, the following: (i) fluctuations in the market price of SOL and any associated impairment charges that the Company may incur as
a result of a decrease in the market price of SOL below the value at which the Companys SOL are carried on its balance sheet; (ii)
the effect of and uncertainties related the ongoing volatility in interest rates; (iii) our ability to achieve and maintain profitability
in the future; (iv) the impact on our business of the regulatory environment and complexities with compliance related to such environment
including changes in securities laws or other laws or regulations; (v) changes in the accounting treatment relating to the Companys
SOL holdings; (vi) our ability to respond to general economic conditions; (vii) our ability to manage our growth effectively and our expectations
regarding the development and expansion of our business; (viii) our ability to access sources of capital, including debt financing and
other sources of capital to finance operations and growth and (ix) other risks and uncertainties more fully in the section captioned Risk
Factors in the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and other reports we file with the SEC. As a result of these matters,
changes in facts, assumptions not being realized or other circumstances, the Companys actual results may differ materially from the expected
results discussed in the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Forward-looking statements contained in this announcement
are made as of this date, and the Company undertakes no duty to update such information except as required under applicable law.

Investor Contact:

ir@defidevcorp.com

Media Contact:

Prosek Partners

pro-ddc@prosek.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>jnvr-20250417.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>jnvr-20250417_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>jnvr-20250417_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Entity Addresses, Address Type [Axis] 

Former Address [Member] 

Entity Addresses [Table] 

Entity Addresses [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>jnvr-20250417_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 17, 2025

Entity Addresses [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 17, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-41748

Entity Registrant Name DEFI DEVELOPMENT CORP.

Entity Central Index Key 0001805526

Entity Tax Identification Number 83-2676794

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 6401 Congress Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 250

Entity Address, City or Town Boca Raton

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33487

City Area Code 561

Local Phone Number 559-4111

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share

Trading Symbol JNVR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Former Address [Member] 

Entity Addresses [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name JANOVER INC.

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressesLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressesAddressTypeAxis=dei_FormerAddressMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
2 
25 
1 
false 
1 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://janover.co/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0239202-8k_defi.htm 
jnvr-20250417.xsd 
jnvr-20250417_def.xml 
jnvr-20250417_lab.xml 
jnvr-20250417_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-034649-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ea0239202-8k_defi_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001805526 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

0001805526 

dei:FormerAddressMember 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001805526 
8-K 
2025-04-17 
DEFI DEVELOPMENT CORP. 
DE 
001-41748 
83-2676794 
6401 Congress Avenue 
Suite 250 
Boca Raton 
FL 
33487 
561 
559-4111 
JANOVER INC. 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share 
JNVR 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>