<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001477932-25-001753.txt : 20250317
<SEC-HEADER>0001477932-25-001753.hdr.sgml : 20250317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250317143259
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-25-001753
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250214
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SinglePoint Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001443611
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-NONSTORE RETAILERS [5960]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				261240905
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41888
		FILM NUMBER:		25743890

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3104 E CAMELBACK ROAD
		STREET 2:		# 2137
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-682-7464

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3104 E CAMELBACK ROAD
		STREET 2:		# 2137
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85016

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CARBON CREDITS INTERNATIONAL, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080821
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>sing_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?sing_8k.htm

0001443611false--12-3100014436112025-02-142025-02-14iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 17, 2025 (February 14, 2025)

SinglePoint Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 

000-53425 

26-1240905

(State or other jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

3104 E Camelback Rd #2137

Phoenix, AZ 

85016

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (888) 682-7464

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8 K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 Par Value 

SING 

OTC Pink Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as dened in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised nancial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On February 14, 2025, SinglePoint Inc. (the Company) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with GHS Investments, LLC (the GHS) whereby GHS agreed to purchase shares of the Companys Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series C Preferred Stock) in two separate tranches. The first tranche, which occurred promptly upon execution of the Purchase Agreement, was the purchase of 156 shares of Series C Preferred Stock for $156,000 dollars and closed on February 20, 2025. The second tranche, which occurred following a notice by the Company to the Purchaser on February 24, 2025, was the purchase of 125 shares of Series C Preferred Stock for $125,000 dollars and closed on February 25, 2025.

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to use its best efforts to (i) file a registration statement registering the resale of the shares issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock within 120 calendar days from the date of the Purchase Agreement and (ii) have such registration statement declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission within 60 calendar days of its filing.

The foregoing is subject to, and qualified in its entirety, by the Purchase Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

The information contained in Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. The Series C Preferred Stock was issued pursuant to exemptions from registration in Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and/or the safe harbors under Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder.

The information regarding the terms of conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock in Item 5.03 below is incorporated by reference into Item 3.02.

Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders

The information in response to Item 5.03 below is incorporated by reference in response to this Item 3.03.

Item 5.03Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year

On February 14, 2025, the Company filed a certificate of designation (the Certificate of Designation) with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to amend its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation to designate 1,500 shares of the Companys preferred stock, par value $.0001 per share, as Series C Convertible Preferred Stock.

Below is a summary description of the material rights, designations and preferences of the Series C Preferred Stock (all capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have that definition assigned to it as per the Certificate of Designation). 

The Company has the right to redeem the Series C Preferred Stock, in accordance with the following schedule:

(a) 

If all of the Series C Preferred Stock are redeemed within ninety (90) calendar days from the issuance date thereof, the Company shall have the right to redeem the Series C Preferred Stock upon five (5) business days of written notice at a price equal to one hundred and fifteen percent (115%) of the Stated Value, together with any accrued but unpaid dividends;

(b) 

If all of the Series C Preferred Stock are redeemed after ninety (90) calendar days following the issuance date thereof, the Company shall have the right to redeem the Series C Preferred Stock upon five (5) business days of written notice at a price equal to one hundred and twenty percent (120%) of the Stated Value together with any accrued but unpaid dividends.

The Company shall pay a dividend of twelve percent (12%) per annum on the Series C Preferred Stock. Dividends shall be paid quarterly, and at the Companys discretion, in cash or Series C Preferred Stock calculated at the purchase price. The Stated Value of the Series C Preferred Stock is $1,200 per share.

2

The Series C Preferred Stock will vote together with the Common Stock of the Company on an as-converted basis, subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.

Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Company an amount equal to the Stated Value, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon, for each share of Series C Preferred Stock before any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any Junior Securities.

Each share of the Series C Preferred Stock is convertible at the option of the Holder into that number of shares of the Companys Common Stock based on the Conversion Price of $0.00477.

The Conversion Price is subject to customary adjustments for stock dividends, stock splits, reclassifications and the like. The Conversion Price is also subject adjustment on the Reset Dates, if the Reset Price is below the Conversion Price then in effect, but will not be adjusted below the Floor Price. In addition, upon consummation of a Qualified Offering, the Holder will have the option to convert the Series C Preferred Stock (and any other preferred stock of the Company then held by the Holder) into securities issued in the Qualified Offering at a 30% discount to the public offering price in the Qualified Offering.

From the Original Issue Date until the date when the original holder no longer holds any shares of Series C Preferred Stock, upon any Subsequent Financing, such holder may elect, in its sole discretion, to exchange (in lieu of conversion), if applicable, all or some of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock then held for any securities or units issued in a Subsequent Financing on a $1.00 for $1.00 basis. Upon a Subsequent Financing, such holder of at least one hundred (100) shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall have the right to participate in up to an amount of the Subsequent Financing equal to 100% of the Subsequent Financing on the same terms, conditions and price provided for in the Subsequent Financing.

The foregoing summary of terms is subject to, and qualified in its entirety, by the Certificate of Designation attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

3.1 

Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on February 14, 2025

10.1* 

Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 14, 2025, between the Company and GHS.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL Document).

* Schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted schedules to the SEC upon its request.

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Stock Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

SinglePoint Inc. 

Dated: March 17, 2025 

By: 

/s/ William Ralston 

Name: 

William Ralston 

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>sing_ex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE
<TEXT>
sing_ex31.htm

EXHIBIT 3.1

SINGLEPOINTINC.

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES,

RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS

OF

SERIES C CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

The undersigned, [Wil Ralston], does hereby certify that:

1. He is the Chief Executive Officer of SINGLEPOINT INC., a Nevada corporation (the Corporation or the Company).

2. The Corporation is authorized to issue up to 1500 shares of preferred stock, of which 0 have been issued.

3. The following resolutions were duly adopted by the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors):

WHEREAS, the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation provides for a class of its authorized stock known as preferred stock, consisting of eighty-million ([80,000,000 ]) shares, $.0001 par value per share, issuable from time to time in one or more series;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors is authorized to fix the dividend rights, dividend rate, voting rights, conversion rights, rights and terms of redemption and liquidation preferences of any wholly unissued series of preferred stock and the number of shares constituting any series and the designation thereof, of any of them; and

WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Board of Directors, pursuant to its authority as aforesaid, to fix the rights, preferences, restrictions and other matters relating to Series C Preferred Stock, a series of the preferred stock, which shall consist of, except as otherwise set forth in the Purchase Agreement, up to one thousand five hundred (1,500) shares of the preferred stock which the Corporation has the authority to issue, as follows:

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Directors does hereby provide for the issuance of Series C Preferred Stock, a series of preferred stock for cash or exchange of other securities, rights or property and does hereby fix and determine the rights, preferences, restrictions and other matters relating to such series of preferred stock as follows:

TERMS OF PREFERRED STOCK

Section 1. Definitions. For the purposes hereof, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Alternate Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(e).

Bankruptcy Event means any of the following events: (a) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X) thereof commences a case or other proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction relating to the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof, (b) there is commenced against the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof any such case or proceeding that is not dismissed within sixty (60) days after commencement, (c) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered, (d) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part of its property that is not discharged or stayed within sixty (60) calendar days after such appointment, (e) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (f) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof calls a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts, or (g) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof, by any act or failure to act, expressly indicates its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing or takes any corporate or other action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.

1

Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(d).

Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Buy-In shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c)(iv).

Change of Control Transaction means the occurrence after the date hereof of any of (a) an acquisition after the date hereof by an individual or legal entity or group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of effective control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Corporation, by contract or otherwise) of in excess of 49% of the voting securities of the Corporation (other than by means of conversion or exercise of Preferred Stock and the Securities issued together with the Preferred Stock), (b) the Corporation merges into or consolidates with any other Person, or any Person merges into or consolidates with the Corporation and, after giving effect to such transaction, the stockholders of the Corporation immediately prior to such transaction own less than 33% of the aggregate voting power of the Corporation or the successor entity of such transaction, (c) the Corporation sells or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another Person and the stockholders of the Corporation immediately prior to such transaction own less than 33% of the aggregate voting power of the acquiring entity immediately after the transaction, (d) a replacement at one time or within a one year period of more than one-half of the members of the Board of Directors which is not approved by a majority of those individuals who are members of the Board of Directors on the Original Issue Date (or by those individuals who are serving as members of the Board of Directors on any date whose nomination to the Board of Directors was approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors who are members on the Original Issue Date), or (e) the execution by the Corporation of an agreement to which the Corporation is a party or by which it is bound, providing for any of the events set forth in clauses (a) through (d) above.

Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1 of the respective Purchase Agreements.

Closing Date means the applicable Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto and all conditions precedent to (i) each Holders obligations to pay the Subscription Amount for a Closing and (ii) the Corporations obligations to deliver the Securities have been satisfied or waived.

Commission or the SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock means the Corporations common stock, par value $.0001 per share, and stock of any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Corporation or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Conversion Amount means the sum of the Stated Value at issue.

Conversion Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

Conversion Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).

Conversion Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof.

2

Corporation Redemption has the meaning set forth in Section 8.

Corporation Redemption Price has the meaning set forth in Section 8.

Corporation Redemption Payment Date has the meaning set forth in Section 8.

Corporation Redemption Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 8.

Designation, Amount and Par Value The series of preferred stock shall be designated as Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and the number of shares so designated shall be up to one thousand five hundred ([1,500 ]) (which shall not be subject to increase without the written consent of all of the Holders of the Preferred Stock. Each share of Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $.0001 per share and a stated value of $1,200, subject to increase set forth in Section 3 and/or elsewhere in this Certificate of Designation below.

DTC means the Depository Trust Company.

DTC/FAST Program means the DTCs Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program.

"Dividend" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

DWAC Eligible means that (a) the Common Stock is eligible at DTC for full services pursuant to DTCs Operational Arrangements, including without limitation transfer through DTCs DWAC system, (b) the Corporation has been approved (without revocation) by the DTCs underwriting department, (c) the Transfer Agent is approved as an agent in the DTC/FAST Program, (d) the Conversion Shares are otherwise eligible for delivery via DWAC, and (e) the Transfer Agent does not have a policy prohibiting or limiting delivery of the Conversion Shares via DWAC.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

New York Courts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12(d).

Fundamental Transaction shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(e).

GAAP means United States generally accepted accounting principles.

Holders means Holders of the Preferred Stock.

Indemnified Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(f).

Indebtedness means (a) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (b) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Corporations balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business, and (c) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $10,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP.

Junior Securities means the Common Stock and all other Common Stock Equivalents of the Corporation other than those securities which are explicitly senior or pari passu to the Preferred Stock in dividend rights or liquidation preference.

Late Fees shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d).

Liens means a lien, charge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Liquidation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.

Losses shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(f).

Notice of Conversion shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.

Original Issue Date means the date of the first issuance of any shares of the Preferred Stock regardless of the number of transfers of any particular shares of Preferred Stock and regardless of the number of certificates which may be issued to evidence such Preferred Stock.

3

Permitted Governmental Indebtedness means Indebtedness for the purpose of supporting product sales by the Borrower.

Permitted Indebtedness means (i)) Indebtedness of the Corporation set forth in Corporations most recent SEC report filed with the SEC by the Corporation on Form 10-Q or Form 10-K (the SEC Reports) provided none of such Indebtedness, has been increased, extended and/or otherwise changed), (ii) Indebtedness secured by Permitted Liens described in clauses (iii) of the definition of Permitted Liens, and (iv) Permitted Governmental Indebtedness.

Permitted Liens means (i) any Lien for taxes not yet due or delinquent or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, (ii) any statutory Lien arising in the ordinary course of business by operation of law with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent, (iii) any Lien created by operation of law, such as materialmens liens, mechanics liens and other similar liens, arising in the ordinary course of business with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (iv) Liens (a) upon or in any equipment acquired or held by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to secure the purchase price of such equipment or indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition or lease of such equipment, and (b) existing on such equipment at the time of its acquisition, provided that the Lien is confined solely to the property so acquired and improvements thereon, and the proceeds of such equipment and (v) any Liens for Permitted Indebtedness set forth in (i) and (ii) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness provided as to (ii) of Permitted Indebtedness such Liens were in existence and not amended, supplemented and/or modified since the original issuance date any such Indebtedness was incurred. 

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Piggy-Back Registration shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a).

Preferred Stock shall mean Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company.

Premium Rate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(a).

Purchase Agreement means that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated on or about the Original Issue Date, among the Corporation and the original Holders, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Qualified Offering means an underwritten offering by the Corporation resulting in net proceeds of at least $2,000,000, occurring prior to the one year anniversary of the Original Issue Date.

Registration Statement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a).

Securities means the Preferred Stock and the Underlying Shares.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share Delivery Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c)(i).

Stated Value shall mean $1,200, subject to increase set forth in Section 3 and/or elsewhere in this Certificate of Designation.

Subscription Amount shall mean, as to each Holder, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Preferred Stock purchased pursuant to the Purchase Agreement as specified below such Holders name on the signature page of the Purchase Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Corporation as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) of the Purchase Agreement and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Corporation formed or acquired after the date of the Purchase Agreement.

4

Successor Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.

Trading Day or Date means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for business.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock (or any other common stock of any other Person that references the Trading Market for its common stock) is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: The NASDAQ Global Market, The NASDAQ Global Select Market, The NASDAQ Capital Market, the New York Stock Exchange, NYSE Arca, the NYSE MKT, or the OTCQX Marketplace, the OTCQB Marketplace, the OTC Pink Marketplace or any other tier operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. (or any successor to any of the foregoing).

Transaction Documents means this Certificate of Designation, the Purchase Agreement, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

Transfer Agent means Vstock Transfer, with a mailing address of _18 Lafayette Pl Woodmere NY 11598_ and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Triggering Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(a).

Triggering Redemption Amount means, for each share of Preferred Stock, the sum of (a) 135% of the Stated Value and (b) all accrued but unpaid dividends thereon and (c) all liquidated damages, Late Fees and other costs, expenses or amounts due in respect of the Preferred Stock including, but not limited to legal fees and expenses of legal counsel to the Holder in connection with, related to and/or arising out of a Triggering Event.

Triggering Redemption Payment Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(b).

Underlying Shares means the shares of Common Stock issued and issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock.

VWAP means, for or as of any date for the Common Stock, the dollar volume-weighted average price for the Common Stock on the Trading Market during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg through its HP function (set to weighted average) or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of the Common Stock in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for the Common Stock during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for the Common Stock by Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for the Common Stock as reported in the pink sheets by OTC Markets Group Inc. (formerly Pink Sheets LLC). If the VWAP cannot be calculated for the Common Stock on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of the Common Stock on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction during such period.

Section 2. Dividends.

(a) Dividends in Cash or in Kind. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, and the Corporation shall pay, cumulative dividends of twelve percent (12%) per annum, payable quarterly, beginning on the Original Issue Date and ending on the date that such share of Preferred Share has been converted or redeemed (the Dividend End Date). Dividends may be paid in cash or in shares of Preferred Stock at the discretion of the Company. 

(b) Dividend Calculations. Subject to Section 3(a), dividends on the Preferred Stock shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year, consisting of twelve (12) thirty (30) calendar day periods, and shall accrue and compound daily commencing on the Original Issue Date, and shall be deemed to accrue from such date whether or not earned or declared and whether or not there are profits, surplus or other funds of the Corporation legally available for the payment of dividends. Dividends shall cease to accrue with respect to any Preferred Stock redeemed or converted, provided that the Corporation actually delivers the Conversion Shares within the time period required by Section 6(c)(i) herein.

5

(c) Late Fees. Any dividends that are not paid a Dividend Payment Date shall continue to accrue and shall entail a late fee (Late Fees), which must be paid in cash, at the rate of 14% per annum or the lesser rate permitted by applicable law which shall accrue and compound daily from the Dividend Payment Date through and including the date of actual payment in full.

(d) Other Securities. So long as any Preferred Stock shall remain outstanding, neither the Corporation nor any Subsidiary thereof shall redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire directly or indirectly any Junior Securities or pari passu securities other than any Preferred Stock purchased to the terms of this Certificate of Designation. So long as any Preferred Stock shall remain outstanding, neither the Corporation nor any Subsidiary thereof shall directly or indirectly pay or declare any dividend or make any distribution upon (other than a dividend or distribution described in Section 2 or dividends due and paid in the ordinary course on preferred stock of the Corporation at such times when the Corporation is in compliance with its payment and other obligations hereunder), nor shall any distribution be made in respect of, any Junior Securities or paripassu securities as long as any dividends due on the Preferred Stock remain unpaid, nor shall any monies be set aside for or applied to the purchase or redemption (through a sinking fund or otherwise) of any Junior Securities or pari passu securities.

Section 3. Voting Rights. The Preferred Stock will vote together with the common stock on an as-converted basis subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitations. However, as long as any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the affirmative vote of the Holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock directly and/or indirectly (a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Preferred Stock or alter or amend this Certificate of Designation, (b) authorize or create any class of stock ranking as to redemption or distribution of assets upon a Liquidation (as defined in Section 5) senior to, or otherwise pari passu with, the Preferred Stock or, authorize or create any class of stock ranking as to dividends senior to, or otherwise pari passu with, the Preferred Stock, (c) amend its Articles of Incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that adversely affects any rights of the Holders, (d) increase the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock, or (e) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.

Section 4. Liquidation. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary (a Liquidation), the Holders shall be entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Corporation an amount equal to the Stated Value, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon and any other fees or liquidated damages then due and owing thereon under this Certificate of Designation, for each share of Preferred Stock before any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any Junior Securities, and if the assets of the Corporation shall be insufficient to pay in full such amounts, then the entire assets to be distributed to the Holders shall be ratably distributed among the Holders in accordance with the respective amounts that would be payable on such shares if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full. A Fundamental Transaction or Change of Control Transaction shall not be deemed a Liquidation. The Corporation shall mail written notice of any such Liquidation, not less than forty-five (45) days prior to the payment date stated therein, to each Holder.

Section 5. Conversion.

a) Conversions at Option of Holder. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at any time and from time to time from and after the Original Issue Date at the option of the Holder thereof, into that number of shares of Common Stock (subject to the limitations set forth in Section 5(d)) determined by dividing the Stated Value of such share of Preferred Stock by the Conversion Price. Holders shall effect conversions by providing the Corporation with the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Annex A (a Notice of Conversion). Each Notice of Conversion shall specify the number of shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned prior to the conversion at issue, the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned subsequent to the conversion at issue and the date on which such conversion is to be effected, which date may not be prior to the date the applicable Holder delivers by facsimile or email such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation (such date, the Conversion Date). If no Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation is deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required. The calculations and entries set forth in the Notice of Conversion shall control in the absence of manifest or mathematical error. To effect conversions of shares of Preferred Stock, a Holder shall not be required to surrender the certificate(s) representing the shares of Preferred Stock to the Corporation unless all of the shares of Preferred Stock represented thereby are so converted, in which case such Holder shall deliver the certificate representing such shares of Preferred Stock promptly following the Conversion Date at issue. Shares of Preferred Stock converted into Common Stock or redeemed in accordance with the terms hereof shall be canceled and shall not be reissued.

6

b)(i) Conversion Price. The conversion price (the Conversion Price) for the Preferred Stock shall be the amount equal to (90% of the lowest traded price of the Common Stock during the ten (10) trading days immediately preceding, but not including, the Original Issue Date,) $__. All such foregoing determinations will be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock during such measuring period. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages including, but not limited to, as a result of a Triggering Event pursuant to Section 10 hereof and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law. Following an Event of Default, as defined in the Purchase Agreement, the Conversion price shall equal the lower of: (a) the then applicable Conversion Price; or (b) a price per share equaling eighty percent (80%) of the lowest traded price for the Companys common stock during the fifteen (15) Trading Days immediately preceding, but not including, the Conversion Date.

(ii) Reset Adjustment. In addition to the adjustments set forth in Section 7, on each of the ninetieth (90th) and one hundred and eightieth (180th) calendar days immediately following the Original Issue Date (each, a Reset Date), if the Reset Price is less than the Conversion Price then in effect, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted to the Reset Price, provided that in no event shall the Conversion Price be lower than $0.004 (the Floor Price). For purposes hereof, the Reset Price means, with respect to each Reset Date, the lowest closing price of the Common Stock on any trading day during the five (5) trading day period immediately prior to such Reset Date.

c) Mechanics of Conversion

i. Delivery of Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. Not later than two (2) Trading Days after each Conversion Date (the Share Delivery Date), the Corporation shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the converting Holder (A) the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock, which Conversion Shares shall be free of restrictive legends and trading restrictions, and (B) a bank check in the amount of accrued and unpaid dividends (if the Corporation has elected or is required to pay accrued dividends in cash). The Corporation shall deliver the Conversion Shares electronically through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions.

ii. Failure to Deliver Conversion Shares. If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such Conversion Shares are not delivered to or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to the Corporation at any time on or before its receipt of such Conversion Shares, to rescind such Conversion, in which event the Corporation shall promptly return to the Holder any original Preferred Stock certificate delivered to the Corporation and the Holder shall promptly return to the Corporation the Conversion Shares issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Conversion Notice.

7

iii. Obligation Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages. The Corporations obligation to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion of Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by a Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by such Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Corporation or any violation or alleged violation of law by such Holder or any other person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Corporation to such Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a waiver by the Corporation of any such action that the Corporation may have against such Holder. In the event a Holder shall elect to convert any or all of the Stated Value of its Preferred Stock, the Corporation may not refuse conversion based on any claim that such Holder or any one associated or affiliated with such Holder has been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless an injunction from a court, on notice to Holder, restraining and/or enjoining conversion of all or part of the Preferred Stock of such Holder shall have been sought and obtained, and the Corporation posts a surety bond for the benefit of such Holder in the amount of 150% of the Stated Value of Preferred Stock which is subject to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to such Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence of such injunction, the Corporation shall issue Conversion Shares and, if applicable, cash, upon a properly noticed conversion. If the Corporation fails to deliver to a Holder such Conversion Shares pursuant to Section 5 on the second Trading Day after the Share Delivery Date applicable to such conversion, the Corporation shall pay to such Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $5,000 of Stated Value of Preferred Stock being converted, $100 per Trading Day (increasing to $150 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day and increasing to $200 per Trading Day on the sixth Trading Day after such damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after such second Trading Day after the Share Delivery Date until such Conversion Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such conversion. All liquidated damages shall be paid to the Holder not later than the fifth (5th) Trading Day after notice is provided to the Company by the Holder stating that any such liquidated damages are due pursuant to this Section 5. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages or declare a Triggering Event pursuant to Section 10 hereof for the Corporations failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and such Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit a Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law.

iv. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Corporation fails for any reason to deliver to a Holder the applicable Conversion Shares by the Share Delivery Date pursuant to Section 5, and if after such Share Delivery Date such Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise), or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Holder of the Conversion Shares which such Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating to such Share Delivery Date (a Buy-In), then the Corporation shall (A) pay in cash to such Holder (in addition to any other remedies available to or elected by such Holder) the amount, if any, by which (x) such Holders total purchase price (including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that such Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B) at the option of such Holder, either reissue (if surrendered) the shares of Preferred Stock equal to the number of shares of Preferred Stock submitted for conversion (in which case, such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Corporation had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 5. For example, if a Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted conversion of shares of Preferred Stock with respect to which the actual sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Corporation shall be required to pay such Holder $1,000. The payment of all amounts due by the Company to the Holder shall be paid in cash no later than the fifth (5th) Business Day after notice is provided by a Holder to the Company requesting the payment of any such liquidated damages. The Holder shall provide the Corporation written notice indicating the amounts payable to such Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Corporation, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Corporations failure to timely deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

8

v. Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company covenants that it will reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock, 3,000,000,000 shares of Common Stock (appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock) for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of the Preferred Stock and payment of dividends on the Preferred Stock, all as herein provided, free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Purchasers, not less than such aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall (subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement) be issuable (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 7, but ignoring any Beneficial Ownership Limitations or other restrictions and/or limitations on conversions set forth herein or elsewhere) upon the conversion of the then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock and payment of dividends hereunder. The Company covenants that all shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and, at such times as a registration statement covering such shares is then effective under the Securities Act, will be registered for public resale in accordance with such registration statement. For purposes of this Certification of Designation, the term RequiredMinimum shall be defined asthe product of (i) 300%, multiplied by (ii) the quotient of (A)(x)all outstanding Stated Value of all issued and outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, (y) all unpaid dividends thereon (whether accrued or not), and (z) all fees and/or any costs and expenses relating to the Transaction Documents including, but not limited to Late Fees and liquidation damages, divided by (B) the Conversion Price on the date of Closing. The Required Minimum shall be increased from time to time to ensure appropriate coverage for Securities issued or issuable to Purchaser.

vi. Fractional Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Corporation shall at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Conversion Price or round up to the next whole share.

vii. Transfer Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of Conversion Shares on conversion of this Preferred Stock shall be made without charge to any Holder for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such Conversion Shares, provided that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any such Conversion Shares upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holders of such shares of Preferred Stock and the Corporation shall not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares unless or until the Person or Persons requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Corporation the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Corporation that such tax has been paid. In the event that the Holder requests same-day processing for a Notice of Conversion, such Holder shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for such same-day processing and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares.

9

d) Beneficial Ownership Limitation. The Corporation shall not effect any conversion of the Preferred Stock, and a Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of the Preferred Stock, to the extent that, after giving effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, such Holder (together with such Holders Affiliates, and any Persons acting as a group together with such Holder or any of such Holders Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted Stated Value of Preferred Stock beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Corporation subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein (including, without limitation, the Preferred Stock or the Warrants) beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 6(d), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 6(d) applies, the determination of whether the Preferred Stock is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates) and of how many shares of Preferred Stock are convertible shall be in the sole discretion of such Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be such Holders determination of whether the shares of Preferred Stock may be converted (in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates) and how many shares of the Preferred Stock are convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. To ensure compliance with this restriction, the Holder will be deemed to represent to the Corporation each time it delivers a Notice of Conversion that such Notice of Conversion has not violated the restrictions set forth in this paragraph and the Corporation shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 6(d), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following: (i) the Corporations most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent public announcement by the Corporation or (iii) a more recent written notice by the Corporation or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Corporation shall within two (2) Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Corporation, including the Preferred Stock, by such Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Preferred Stock held by the applicable Holder. 

e) Qualified Offering. Upon the consummation of a Qualified Offering, the Holder shall have the option to convert their Preferred Stock, along with any other preferred stock of the Company then held by them, into the securities issued in the Qualified Offering, at a 30% discount to the public offering price at which the securities in the Qualified Offering were issued.

Section 6. Intentionally Omitted.

Section 7. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Corporation, at any time while this Preferred Stock is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions that is payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any other Common Stock Equivalents (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Corporation upon conversion of, or payment of a dividend on, the Preferred Stock), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Corporation, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 7(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Most Favored Nation Provision. From the date hereof until the date when the Holder no longer holds any Preferred Stock, upon any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents for cash consideration, Indebtedness or a combination of units thereof (a Subsequent Financing), the Holder may elect, in its sole discretion, to exchange (in lieu of conversion), if applicable, all or some of the shares of Preferred Stock then held for any securities or units issued in a Subsequent Financing on a $1.00 for $1.00 basis. The Company shall provide the Holder with notice of any such Subsequent Financing in the manner set forth below Additionally, if in such Subsequent Financing there are any contractual provisions or side letters that provide terms more favorable to the investors than the terms provided for hereunder, then the Company shall specifically notify the Holder of such additional or more favorable terms and such terms, at Holders option, shall become a part of the transaction documents with the Holder. The types of terms contained in another security that may be more favorable to the holder of such security include, but are not limited to, terms addressing stock sale price, private placement price per share, collateralization or security rights and warrant coverage.

10

c) Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 7(a) above, if at any time the Corporation grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder of will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of such Holders Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d) Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Preferred Stock is outstanding, if the Corporation shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Preferred Stock, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

e) Fundamental Transaction.

1) General. The Company shall not enter into or be party to a Fundamental Transaction unless (i) the Successor Entity (as defined below) assumes in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Certificate of Designation in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7.e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder prior to such Fundamental Transaction, including agreements to deliver to the Holder in exchange for shares of Preferred Stock a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to the Preferred Stock, including, without limitation, which is convertible into a corresponding number of shares of capital stock equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of the Preferred Stock) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such adjustments to the number of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of the Preferred Stock immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction) and (ii) if the Fundamental Transaction occurs within six (6) months of the Closing Date, the Successor Entity (including its Parent Entity) is a publicly traded corporation whose common stock is quoted on or listed for trading on an Eligible Market. Upon the consummation of each Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Certificate of Designation referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Certificate of Designation with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein. Upon consummation of each Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall deliver to the Holder confirmation that there shall be issued upon conversion of the Preferred Stock at any time after the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, in lieu of the shares of Common Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property) issuable upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock prior to the applicable Fundamental Transaction, such shares of publicly traded common stock (or its equivalent) of the Successor Entity (including its Parent Entity) which the Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the happening of the applicable Fundamental Transaction had the Preferred Stock been converted immediately prior to the applicable Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of the Preferred Stock), as adjusted in accordance with the provisions of this Certificate of Designation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and without limiting Section 5 hereof, the Holder may elect, at its sole option, by delivery of written notice to the Company to waive this Section 7.e) to permit the Fundamental Transaction without the assumption of the Preferred Stock. In addition to and not in substitution for any other rights hereunder, prior to the consummation of each Fundamental Transaction pursuant to which holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled to receive securities or other assets with respect to or in exchange for shares of Common Stock (a Corporate Event), the Company shall make appropriate provision to insure that the Holder will thereafter have the right to receive upon a conversion of the Preferred Stock at any time after the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction but prior to the Expiration Date, in lieu of the shares of the Common Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property) issuable upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock prior to such Fundamental Transaction, such shares of stock, securities, cash, assets or any other property whatsoever (including warrants or other purchase or subscription rights) which the Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the happening of the applicable Fundamental Transaction had the Preferred Shares been exercised immediately prior to the applicable Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of the Preferred Stock). Provision made pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be in a form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder.

11

2) Black Scholes Value. Notwithstanding the foregoing and the provisions of Section 5 above, at the request of the Holder delivered at any time commencing on the earliest to occur of (x) the public disclosure of any Fundamental Transaction, (y) the consummation of any Fundamental Transaction and (z) the Holder first becoming aware of any Fundamental Transaction through the date that is ninety (90) days after the public disclosure of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction by the Company pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC, the Company or the Successor Entity (as the case may be) shall purchase the Preferred Stock from the Holder on the date of such request by paying to the Holder cash in an amount equal to the Black Scholes Value.

3) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while any Preferred Stock is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent conversion of the Preferred Stock, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 6 on the conversion of the Preferred Stock), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock into which each share of Preferred Stock is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 6 on the conversion of the Preferred Stock). For purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any conversion of this preferred stock following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction, purchase the shares of Preferred Stock from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value of the remaining unconverted shares of Preferred Stock on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of the unconverted shares of Preferred Stock remaining on the date of the Holders request pursuant to Section 7(e)(2) which value is calculated using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model for a call or put option, as elected by the Holder, as obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg utilizing (i) an underlying price per share equal to the greater of (1) the highest Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders request pursuant to Section 7(e)(2) and (2) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash in the applicable Fundamental Transaction (if any) plus the value of the non-cash consideration being offered in the applicable Fundamental Transaction (if any), (ii) a strike price equal to the Conversion Price in effect on the date of the Holders request pursuant to Section 7(e)(2), (iii) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate as of the date of the Holders request pursuant to Section 7(e)(2) if such request is prior to the date of the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, (iv) a zero cost of borrow and (v) an expected volatility equal to the greater of 100% and the 30 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the earliest to occur of (A) the public disclosure of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, (B) the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and (C) the date on which the Holder first became aware of the applicable Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Certificate of Designation and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for the Preferred Stock a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to the Preferred Stock which is convertible into a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of the Preferred Stock) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion price which applies the Conversion Price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of the Preferred Stock immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Preferred Stock and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Preferred Stock and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

12

f) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 7 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 7, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) issued and outstanding.

g) Notice to the Holders.

i. Adjustment to Conversion Price. Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 7, the Corporation shall promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (A) the Corporation shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Corporation shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Corporation shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Corporation shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Corporation is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property (E) the Corporation shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation (F) the Corporation shall take any action to effectuate an Corporation Redemption, or (G) a Triggering Event shall have occurred, then, in each case, the Corporation shall cause to be filed at each office or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Preferred Stock, and shall cause to be delivered to each Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the stock books of the Corporation, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified (unless a greater or lesser time period is expressly required elsewhere in this Certificate of Designation), a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Corporation or any of the Subsidiaries, the Corporation shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert the Conversion Amount of this Preferred Stock (or any part hereof) during the 20-day period commencing on the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth in this Certificate of Designation.

(h) Participation in Subsequent Financing.

(i) Upon a Subsequent Financing, a Holder of at least one hundred (100) shares of Preferred Stock (each such Holder, a Significant Purchaser) shall have the right to participate in up to an amount of the Subsequent Financing equal to 100% of the Subsequent Financing (the Participation Maximum) on the same terms, conditions and price provided for in the Subsequent Financing.

(ii) At least five (5) Trading Days prior to the closing of the Subsequent Financing, the Company shall deliver to each Significant Purchaser a written notice of its intention to effect a Subsequent Financing (Pre-Notice), which Pre-Notice shall ask such Significant Purchaser if it wants to review the details of such financing (such additional notice, a Subsequent Financing Notice). Upon the request of a Significant Purchaser, and only upon a request by such Significant Purchaser, for a Subsequent Financing Notice, the Company shall promptly, but no later than one (1) Trading Day after such request, deliver a Subsequent Financing Notice to such Significant Purchaser. The Subsequent Financing Notice shall describe in reasonable detail the proposed terms of such Subsequent Financing, the amount of proceeds intended to be raised thereunder and the Person or Persons through or with whom such Subsequent Financing is proposed to be effected and shall include a term sheet or similar document relating thereto as an attachment.

13

(iii) Any Significant Purchaser desiring to participate in such Subsequent Financing must provide written notice to the Company by not later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the third (3rd) Trading Day after all of the Significant Purchasers have received the Pre-Notice that such Significant Purchaser is willing to participate in the Subsequent Financing, the amount of such Purchasers participation, and representing and warranting that such Significant Purchaser has such funds ready, willing, and available for investment on the terms set forth in the Subsequent Financing Notice. If the Company receives no such notice from a Significant Purchaser as of such third (3rd) Trading Day, such Significant Purchaser shall be deemed to have notified the Company that it does not elect to participate.

(iv) If by 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the third (3rd) Trading Day after all of the Significant Purchasers have received the Pre-Notice, notifications by the Significant Purchasers of their willingness to participate in the Subsequent Financing (or to cause their designees to participate) is, in the aggregate, less than the total amount of the Subsequent Financing, then the Company may effect the remaining portion of such Subsequent Financing on the terms and with the Persons set forth in the Subsequent Financing Notice.

(v) If by 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the third (3rd) Trading Day after all of the Purchasers have received the Pre-Notice, the Company receives responses to a Subsequent Financing Notice from Significant Purchasers seeking to purchase more than the aggregate amount of the Participation Maximum, each such Significant Purchaser shall have the right to purchase its Pro Rata Portion (as defined below) of the Participation Maximum. Pro Rata Portion means the ratio of (x) the Subscription Amount of Securities purchased on the Closing Date by a Significant Purchaser participating under this Section 7(h) and (y) the sum of the aggregate Subscription Amounts of Securities purchased on the Closing Date by all Significant Purchasers participating under this Section 7(h).

(vi) The Company must provide the Significant Purchasers with a second Subsequent Financing Notice, and the Significant Purchasers will again have the right of participation set forth above in this Section 7(h), if the Subsequent Financing subject to the initial Subsequent Financing Notice not consummated for any reason on the terms set forth in such Subsequent Financing Notice within ten (10) Trading Days after the date of the initial Subsequent Financing Notice.

(vii) The Company and each Significant Purchaser agree that if any Significant Purchaser elects to participate in the Subsequent Financing, the transaction documents related to the Subsequent Financing shall not include any term or provision whereby such Significant Purchaser shall be required to agree to any restrictions on trading as to any of the Securities purchased hereunder or be required to consent to any amendment to or termination of, or grant any waiver, release or the like under or in connection with, this Agreement, without the prior written consent of such Significant Purchaser. In addition, the Company and each Significant Purchaser agree that, in connection with a Subsequent Financing, the transaction documents related to the Subsequent Financing shall include a requirement for the Company to issue a widely disseminated press release by 9:30 am (New York City time) on the Trading Day of execution of the transaction documents in such Subsequent Financing (or, if the date of execution is not a Trading Day, on the immediately following Trading Day) that discloses the material terms of the transactions contemplated by the transaction documents in such Subsequent Financing.

(viii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 7(h) and unless otherwise agreed to by such Significant Purchaser, the Company shall either confirm in writing to such Significant Purchaser that the transaction with respect to the Subsequent Financing has been abandoned or shall publicly disclose its intention to issue the securities in the Subsequent Financing, in either case in such a manner such that such Significant Purchaser will not be in possession of any material, non-public information, by the tenth (10th) Business Day following delivery of the Subsequent Financing Notice. If by such tenth (10th) Business Day, no public disclosure regarding a transaction with respect to the Subsequent Financing has been made, and no notice regarding the abandonment of such transaction has been received by such Significant Purchaser, such transaction shall be deemed to have been abandoned and such Significant Purchaser shall not be deemed to be in possession of any material, non-public information with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(ix) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 7(h) shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance.

14

Section 8. Corporation Redemption.

The Company shall have the right to redeem the Preferred Shares, in accordance with the following schedule:

(a) If all of the Preferred Shares are redeemed within ninety (90) calendar days from the issuance date thereof, the Company shall have the right to redeem the Preferred Shares upon five (5) business days of written notice at a price equal to the product of one hundred fifteen percent (115%) multiplied by the sum of the outstanding Stated Value together with any accrued but unpaid dividends and all other amounts due pursuant to this Agreement;

(b) If all of the Preferred Shares are redeemed after ninety (90) calendar days from the issuance date thereof, the Company shall have the right to redeem the Preferred Shares upon five (5) business days of written notice at a price equal to the product of one hundred twenty percent (120%) multiplied by the sum of the outstanding Stated Value together with any accrued but unpaid dividends and all other amounts due pursuant to this Agreement and the Certificate of Designation; and

(c) A Holder may convert some or all of its shares of Preferred Stock until the date it receives in full the Corporation Redemption Price, provided, however, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary provided herein or elsewhere (i) in the event a Holder would be precluded from converting any shares of Preferred Stock, due to the limitation contained in Section 5, any such Holder may elect to extend the Redemption Payment Date as to any or all of such Holders Preferred Stock for up to one hundred twenty (120) days following the Redemption Payment Date to allow such Holder to convert its remaining Preferred Stock into Conversion Shares.

Section 9. Negative Covenants. From the date hereof until the date no shares of Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding, unless Holders of at least 75% in Stated Value of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall have otherwise given prior written consent, the Corporation shall not, and shall not permit any of the Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly:

(a) other than Permitted Indebtedness, enter into, create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist any indebtedness for borrowed money of any kind, including but not limited to, a guarantee, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

(b) other than Permitted Liens, enter into, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Liens of any kind, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

(c) amend its charter documents, including, without limitation, its articles of incorporation and bylaws, in any manner that materially and adversely affects any rights of the Holder;

(d) repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire of any shares of its Common Stock, Common Stock Equivalents or Junior Securities, other than as to the Conversion Shares as permitted or required under the Transaction Documents,

(e) pay cash dividends or distributions on Junior Securities of the Corporation;

(f) enter into any transaction with any Affiliate of the Corporation which would be required to be disclosed in any public filing with the Commission, unless such transaction is made on an arms-length basis and expressly approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Corporation (even if less than a quorum otherwise required for board approval); or

(g) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.

Section 10. Redemption Upon Triggering Events.

(a) Triggering Event means, wherever used herein any of the following events (whatever the reason for such event and whether such event shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

15

i. the Corporation shall fail to deliver Conversion Shares issuable upon a conversion hereunder that comply with the provisions hereof prior to the fifth Trading Day after such shares are required to be delivered hereunder, or the Corporation shall provide written notice to any Holder, including by way of public announcement, at any time, of its intention not to comply with requests for conversion of any shares of Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof;

ii. the Corporation shall fail for any reason to pay in full the amount of cash due pursuant to a Buy-In within five (5) Trading Days after notice therefor is delivered hereunder.

iii. the Corporation shall fail to have available a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved shares of Common Stock to issue to such Holder upon a conversion hereunder;

iv. unless specifically addressed elsewhere in this Certificate of Designation as a Triggering Event, the Corporation shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant, agreement or warranty contained in, or otherwise commit any breach of the Transaction Documents, and such failure or breach shall not, if subject to the possibility of a cure by the Corporation, have been cured within 5 calendar days after the date on which written notice of such failure or breach shall have been delivered;

v. the Corporation shall redeem Junior Securities or paripassu securities;

vi. the Corporation shall be party to a Change of Control Transaction;

vii. there shall have occurred a Bankruptcy Event;

viii. any monetary judgment, writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against the Corporation, any subsidiary or any of their respective property or other assets for more than $50,000 (provided that amounts covered by the Corporations insurance policies are not counted toward this $50,000 threshold), and such judgment, writ or similar final process shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of thirty (30) Trading Days;

ix. the electronic transfer by the Corporation of shares of Common Stock through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation once established subsequent to the date of this Certificate of Designation is no longer available or is subject to a freeze and/or chill;

x. the Corporation shall no longer be DWAC eligible ; or

xi. any Event of Default, as defined in the Purchase Agreement.

b) Upon the occurrence of a Triggering Event, each Holder shall (in addition to all other rights it may have hereunder or under applicable law) have the right, exercisable at the sole option of such Holder, to require the Corporation to (A) redeem all of the Preferred Stock then held by such Holder for a redemption price, in cash, equal to the Triggering Redemption Amount, or (B) at the option of each Holder either (i) redeem all of the Preferred Stock then held by such Holder though the issuance to such Holder of such number of shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient of (x) the Triggering Redemption Amount, divided by (y) the lowest of (1) the Conversion Price, and (2) 80% of the lowest traded price of the Common Stock during the fifteen (15) Trading Days immediately prior to the date of election hereunder, and (ii) increase the dividend rate on all of the outstanding Preferred Stock held by such Holder retroactively to the initial Closing Date to 12% per annum thereafter. The Triggering Redemption Amount, whether payable in cash or in shares, shall be due and payable or issuable, as the case may be, within five (5) Trading Days of the date on which the notice for the payment therefor is provided by a Holder (the Triggering Redemption Payment Date). If the Corporation fails to pay in full the Triggering Redemption Amount hereunder on the date such amount is due in accordance with this Section (whether in cash or shares of Common Stock), the Corporation will pay interest thereon at a rate equal to the lesser of 18% per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law, accruing and compounding daily from such date until the Triggering Redemption Amount, plus all such interest thereon, is paid in full.

16

Section 11.Registration Rights.

a) If at any time on or after the issuance date of the Preferred Stock, there is no effective registration statement registering, or no current prospectus available for, the resale of the Conversion Shares by the Holder, and the Company proposes to file any Registration Statement with respect to any offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders of the Company for their account (or by the Company and by shareholders of the Company), other than a Registration Statement in connection with a merger or acquisition, then the Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the Holders as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date of the Registration Statement, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such Registration Statement, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, of the offering, and (y) offer to the Holders the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Preferred Stock as such Holders may request in writing within five (5) days following receipt of such notice (a Piggy-Back Registration). The Company shall cause such Preferred Stock to be included in such registration and shall cause the managing underwriter or underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Preferred Stock requested to be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Preferred Stock in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All Holders proposing to distribute their Preferred Stock through a Piggy-Back Registration that involves an underwriter or underwriters shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter or underwriters selected for such Piggy-Back Registration.

b) Any Holder may elect to withdraw such Holders request for inclusion of Preferred Stock in any Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand pursuant to written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the Holders in connection with such Piggy-Back Registration (including but not limited to any legal fees).

c) The Company shall notify the Holders at any time when a prospectus relating to such Holders Securities is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any event as a result of which, the prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing. At the request of such Holder, the Company shall also prepare, file and furnish to such Holder a reasonable number of copies of a supplement to or an amendment of such prospectus as may be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of the Preferred Stock, such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing. The Holders shall not offer or sell any Preferred Stock covered by the Registration Statement after receipt of such notification until the receipt of such supplement or amendment.

d) the Company may request a Holder to furnish the Company such information with respect to such Holder and such Holders proposed distribution of the Preferred Stock pursuant to the Registration Statement as the Company may from time to time reasonably request in writing or as shall be required by law or by the Commission in connection therewith, and such Holders shall furnish the Company with such information.

e) All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with this Section 11 by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether or not any Preferred Stock are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Companys counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the Commission, (B) with respect to filings required to be made with any Trading Market on which the Common Stock are then listed for trading, (C) in compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions) and (D) with respect to any filing that may be required to be made by any broker through which a Holder intends to make sales of Preferred Stock with FINRA, (ii) printing expenses, (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) Securities Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, and (vi) fees and expenses of all other persons or entities retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Section 11.

17

f) The Company and its successors and assigns shall indemnify and hold harmless each purchaser, each Holder, the officers, directors, members, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each individual or entity who controls each purchaser or any such Holder (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such controlling individual or entity (each, an Indemnified Party), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively, Losses), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any related prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any such prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Section 11, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statements or omissions are based upon information regarding a purchaser or such Holder furnished to the Company by such party for use therein. The Company shall notify each purchaser and each Holder promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any proceeding arising from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Section 11 of which the Company is aware. If the indemnification hereunder is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless for any Losses, then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by, the Company or the Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for herein was available to such party in accordance with its terms. It is agreed that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 11(f) were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 11(f), neither the purchaser nor any Holder shall be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds actually received by such party from the sale of all of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement or related prospectus exceeds the amount of any damages that such party has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.

Section 12.Miscellaneous.

a) Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered personally or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service and by facsimile or e-mail, addressed to the Corporation, at 10800 Galaxie Avenue, Ferndale, Michigan 48220; Attention: Chief Executive Officer, e-mail [ ], or such other e-mail or address as the Corporation may specify for such purposes by prior written notice to the Holders delivered in accordance with this Section 12. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Corporation hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile number or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Corporation, or if no such facsimile number or address appears on the books of the Corporation, at the principal place of business of such Holder, as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

18

b) Absolute Obligation. Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Certificate of Designation shall alter or impair the obligation of the Corporation, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay liquidated damages, accrued dividends and accrued interest, as applicable, on the shares of Preferred Stock at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed.

c) Lost or Mutilated Preferred Stock Certificate. If a Holders Preferred Stock certificate shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Corporation shall execute and deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated certificate, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, a new certificate for the shares of Preferred Stock so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such certificate, and of the ownership hereof reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation.

d) Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Certificate of Designation shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, New York, New York, (the New York Courts). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such New York Courts, or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Certificate of Designation and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Certificate of Designation or the transactions contemplated hereby. If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Certificate of Designation, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

e) Waiver. Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder of a breach of any provision of this Certificate of Designation shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Certificate of Designation or a waiver by any other Holders. The failure of the Corporation or a Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Certificate of Designation on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party (or any other Holder) of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Certificate of Designation on any other occasion. Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder must be in writing.

f) Severability. If any provision of this Certificate of Designation is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Certificate of Designation shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law.

g) Next Business Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

h) Headings. The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Certificate of Designation and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

i) Status of Converted or Redeemed Preferred Stock. Shares of Preferred Stock may only be issued pursuant to a Purchase Agreement. If any shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted, redeemed or reacquired by the Corporation, such shares shall resume the status of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock and shall no longer be designated as Preferred Stock.

.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

19

RESOLVED, FURTHER, that the Chairman, the president or any vice-president, and the secretary or any assistant secretary, of the Corporation be and they hereby are authorized and directed to prepare and file this Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations in accordance with the foregoing resolution and the provisions of Nevada law.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Certificate this 14th day of February 2025.

/s/ Wil Ralston 

Name: 

Wil Ralston 

Title: 

CEO 

20

ANNEX A

NOTICE OF CONVERSION

(TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER IN ORDER TO CONVERT SHARES OF PREFERRED STOCK)

The undersigned hereby elects to convert the number of shares of Series TBD Convertible Preferred Stock indicated below into shares of common stock, par value $0._____ per share (the Common Stock), of SINGLEPOINT INC., a Nevada corporation (the Corporation ), according to the conditions hereof, as of the date written below. If shares of Common Stock are to be issued in the name of a Person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all transfer taxes payable with respect thereto and is delivering herewith such certificates and opinions as may be required by the Corporation in accordance with the Purchase Agreement. No fee will be charged to the Holders for any conversion, except for any such transfer taxes.

Conversion calculations:

Date to Effect Conversion: 

Number of shares of Preferred Stock owned prior to Conversion: 

Number of shares of Preferred Stock to be Converted: 

Stated Value of shares of Preferred Stock to be Converted: 

Dollar amount of Interest to be Converted: 

Other amounts owed to the Undersigned by the Corporation under the Certificate of Designation and/or any other Transaction Document to be Converted: 

Number of shares of Common Stock to be Issued: 

Applicable Conversion Price: 

Number of shares of Preferred Stock subsequent to Conversion: 

Address for Delivery: 

Or

DWAC Instructions:

Broker no: 

Account no: 

Name of Entity Holder______________ (Please Print)

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Name of Individual Holder______________ (Please Print)

______________________ (Signature of Individual Holder)

21
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>sing_ex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
sing_ex101.htm

EXHIBIT 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of February 14, 2025, between SINGLEPOINT, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and the purchaser identified on the signature page hereto (including its successors and assigns, the Purchaser).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Purchaser agrees as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement: (a) capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to such terms in the Certificate of Designation (as defined herein), and (b) the following terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Certificate of Designation means the Certificate of Designation to be filed prior to the Closing by the Company with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Closing Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto in connection with the Initial Closing or Additional Closing, as applicable, and, to the extent applicable, all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount as to such Closing and (ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the Securities as to such Closing, in each case, have been satisfied or waived.

1

Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1(a), which shall occur on each Closing Date. Following the execution of this Agreement the Purchaser will purchase one hundred and fifty six (156) shares of Preferred Stock at the aggregate purchase price of $156,000, subject to the Equity Conditions defined below (Initial Closing). There shall be one additional Closing at the Purchasers discretion, subject to the Equity Conditions (each Additional Closing) on or before February 20, 2025, for additional purchases of up to one hundred and twenty five (125) shares of Preferred Stock.

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Commitment Shares means twenty five (25) Preferred Shares issued upon the Closing as an equity incentive.

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Conversion Shares means the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock.

Disclosure Schedules shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.

Dividend means twelve percent (12%) per annum of the stated value of any Preferred Stock, paid quarterly by the Company, and at the Companys discretion, in cash or in Preferred Stock.

Equity Conditions means there are currently no uncured Events of Default. 

Evaluation Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(r). 

2

Event of Default means any of the following events: (i) the suspension, cessation from trading or delisting of the Company's Common Stock on the Principal Market for a period of two (2) consecutive trading days or more; (ii) the failure by the Company to timely comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act (including applicable extension periods) or the Trading Market; (iii) the failure for any reason by the Company to issue Commitment Shares, Dividends, Conversion Shares to the Purchaser within the required time periods; (iv) the Company breaches any representation, warranty, covenant or other term of condition contained in the definitive agreements between the parties; (v) the Company files for Bankruptcy or receivership or any money judgment writ, liquidation or a similar process is entered by or filed against the Company for more than $50,000 and remains unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20) calendar days; (vi) any cessation of operations by the Company or failure by the Company to maintain any assets, intellectual, personal or real property or other assets which are necessary to conduct its business (vii) the Company shall lose the "bid" price for its Common stock on the Principal Market; (viii) if at any time the Common Stock is no longer DWAC eligible; (ix) the Company issues, sells or exchanges any securities or debt instruments without redeeming any outstanding Preferred Shares within three (3) Business Days or (ix) a Registration Statement registering the resale of the Securities is not filed by the Company within one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days from the Initial Closing.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S.

Intellectual Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(o).

Liens means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(m).

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Preferred Stock means, up three hundred six (306) shares of the Companys Series C Preferred Stock issued hereunder having the rights, preferences and privileges set forth in the Certificate of Designation, in the form of Exhibit A hereto.

Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Purchaser Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.7.

3

Registration Statement means any Registration Statement under which the shares of the Companys common stock is registered.

Required Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

SEC Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(g).

Securities means the Preferred Stock and Conversion Shares. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Short Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to include the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common Stock).

Stated Value means $1,200 per share of Series C Preferred Stock.

Subscription Amount shall mean the aggregate amount to be paid for the Preferred Stock purchased hereunder as specified on the signature page under the heading Subscription Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE MKT, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the OTCQB or the OTC Markets (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Certificate of Designation, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer Agent means __Vstock Transfer _______, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of ____18 Lafayette Woodmere NY, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

4

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 (a) Closing. (i) Upon the execution of this Agreement the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase, one hundred and fifty six (156) shares of Preferred Stock at price of $1,000 per share of Preferred Stock. Following the Initial Closing, and subject to the Equity Conditions, the Purchaser, at its discretion, may purchase up to one hundred and twenty-five (125) shares of Preferred Stock at a Price of $1,000 per share in Additional Closings on or before February 20, 2025. The Purchaser shall deliver to the Company, via wire transfer immediately available funds equal to the Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by the Purchaser, and the Company shall deliver to the Purchaser such number of shares of the Preferred Stock purchased, as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a) and the Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at each Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, each Closing shall occur at the offices of Pryor Cashman LLP, counsel to the Purchaser, or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree.

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On or prior to each Closing (or as otherwise indicated below), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Purchaser the following:

(i) This Agreement duly executed by the Company together with any updated exhibits;

(ii) At the Closing, a certificate or electronic issuance confirmation evidencing the twenty five (25) Commitment Shares;

(iii) At the Closing, a certificate or electronic issuance confirmation evidencing the shares of Preferred Stock being issued; and

(iv) An irrevocable letter of instruction to the Company's Transfer Agent, instructing the Transfer Agent to maintain for the benefit of the Purchaser, initially 3,000,000,000 shares of its common stock and at all times thereafter not less than three times (3x) the number of common shares needed to by the Purchaser to convert and/or exercise all shares of Preferred Stock held by the Purchaser. The reserve amount shall be increased from time to time to ensure appropriate coverage of three times (3x), for Securities issued or issuable to Purchaser.

5

(b) On or prior to each Closing Date, the Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, as applicable, the following:

(i) This Agreement duly executed by the Purchaser; and

(ii) the Purchasers Subscription Amount by wire transfer to the account specified in writing by the Company together with the subscription form attached as an Exhibit below.

2.3 Closing Conditions.

(a) The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy in all material respects on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed; and

(iii) the delivery by the Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b) The obligations of the Purchaser hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy in all material respects when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein);

(ii) all obligations, Equity Conditions, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed or met;

(iii) the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and

(v) from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys principal Trading Market and, at any time prior to the applicable Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Quotestream Media. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of the Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at a Closing.

6

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b) Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c) Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

7

(d) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company has timely filed all quarterly and annual reports required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act) (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to herein as the SEC Documents). The Company has delivered to Purchaser true and complete copies of the SEC Documents, except for such exhibits and incorporated documents, and except as such Documents are available EDGAR filings on the SECs sec.gov website. As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. None of the statements made in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable law (except for such statements as have been amended or updated in subsequent filings prior the date hereof). As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents, the Company has no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, other than (i) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business subsequent to September 30, 2024and (ii) obligations under contracts and commitments incurred in the ordinary course of business and not required under generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected in such financial statements, which, individually or in the aggregate, are not material to the financial condition or operating results of the Company. The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. For the avoidance of doubt, filing of the documents required in this Section 3(g) via the SECs Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system (EDGAR) shall satisfy all delivery requirements of this Section 3(g).

8

The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the notice and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities, and (iii) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state and federal securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f) Issuance of the Securities. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Conversion Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Preferred Stock, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company shall reserve from its duly authorized capital stock a number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the Preferred Stock.

(g) Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule 3.1(g) shall also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date hereof. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (SEC Reports). No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g) and except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h) Intentionally omitted.

(i) Intentionally omitted.

9

(j) Litigation. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(j), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k) Labor Relations. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(k), no labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l) Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived) except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(l), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(l) or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, other than tax payments related to payroll that are late, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

10

(m) Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit.

(n) Title to Assets. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(n), the Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

(o) Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights as described in the SEC Reports as necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). Except as disclosed on Schedule 3.1(o), none of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(p) Insurance. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(p), the Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to the aggregate Subscription Amount. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

11

(q) Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $20,000 other than for: (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(q), all employee salaries and contractor fees have been paid to date and no such amounts are outstanding or past due.

(r) Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. Except as may be disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of each Closing Date. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(s) Certain Fees. The Company has or shall engage a suitable Investment Banker in conjunction with the transaction contemplated herein. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, other than as set forth on Schedule 3.1(s). The Purchaser shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

12

(t) Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchaser as contemplated hereby. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

(u) Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v) Registration Rights. The Company shall use its best efforts to file a registration statement registering the resale of the Securities within one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days from the execution of this Agreement. The Company shall use is best efforts to have the registration statement declared effective within sixty (60) calendar days from its filing. The Company shall use its best efforts to have a registration statement registering the resale of the Securities remain effective until such time that the Investor no longer holds any such Securities. No other Person has any right to cause the Company to affect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(w) Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Company has not in the twelve (12) months preceding the date hereof, received notice from its current Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements.

(x) [RESERVED]

13

(y) Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchaser will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchaser regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser does not make and has not made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(z) No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of any such securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(aa) Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim. Immediately after closing of this transaction, the Company covenants to pay to the Past Due Taxes.

(bb) No General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchaser.

14

(cc) Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has: (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(dd) Accountants. The Companys accounting firm is set forth on Schedule 3.1(dd) of the Disclosure Schedules. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm: (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024.

(ee) Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby. The Company further acknowledges that the Purchaser is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by the Purchaser or any of its representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Purchaser that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ff) Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding, it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) the Purchaser has not been asked by the Company to agree, nor has the Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, securities of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term, (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by the Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, derivative transactions, before or after a closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities (iii) Omit and (iv) the Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative transaction.

15

(gg) Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Companys placement agent in connection with the placement of the Securities.

(hh) Reserved.

(ii) Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(jj) Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Company's knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(kk) U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

(ll) Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(mm) Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

16

3.2 Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser. The Purchaser hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of each Closing to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein):

(a) Organization; Authority. The Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by the Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of the Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by the Purchaser, and when delivered by the Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(b) Own Account. The Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty not limiting the Purchasers right to sell the Securities in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws).

(c) Purchaser Status. At the time the Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is and on each date on which it converts any shares of Preferred Stock or exercises any Warrants, either: (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act.

(d) Experience of the Purchaser. The Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. The Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e) General Solicitation. The Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect the Purchasers right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transaction contemplated hereby.

17

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Transfer Restrictions.

(a) The Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and shall have the rights and obligations of the Purchaser under this Agreement.

(b) The Purchaser agrees to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Securities in the following form:

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and who agrees to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, the Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchasers expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities, including, if the Securities are registered under a registration statement, the preparation and filing of any required prospectus supplement under Rule 424(b)(3) under the Securities Act or other applicable provision of the Securities Act to appropriately amend the list of selling stockholders thereunder.

(c) Certificates evidencing the Conversion Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof): (i) while a registration statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such Conversion Shares pursuant to Rule 144, (iii) if such Conversion Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission). If all or any shares of Preferred Stock are converted at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the resale of the Conversion Shares, as applicable, or if such Conversion Shares may be sold under Rule 144 and the Company is then in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144, or if the Conversion Shares may be sold under Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such Conversion Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission) then such Conversion Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that following the Effective Date or at such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c), it will, no later than the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Conversion Shares, as applicable, issued with a restrictive legend (such date, the Legend Removal Date), deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4. Certificates for Conversion Shares subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the account of the Purchasers prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Purchaser. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate representing Conversion Shares, as applicable, issued with a restrictive legend.

18

(d) In addition to such Purchasers other available remedies, (i) the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of the value of the Conversion shares for which the Preferred Stock is being converted $10 per Trading Day for each Trading Day after the Legend Removal Date (increasing to $20 per Trading Day after the fifth Trading Day) until such certificate is delivered without a legend. Nothing herein shall limit such Purchasers right to pursue actual damages for the Companys failure to deliver certificates representing any Securities as required by the Transaction Documents, and such Purchaser shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief, and (ii) if after the Legend Removal Date such Purchaser purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Purchaser of all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock, or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock that such Purchaser anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive legend, then, the Company shall pay to such Purchaser, in cash, an amount equal to the excess of such Purchasers total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) (the Buy-In Price) over the product of (A) Shares that the Company was required to deliver to such Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date multiplied by (B) the highest closing sale price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the delivery by such Purchaser to the Company of the applicable Shares and ending on the date of such delivery and payment under this Section 4.1(d).

(e) In the event a Purchaser shall request delivery of unlegended shares as described in this Section 4.1 and the Company is required to deliver such unlegended shares, (i) it shall pay all fees and expenses associated with or required by the legend removal and/or transfer including but not limited to legal fees, Transfer Agent fees and overnight delivery charges and taxes, if any, imposed by any applicable government upon the issuance of Common Stock; and (ii) the Company may not refuse to deliver unlegended shares based on any claim that such Purchaser or anyone associated or affiliated with such Purchaser has not complied with Purchasers obligations under the Transaction Documents, or for any other reason, unless, an injunction or temporary restraining order from a court, on notice, restraining and or enjoining delivery of such unlegended shares shall have been sought and obtained by the Company and the Company has posted a surety bond for the benefit of such Purchaser in the amount of the greater of (i) 150% of the amount of the aggregate purchase price of the Conversion Shares, as applicable (based on exercise price in effect upon exercise) which is subject to the injunction or temporary restraining order, or (ii) the VWAP of the Common Stock on the Trading Day before the issue date of the injunction multiplied by the number of unlegended shares to be subject to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of the litigation of the dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to such Purchaser to the extent Purchaser obtains judgment in Purchasers favor.

19

4.2 Acknowledgment of Dilution of Voting Power. The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities will result in dilution of the voting power of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, which dilution will be substantial.

4.3 Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4 Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by 9:00a.m. on the fifth Trading Day immediately following the date hereof file a Current Report on Form 8-K disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers (other than Purchasers who are directors or officers of the Company) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers (other than with Purchasers who are directors or officers of the Company) or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except: (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b).

4.5 Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that the Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that the Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchaser.

20

4.6 Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf, will provide the Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that the Company believes constitutes material non-public information, unless prior thereto the Purchaser shall have entered into a written agreement with the Company regarding the confidentiality and use of such information. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

4.7 Indemnification of Purchaser. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.7, the Company will indemnify and hold the Purchaser and their respective directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls the Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is based upon a breach of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which constitutes fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or malfeasance). If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or such defense once started is subsequently delayed owing to lack of timely payment by the Company of legal fees and expenses or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.7 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

21

4.8 Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. The Purchaser, covenants that neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will (i) execute any Short Sales, of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 or (ii) from the date hereof until the earlier of the 12 month anniversary of the date hereof and the date that the Preferred Stock is no longer outstanding, execute any Short Sales of the Common Stock (a Prohibited Short Sale). The Purchaser covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, the Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Transaction Documents and the Disclosure Schedules. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Purchaser does not make any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) except for a Prohibited Short Sale, the Purchaser shall not be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) the Purchaser shall have no duty of confidentiality to the Company or its Subsidiaries after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4.

4.9 Form D; Blue Sky Filings. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of the Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchaser under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of the Purchaser.

4.10 Redemption.

The Company shall have the right to redeem the Securities, in accordance with the following schedule:

i. If all of the Securities are redeemed within ninety (90) calendar days from the issuance date thereof, the Company shall have the right to redeem the Securities upon five (5) business days of written notice at a price equal to the product of one hundred fifteen percent (115%) multiplied by the sum of the outstanding Stated Value together with any accrued but unpaid dividends and all other amounts due pursuant to this Agreement and the Certificate of Designation;

ii. If all of the Securities are redeemed after ninety (90) calendar days from the issuance date thereof, the Company shall have the right to redeem the Securities upon five (5) business days of written notice at a price equal to the product of one hundred twenty percent (120%) multiplied by the sum of the outstanding Stated Value together with any accrued but unpaid dividends and all other amounts due pursuant to this Agreement and the Certificate of Designation; and

iii. The Company shall honor all conversions of Preferred Stock until the receipt by the Purchaser of the applicable redemption amounts set forth in this Section 4.10.

22

4.11 Dividends The Company shall pay a dividend of twelve percent (12%) per annum on the Preferred Stock, for as long as the relevant Preferred Stock has not been redeemed or converted. Dividends shall be paid quarterly, and at the Companys discretion, in cash or Preferred Stock calculated at the purchase price.

4.12 Event of Default Following any Event of Default, all outstanding Preferred Stock shall come immediately due for redemption and the redemption amount shall accrue dividends at the lesser of (a) 12% per annum or (b) the maximum legal rate. Redemption following an Event of Default shall occur at an amount equaling the product of one hundred and thirty five percent (135%), multiplied by the sum of the Stated Value, all accrued but unpaid dividends and all other amounts due pursuant to this Agreement and the Certificate of Designation for all Preferred Stock.

4.13 Conversion and Exercise Procedures. The forms of Notice of Conversion included in the Preferred Stock set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchaser in order to convert the Preferred Stock. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchaser to convert their Preferred Stock. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Conversion or Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion or Notice of Exercise form be required in order to convert the Preferred Stock. The Company shall honor conversion of the Preferred Stock and shall deliver Conversion Shares, in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

4.14 DTC Program. For so long as the Preferred Stock, the Company will employ as the Transfer Agent for the Common Stock and a participant in the DTC Automated Securities Transfer Program and cause the Common Stock to be transferable pursuant to such program.

4.15 Most Favored Nations. From the date hereof until the date when the Purchaser no longer holds any Securities, upon any issuance by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of Common Stock, Common Stock Equivalents for cash consideration, indebtedness or a combination of units hereof (a Subsequent Financing), Purchaser may elect, in its sole discretion, to exchange (in lieu of conversion), if applicable, all or some of the Securities then held for any securities or units issued in a Subsequent Financing on a $1.00 for $1.00 basis. The Company shall provide the Purchaser with notice of any such Subsequent Financing in the manner set forth below. Additionally, if in such Subsequent Financing there are any contractual provisions or side letters that provide terms more favorable to the investors than the terms provided for hereunder, then the Company shall specifically notify the Purchaser of such additional or more favorable terms and such terms, at Purchasers option, shall become a part of the transaction documents with the Purchaser. The types of terms contained in another security that may be more favorable to the holder of such security include, but are not limited to, terms addressing stock sale price, price per share, collateralization/security rights and warrant coverage.

4.16 Right of First Refusal. The Purchaser shall have a right of first refusal with respect to any debt or equity financing or investment so long as any of the Securities (or amounts owing hereunder) remain outstanding (ROFR). The Purchaser shall exercise its ROFR in writing within 5 trading days of having received written notice from the Company. Upon the Purchaser being presented with a first right of refusal ("ROFR") for future financings as granted by this transaction and subsequently declining to participate in the presented financing opportunity, the Purchaser agrees that the amount of shares held at the transfer agent shall be immediately reduced to three hundred percent (300%) coverage. The Company shall not be required by the Purchaser to provide any additional documentation to effect the reduction of the shares held in reserve back to 300% coverage.

23

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by the Purchaser, as to the Purchasers obligations hereunder, if the Initial Closing has not been consummated within five (5) Business Days of the date hereof or the Additional Closing has not been consummated within five (5) Business Days of the filing of the Registration Statement registering the resale of the Registrable Securities; provided, however, that such termination will not affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2 Fees and Expenses. At the Initial Closing, the Company has agreed to reimburse the Purchaser $6,000 for its legal fees in connection with the transaction contemplated by the Transaction Documents, which such amount may be withheld from the Purchasers Subscription Amount deliverable at Closing. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchaser.

5.3 Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

5.5 Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and the holders of at least 75% in interest of the Securities then outstanding or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.

24

5.6 Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Purchaser (other than by merger). The Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom the Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchaser.

5.8 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.7 and this Section 5.8.

5.9 Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state or federal courts sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, New York, New York Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, New York, New York for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.7, the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

5.10 Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive each Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

25

5.11 Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.12 Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13 Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then the Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights.

5.14 Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15 Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, the Purchaser and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.16 Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to the Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or the Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

26

5.17 Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.18 Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.19 Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.20 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature Pages Follow)

27

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

SINGLEPOINT, INC. 

Address for Notice:

3104 E Camelback Rd #2137

Phoenix AZ 85016

By: /s/ Wil Ralston 

Name: Wil Ralston 

Title: CEO 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Attn: Wil

Email: wilr@singlepoint.com

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

28

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGE TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

Name of Purchaser: GHS Investments LLC

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: _/s/ Mark Grober_________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: Mark Grober

Title of Authorized Signatory: Member

Address for Notice to Purchaser: 420 Jericho Turnpike, Suite 102, Jericho, NY 11753

Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

Facsimile Number: (212) 574-2236

Subscription Amount: $125,000.00

Subscription Date: February 25, 2025

Shares of Preferred Stock: 125

29

Exhibit A

Certificate of Designation

30

[list of Disclosure Schedules: content to be provided by Company]:

(please read each section for specific content, topic below listed for convenience only)

Schedule 3.1(a) subsidiaries 

Schedule 3.1(g) capitalization - 

Schedule 3.1(j) litigation 

Schedule 3.1(k) - labor disputes 

Schedule 3.1(l) - compliance

Schedule 3.1(n) - title to assets

Schedule 3.1(o) -intellectual property 

Schedule 3.1(p) - insurance

Schedule 3.1(s) certain fees

Schedule 3.1(aa) - tax status

Schedule 3.1(dd) accountants Turner Stone and Company 

31

FORM OF CLOSING NOTICE

TO: GHS Investments, LLC

DATE: February 14, 2025

We refer to the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 14, 2025 (the Agreement), entered into by and between Singlepoint, Inc., and you. Capitalized terms defined in the Agreement shall, unless otherwise defined herein, have the same meaning when used herein.

We hereby:

1) Give you notice that we require you to purchase 156 shares of Series C Preferred Stock; and

2) The purchase price per share, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, is $1,000; and

3) Certify that, as of the date hereof, the conditions set forth in Section 2.3 of the Agreement, as related to the obligations of the Company, are satisfied.

Closing will occur in accordance with the terms and conditions of Section 2 of the Agreement.

SINGLEPOINT, INC. 

By: 

Name: Wil Ralston 

Title: CEO 

32
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>sing-20250214.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>sing-20250214_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document Period End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address Address Line 1 

Entity Address City Or Town 

Entity Address State Or Province 

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Local Phone Number 

Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.CAL
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>sing-20250214_cal.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>sing-20250214_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>sing-20250214_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Feb. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name SinglePoint Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001443611

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Document Period End Date Feb. 14, 2025

Entity File Number 000-53425

Entity Incorporation State Country Code NV

Entity Tax Identification Number 26-1240905

Entity Address Address Line 1 3104 E Camelback Rd #2137

Entity Address City Or Town Phoenix

Entity Address State Or Province AZ

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 85016

City Area Code 888

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Local Phone Number 682-7464

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.0001 Par Value

Trading Symbol SING

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://sing.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

sing-20250214.xsd 
sing-20250214_cal.xml 
sing-20250214_def.xml 
sing-20250214_lab.xml 
sing-20250214_pre.xml 
sing_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001477932-25-001753-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>sing_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001443611 

2025-02-14 
2025-02-14 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

0001443611 
false 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-02-14 
SinglePoint Inc. 
NV 
000-53425 
26-1240905 
3104 E Camelback Rd #2137 
Phoenix 
AZ 
85016 
888 
682-7464 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 Par Value 
SING 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>