<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001654954-25-001429.txt : 20250213
<SEC-HEADER>0001654954-25-001429.hdr.sgml : 20250213
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250213083719
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-25-001429
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		23
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250213
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250213
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250213

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000889971
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				860708398
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27548
		FILM NUMBER:		25617369

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2603 CHALLENGER TECH CT
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			ORLANDO
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32826
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4073824003
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>lpth_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?lpth_8k.htm

0000889971false--06-3000008899712025-02-132025-02-13iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

February 13, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 

000-27548 

86-0708398

(State or other jurisdiction of 

incorporation or organization) 

(Commission 

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer 

Identification Number)

2603 Challenger Tech Court, Suite 100

Orlando, Florida32826

(Address of principal executive office, including zip code)

(407) 382-4003

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading 

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange 

on which registered

Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 

LPTH 

The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards providing pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Membership Interest Purchase Agreement 

On February 13, 2025, LightPath Technologies, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement) by and among the Company, G5 Infrared, LLC, a New Hampshire limited liability company (G5 Infrared), the members of G5 Infrared (the Sellers), and Kenneth R. Greenslade, solely in his capacity as Sellers Representative, pursuant to which the Company has agreed to acquire from the Sellers all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of G5 Infrared.

Under the terms and conditions of the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, upon closing, the Sellers will receive aggregate consideration consisting of (i) $20.25 million in cash (the Cash Consideration), and 1,972,531 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (Common Stock) of the Company (the Stock Consideration and together with the Cash Consideration, the Consideration), in each case subject to various purchase price adjustments set forth in the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, and (ii) up to $23.0 million in earn-out consideration paid annually in fiscal years 2026 and 2027 subject to achievement of certain revenue and EBITDA targets set forth in the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement. The Company intends to fund the acquisition of G5 Infrared with proceeds from the concurrent private placement of its equity securities and senior secured promissory notes, as further described below. The board of directors of the Company (the Board) has unanimously approved the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby (the Transaction).

The Membership Interest Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, conditions and indemnification obligations of the parties. The Membership Interest Purchase Agreement also contains customary covenants and agreements, including, among others, covenants and agreements relating to the conduct of their respective businesses during the period between the execution of the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement and closing of the Transaction, the efforts of the parties to cause the Transaction to be completed, the non-solicitation of alternative acquisition proposals, and the Companys good faith efforts to obtain financing for the purchase of G5 Infrared.

The closing of the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of customary closing conditions set forth in the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement. The Transaction is expected to close on or before February 19, 2025. 

2

Securities Purchase Agreement 

On February 13, 2025, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement) with certain accredited investors (the Purchasers), pursuant to which the Purchasers have agreed to purchase from the Company (i) an aggregate of approximately 24,956 shares (the Preferred Shares) of a newly created series of preferred stock, with a stated value of $1,000 per share (the Preferred Stock), designated Series G Convertible Preferred Stock, which shall be convertible into shares of Common Stock (the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares being referred to as the Conversion Shares), in accordance with the terms of the Companys Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of the Series G Convertible Preferred Stock to be filed with the Delaware Secretary of State (the Certificate of Designations), (ii) warrants to purchase an aggregate of 4,352,774 shares of Common Stock, with an exercise price of $2.58 per share (the Warrants; the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants being referred to as the Warrant Shares), and (iii) senior secured promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of $5,195,205 (the Notes), which are convertible into shares of Preferred Stock upon the occurrence of the event specified in the Notes (the Preferred Conversion Shares), which are in turn convertible into Conversion Shares (the Preferred Shares, Conversion Shares, Warrants, Warrant Shares, Notes and Preferred Conversion Shares, collectively the Securities, and the transactions contemplated by the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Private Placement). The Private Placement is expected to close immediately prior to the closing of the Transaction, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

The Company expects to receive aggregate proceeds from the Private Placement of approximately $32.2 million, inclusive of the conversion of existing indebtedness, before deducting estimated offering expenses payable by the Company, which will be used to fund, in part, the Cash Consideration payable in connection with the Transaction.

The Securities Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants, conditions and indemnification obligations of the parties. In addition, the Lead Investor (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) has certain board designation rights as further described in the Securities Purchase Agreement and in Item 5.02 below.

The Company may not issue Conversion Shares and/or Warrant Shares to the extent such issuances would result in an aggregate number of shares of Common Stock exceeding 19.99% of the total shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the closing of the Private Placement (the Exchange Cap), in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq unless the Company first obtains stockholder approval (the Stockholder Approval). Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement and as required by Nasdaq, the Company agreed to file a proxy statement to obtain the Stockholder Approval and hold such meeting of stockholders of the Company not later than 120 days after the closing of the Private Placement.

Pursuant to an engagement letter agreement between the Company and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC (the Placement Agent) dated August 12, 2024 (the Engagement Agreement), the Placement Agent acted as the Companys exclusive placement agent in connection with the Private Placement. Under the terms of the Engagement Agreement, the Company will pay the Placement Agent a transaction fee equal to 5.75% of the aggregate gross proceeds of the Private Placement upon closing.

Description of the Series G Convertible Preferred Stock

The terms of the Series G Convertible Preferred Stock are governed by the Certificate of Designations to be filed by the Company with the Delaware Secretary of State prior to the closing of the Transaction. Pursuant to the Certificate of Designations, the Company designated 35,111 shares of its preferred stock as Series G Convertible Preferred Stock. The following is a summary of the material terms of the Preferred stock:

Dividends. The Preferred Stock bears dividends at a per annum rate of 6.5%, which accrues daily and compounds on quarterly basis from the issuance date on the stated value of $1,000 per share (the Stated Value). Dividends will not be paid or payable in cash, except, at the Companys option, and subject to applicable law, such dividends may be payable quarterly in cash beginning on the five-year anniversary of the issuance date, with the period between the issuance date and such five-year anniversary being defined as the Guaranteed Term. Dividends will cease to accrue if, following the end of the Guaranteed Term, the closing price of the Common Stock on the principal market equals or exceeds three hundred percent (300%) of the then-applicable conversion price, as adjusted according to the Certificate of Designations, for a period of 30 consecutive trading days. Holders will also be entitled to receive dividends on shares of Preferred Stock equal (on an as-if converted-to-Common-Stock basis regardless of whether the Preferred Stock is then convertible or otherwise subject to conversion limitations) to and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the Companys Common Stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of the Common Stock. To the extent that, during the Guaranteed Term, the Company undergoes certain fundamental events or effects a mandatory conversion of the Preferred Stock, then, immediately prior to the effective time of such event, the amount of accrued dividends shall by increased by an amount that would have otherwise accrued with respect to the Preferred Stock between the date of such event and the end of the Guaranteed Term (the Make Whole Amount).

3

Conversion. At any time or times on or after the issuance date, any holder of Preferred Shares will be entitled to convert any whole number of Preferred Shares into fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock at the Conversion Rate (as defined below). The number of Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of each of the Preferred Shares will be determined according to the quotient (the Conversion Rate) of (i) the Stated Value per share plus an amount per share equal to any accrued and unpaid dividends and, if applicable, any Make Whole Payment (the Liquidation Preference), divided by (ii) $2.15, subject to adjustment as provided by the Certificate of Designation (the Conversion Price). In addition, on or after the three-year anniversary of the issuance date, if (x) the closing price of the Common Stock on the principal market equals or exceeds three hundred percent (300%) of the then-applicable Conversion Price, for 20 trading days during any 30 consecutive trading day period, and (y) at the time the preceding clause (x) is satisfied, the Companys EBITDA for the four consecutive calendar quarterly immediately preceding such date equals or exceeds $20.0 million, then the Company will have the right, upon ten trading days written notice, to cause the conversion of all of the outstanding Preferred Shares into Conversion Shares at the Conversion Rate. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in no event will any holder be entitled or required to convert Preferred Shares for a number of Conversion Shares in excess of that number of Conversion Shares that, upon giving effect to such conversion, would either (i) cause the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the holder and its affiliates and any other persons or entities whose beneficial ownership of Common Stock would be aggregated with the holders for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including shares held by any group of which the holder is a member, to exceed 19.99% or, if elected by such holder, a lesser percentage of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of a holders Preferred Shares, or (ii) cause the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issued as Conversion Shares upon conversion of any Preferred Shares and issued upon the exercise of any Warrants issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, to exceed the Exchange Cap.

Voting Rights. The holders of Preferred Shares will be entitled to notice of all stockholder meetings at which holders of Common Stock are entitled to vote. Each holder of Preferred Shares will be entitled to vote such Preferred Shares on an as-converted basis (based upon the aggregate number of conversion shares into which such holders Preferred Shares are then convertible, giving effect to any limitations on conversion set forth in the Certificate of Designations) with respect to all matters on which holders of Common Stock are entitled to vote, voting together with the Common Stock as a single class, and will otherwise be entitled to such voting rights as required by applicable law.

Redemption. At any time after the Guaranteed Term, each of the Company and the Lead Investor shall have the right to require the Company to redeem all of the Preferred Shares at a price per Preferred Share equal to the greater of (i) 150% of the then-applicable Liquidation Preference and (ii) the product of (A) the Conversion Rate on the applicable redemption date multiplied by (B) the VWAP (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) of the Common Stock for the five trading day period immediately preceding the applicable redemption date. In the event that the amount determined pursuant to clause (B) exceeds the amount determined pursuant to Clause (A), the number of shares that the Company will be required to redeem will be proportionately reduced, and the Company will have the right to cause the conversion of any remaining shares of Preferred Stock thereafter, subject to certain limitations. Further, simultaneous with or after the occurrence of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the Certificate of Designations), the Company will be obligated to redeem all outstanding Preferred Shares at a price per Preferred Share equal to the greater of (i) the applicable Liquidation Preference, and (ii) the product of (A) the Conversion Rate at such time, multiplied by (B) either (x) in the event of a Fundamental Transaction in which all of the outstanding shares are exchanged for, or converted into the right to receive, consideration consisting solely of cash, then the consideration per share of Common Stock payable in such Fundamental Transaction, or (y) otherwise, the VWAP on the date immediately preceding the closing of the Fundamental Transaction.

Liquidation. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of the Preferred Shares will be entitled to receive in cash out of the assets of the Company, whether from capital or from earnings available for distribution to its stockholders, before any amount shall be paid to the holders of any of the capital stock of the Company of any class junior in rank to the Preferred Shares in respect of the preferences as to the distributions and payments on the liquidation, dissolution and winding up of the Company, an amount per Preferred Share equal to the greater of (i) the Liquidation Preference, or (b) such amount per share as would have been payable had all Preferred Shares been converted into Common Stock immediately prior to such liquidation, dissolution or winding up (collectively, the Preferred Funds), subject to proration among holders of Preferred Shares and pari passu securities in the event that the Preferred Funds are insufficient to pay the full amount due.

4

Description of Warrants

At the closing of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company will issue to the Purchasers Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 4,352,774 shares of Common Stock, or the Warrant Shares. The exercise price of the Warrants is $2.58 (the Exercise Price). The Exercise Price and the number of underlying shares of Common Stock is subject to proportional adjustment in the event of customary stock splits, stock dividends, combinations or similar events.

The Warrants will expire on the six year anniversary of issuance, and will be exercisable at any time on or after the issuance date.

A holder may not exercise any portion of the Warrants, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance exercise, either (i) the holder (together with the holders affiliates and any other persons acting as a group together with the holder or any of the holders affiliates would beneficially own in excess of 19.99%, or, if elected be such holder, a lesser percentage of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant, or (ii) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of the Warrant, the exercise of any other Warrants issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, and upon conversion of Preferred Stock, exceeds the Exchange Cap (as adjusted to reflect any share splits, reverse share splits or similar recapitalizations that occur after the Issue Date).

Description of Notes

At the closing of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company will issue the Notes. The Notes accrue interest at the rate between 10-12% per annum, based on the ratio of indebtedness to EBIDTA of the Company, unless an event of default (as defined in the Notes) occurs, at which time the Notes would accrue interest at 15% per annum. The Notes will mature on the second anniversary of the issuance date.

The Notes will convert into shares of Preferred Stock if the EBIDTA reported by the Company for the calendar year ending December 31, 2025 is less than $4,921,875.00, which are in turn convertible into Conversion Shares. All or part of the Notes may be redeemed by the Company prior to the maturity date at a redemption price equal to the portion of principal so redeemed plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, provided that if the funds used for redemption were not generated internally by Company operations, the redemption amount will be multiplied by 102%.

In addition, following an event of default or upon a change of control, the Purchaser may require the Company to redeem all or any portion of the Notes. Notwithstanding anything to contrary, upon any bankruptcy event of default, the Company will immediately pay the holder an amount in cash representing all outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest. 

The Notes include customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. Additionally, the Notes include financial covenants requiring the Company to maintain a Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Notes) of not greater than 4.00:1:00 and a Fixed Charge Covered Ratio (as defined in the Notes) of greater than 1.20:1.00 for each fiscal quarter beginning with the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2025.

Registration Rights Agreement

At the closing of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company and the Purchasers will enter into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement), pursuant to which the Company has agreed to register all Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares (the Registrable Securities) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The Company agreed to file a registration statement covering the resale of such Registrable Securities within 75 days of the date of closing. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to cause such registration statement to be declared effective under the Securities Act as soon as possible but, in any event, no later than 90 days following the date of closing and will use its reasonable best efforts to keep such registration statement continuously effective under the Securities Act. If the Company fails to meet these deadlines, or upon the occurrence of other events set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company will be subject to liquidated damages payable to the holders of the Registrable Securities in certain circumstances.

5

Class A Common Securities Purchase Agreement and Related Exchange of Debt

On February 13, 2025, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Class A Common Securities Purchase Agreement) with Lytton-Kambara Foundation (the Buyer), pursuant to which Buyer has agreed to purchase from the Company: (i) 455,192 shares of Common Stock at a purchase price of approximately $2.15 per share, plus warrants to purchase 37.5% of the number of shares, or 170,697 shares of Common Stock, with an exercise price of $2.58 per share; and (ii) 232,558 shares of Common Stock at a purchase price of approximately $2.15 per share (the Common Offering). The consideration aggregate of $1.5 million to be paid consists of: 1) $500,000 cash; and 2) the remaining $1,000,000 by exchange of an equal amount of principal and accrued and unpaid interest outstanding under that certain existing indebtedness of the Company held by the Buyer as evidenced by that certain Bridge Note in the original principal amount of $3,000,000 dated August 6, 2024, by the Company in favor of the Buyer (the Existing Note). Upon such exchange under the Class A Common Securities Purchase Agreement, and a like exchange for the remaining balance of the Existing Note in connection with the Buyer purchasing Preferred Stocks and Notes in the Private Placement, all of the Companys obligations under the Existing Note shall be deemed satisfied in full, waived or terminated and the Existing Note will be deemed cancelled and of no force or effect. The Common Offering is expected to close immediately prior to the closing of the Transaction.

The agreements described in this Item 1.01 contain representations, warranties, and covenants that are customary for transactions such as the Transaction, the Private Placement and the Common Offering, which were made only for purposes of such agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement, and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties. Accordingly, such agreements are incorporated herein by reference only to provide investors with information regarding the terms of such agreements, and not to provide investors with any other factual information regarding the Company or its business, and should be read in conjunction with the disclosures in the Companys periodic reports and other filings with SEC.

The foregoing descriptions of the Certificate of Designations, the form of Warrant, the form of Note, the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement and the Class A Common Securities Purchase Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Certificate of Designations, the form of Warrant, the form of Note, the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement and the Class A Common Securities Purchase Agreement, respectively, which are filed as Exhibits 3.1, 4.1, 4.2, 10.2, 10.3 and 10.4 hereto, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information included in Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. 

The information included in Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. The Securities described in this Current Report on Form 8-K were offered and will be issued in reliance upon exemptions from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder and corresponding provisions of state securities laws. Accordingly, none of the securities to be issued in the Transaction, the Private Placement or the Common Offering, will have been registered under the Securities Act as of the closing date of such transactions, and until registered, these securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or availability of an applicable exemption from registration.

Item 3.03 Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders. 

The information included in Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers Election of Directors Appointment of Certain Officers Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, and subject to and effective as of the closing thereunder, the Company and the Companys Board of Directors have agreed to increase the size of the Board to eight members and appoint a director nominee affiliated with the Lead Investor and an independent board nominee. Thomas Ellis, an affiliate of the Lead Investor, will serve as a Class II Director until his successor is duly elected and qualified or until his death, resignation, or removal. The independent director nominee will be appointed at a later date.

Mr. Ellis, age 55, has served as a Co-Managing Member at North Run, a public security investment firm, since December 2002. Prior to co-founding North Run in 2002, Mr. Ellis, was a Principal at Berkshire Partners, LLC, a private equity firm, an Analyst at MHR Fund Management, a hedge fund and distressed debt fund, and an Associate in the Investment Banking Division of Goldman, Sachs & Co. Mr. Ellis has served on the boards of directors of LENSAR, Inc. since May 2023 and of Guerrilla RF, Inc. since August 2024. Mr. Ellis received an A.B. degree from Princeton University and a J.D. degree from Harvard Law School.

Mr. Ellis will be entitled to the standard compensation received by non-employee directors of the Company. The Companys director compensation program is more fully described in the Companys definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the SEC on October 7, 2024. Other than the Private Placement, the Company is not aware of any transactions or proposed transactions in which the Company was or is to be a participant since July 1, 2023, in which the amount involved exceeds $120,000, and in which Mr. Ellis had, or will have, a direct or indirect material interest. Mr. Ellis has not been appointed to the membership of any committees of the Board, and there are no committee appointments currently contemplated with respect to Mr. Ellis.

6

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. 

The information included in Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On February 13, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the execution of the agreements related to the Transaction, the Private Placement and Common Offering. The press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Forward Looking Statement 

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including without limitation statements regarding: future expectations, plans and prospects for the Company, G5 Infrared and the combined company following the anticipated consummation of the proposed Transaction the anticipated size of and investors in the proposed Private Placement and Common Offering the anticipated benefits of the Transaction the anticipated timing of the closing the acquisition, the Private Placement and the Common Offering; the anticipated use of proceeds of the Private Placement and Common Offering and other statements containing the words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, target, would, will, working and similar expressions. Any forward-looking statements are based on managements current expectations of future events and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those set forth in, or implied by, such forward-looking statements. The combined company may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in these forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, important risks and uncertainties associated with: completion of the proposed acquisition and concurrent Private Placement in a timely manner or on the anticipated terms or at all the satisfaction (or waiver) of closing conditions to the consummation of the acquisition and the Private Placement the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance or condition that could give rise to the termination of the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, the Securities Purchase Agreement or the Class A Common Securities Purchase Agreement the effect of the announcement or pendency of the acquisition on the Companys or G5 Infrareds business relationships, operating results and business generally the ability of the combined company to timely and successfully achieve or recognize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against the Company or G5 Infrared following any announcement of the proposed acquisition and related transactions costs related to the proposed acquisition, including unexpected costs, charges or expenses resulting from the acquisition changes in applicable laws or regulation the possibility that the Company or G5 Infrared may be adversely affected by other economic, business and/or competitive factors competitive responses to the transactions achieving the Companys other business objectives. For a discussion of other risks and uncertainties, and other important factors, any of which could cause the Companys actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see the Risk Factors section, as well as discussions of potential risks, uncertainties and other important factors, in the Companys most recent filings with the SEC. In addition, the forward looking statements included in this Current Report on Form 8-K represent the Companys views as of the date hereof and should not be relied upon as representing the Companys views as of any date subsequent to the date hereof. The Company anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause the Companys views to change. However, while the Company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, the Company specifically disclaims any obligation to do so.

No Offer or Solicitation

This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities nor shall there be any sale of securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

7

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)

Exhibit No. 

Description

3.1 

Form of Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock

4.1 

Form of Warrant

4.2 

Form of Note

10.1* 

Form of Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated February 13, 2025, by and among LightPath Technologies, Inc., G5 Infrared, LLC, the members of G5 Infrared, LLC, and Kenneth R. Greenslade, solely in his capacity as Sellers Representative.

10.2* 

Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 13, 2025, by and among LightPath Technologies, Inc. and the investors listed on the Schedule of Buyers attached thereto. 

10.3 

Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 13, 2025, by and among LightPath Technologies, Inc. and each of the several purchasers signatory thereto.

10.4* 

Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 13, 2025, by and between LightPath Technologies, Inc. and Lytton-Kambara Foundation.

99.1 

Press Release of LightPath Technologies, Inc., dated February 13, 2025.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Schedules and certain exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Items 601(a)(5) and/or 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. The issuer hereby undertakes to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to such agreement to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.

8

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed in its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Dated: February 13, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Albert Miranda 

Albert Miranda, Chief Financial Officer 

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>lpth_ex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS
<TEXT>
lpth_ex31.htm

EXHIBIT 3.1

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS, PREFERENCES

AND RIGHTS OF SERIES G CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

OF

LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

LightPath Technologies, Inc. (the Company), a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, does hereby certify that, pursuant to authority conferred upon the Board of Directors of the Company by the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended, and pursuant to Section 151 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the Board of Directors of the Company duly adopted resolutions (i) authorizing a series of the Companys previously authorized Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (Preferred Stock), and (ii) providing for the designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of 35,111 shares of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company, as follows:

RESOLVED, that the Company is authorized to issue 35,111 shares of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Shares), with a stated value of $1,000 per share, which shall have the following powers, designations, preferences and other special rights:

(1) Dividends.

(a) The Preferred Shares shall bear dividends at a rate of six and one-half percent (6.5%) per annum, which shall accrue daily and compound on a quarterly basis from the Issuance Date (as defined below), on the Stated Value (as defined below) (the Accruing Dividend). Such dividends shall accrue whether or not they have been declared and whether or not there are profits, surplus or other funds of the Company legally available for the payment of dividends. Such dividends shall not be paid or payable in cash, except, at the Companys option, and subject to applicable law, such dividends may be payable quarterly in cash beginning on the five (5) year anniversary of the Issuance Date, with the period between the Issuance Date and such five (5) year anniversary being defined as the Guaranteed Term. The Accruing Dividend shall cease to accrue if, following the end of the Guaranteed Term, the closing price of the Class A Common Stock on the Principal Market equals or exceeds three hundred percent (300%) of the then-applicable Conversion Price, as adjusted pursuant to Section 2(c) hereunder, for a period of thirty (30) consecutive Trading Days.

(b) To the extent that, during the Guaranteed Term, (i) the Company undergoes any liquidation, dissolution, winding up, or Fundamental Transaction, or (ii) the Company elects to effect a Mandatory Conversion of the Preferred Shares, (each, a Make Whole Event), then, immediately prior to the effective time of such Make Whole Event and without further action by any party, the amount of Accruing Dividends accrued on the Preferred Shares shall automatically be increased by an amount equal to any additional Accruing Dividends that would have otherwise accrued on the Preferred Shares between the date of the Make Whole Event and the end of the Guaranteed Term (the Make Whole Payment), and the Accruing Dividend shall thereafter cease to accrue.

(c) In addition, subject to the rights of the holders, if any, of the shares of other classes or series of Preferred Stock of the Company that are of equal rank with the Preferred Shares as to payments of Preferred Funds (as defined below) (the Pari Passu Shares), if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of any class of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Common Stock), by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend or other distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the Issuance Date (as defined below), then, in each such case, each holder of Preferred Shares shall be entitled to receive such Distribution, and the Company shall make such Distribution to such holder, exactly as if such holder had converted such holders Preferred Shares in full (and, as a result, had held all of the Conversion Shares that such holder would have received upon such conversion, without regard to any limitations or restrictions on conversion) immediately prior to the record date for such Distribution, or if there is no record date therefor, immediately prior to the effective date of such Distribution (but without the holders actually having to so convert such holders Preferred Shares). For the avoidance of doubt, payments under the preceding sentence shall be made concurrently with the Distribution to the holders of Common Stock.

(2) Holders Conversion of Preferred Shares. The Preferred Shares shall be convertible into shares of the Companys Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (Class A Common Stock) on the following terms and conditions:

(a) Conversion Rights. 

(i) Optional Conversion. At any time or times on or after the Issuance Date, any holder of Preferred Shares shall be entitled to convert any whole number of Preferred Shares into fully paid and nonassessable shares (the Conversion Shares) (rounded to the nearest whole share in accordance with Section (2)(d)(vi)) of the Companys Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (Class A Common Stock), at the Conversion Rate (as defined below).

(ii) Mandatory Conversion. On or after the three (3) year anniversary of the Issuance Date, if (x) the closing price of the Class A Common Stock on the Principal Market equals or exceeds three hundred percent (300%) of the then-applicable Conversion Price, as adjusted pursuant to Section 2(c) hereunder, for twenty (20) Trading Days during any thirty (30) consecutive Trading Day period, and (y) at the time the preceding clause (x) is satisfied, the Companys EBITDA for the four consecutive calendar quarterly immediately preceding such date equals or exceeds $20.0 million, then the Company shall have the right, upon ten (10) Trading Days written notice, to cause the conversion of all of the outstanding Preferred Shares into Conversion Shares (rounded to the nearest whole share in accordance with Section (2)(d)(vi)) at the Conversion Rate (such conversion being a Mandatory Conversion and the date of such conversion being the Mandatory Conversion Date).

(iii) Limitations on Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2(a), in no event shall any holder of be entitled or required to convert Preferred Shares for a number of Conversion Shares in excess of that number of Conversion Shares that, upon giving effect to such conversion, would either (i) cause the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the holder and its Affiliates and any other persons or entities whose beneficial ownership of Common Stock would be aggregated with the holders for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act), including shares held by any group of which the holder is a member (any such persons and entities being referred to herein as Attribution Parties), to exceed the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, or (ii) cause the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock issued as Conversion Shares upon conversion of any Preferred Shares and issued upon the exercise of any warrants (such shares, the Warrant Shares) issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement (such warrants, the Warrants), to exceed 6,055,606 (as adjusted to reflect any share splits, reverse share splits or similar recapitalizations that occur after the Issuance Date) (the Exchange Cap). Subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below), a holder of Preferred Shares shall not be issued in the aggregate, upon the conversion of Preferred Shares into Conversion Shares and the exercise of Warrants into Warrant Shares, an amount greater than the product of the Exchange Cap multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the total amount of shares of Common Stock issuable to such holder upon the conversion of its Preferred Shares and the exercise of its Warrant and the denominator of which is the total amount of shares of Common Stock issuable to all Buyers pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement (or their respective assignees) upon exercise of all Warrants and the conversion of all Preferred Shares issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement (with respect to each holder, the Exchange Cap Allocation). In the event that any holder of Preferred Shares shall sell or otherwise transfer any of its Preferred Shares, the transferee shall be allocated such holders Exchange Cap Allocation, and the restrictions of the prior sentence shall apply to such transferee with respect to the Exchange Cap Allocation allocated to such transferee. For purposes of the foregoing sentences, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock that would be issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, nonconverted Preferred Shares beneficially owned by the holder and its Affiliates and any Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section (2)(a), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the holder that the Company is not representing to the holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and the holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section (2)(a) applies, the determination of whether Preferred Shares are convertible (in relation to other securities owned by the holder of such Preferred Shares together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of such Preferred Shares are convertible shall be in the sole discretion of such holder, and the submission of a Conversion Notice shall be deemed to be the holders determination of whether its Preferred Shares are exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by such holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of such Preferred Shares are exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation and the Exchange Cap, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section (2)(a), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, a holder of Preferred Shares may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the SEC, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or its transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a holder of Preferred Shares, the Company shall within two (2) Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the holder the number of shares of Class A Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including Preferred Shares, by such holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 19.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of a holders Preferred Shares, provided that with respect to any holder of Preferred Shares that is acquiring such Preferred Shares pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, such holder may elect to have the initial Beneficial Ownership Limitation solely with respect to such holder and its Attribution Parties be less than 19.99%, but no less than 4.99%, of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of a holders Preferred Shares, by providing written notice to the Company of such election prior to the Closing (as such term is defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement). Following issuance of Preferred Shares, the holder of such Preferred Shares, upon written notice to the Company, may decrease (and thereafter increase) the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section (2)(a) solely with respect to such holder and its Attribution Parties, provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 19.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock upon conversion of Preferred Shares held by such holder and the provisions of this Section (2)(a)shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such written notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section (2)(a) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, following receipt by the Company of the Stockholder Approval (as such term is defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), a holder of Preferred Shares may, by written notice to the Company, elect for the Beneficial Ownership Limitation and the Exchange Cap to no longer apply to the conversion of such holders Preferred Shares or for any other purposes relating to this Certificate of Designations, which will not be effective until the 61st day after such written notice is delivered to the Company.

(b) Conversion Rate. The number of Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of each of the Preferred Shares pursuant to Section (2)(a) shall be determined according to the following formula (the Conversion Rate):

Liquidation Preference

Conversion Price

For purposes of this Certificate of Designations, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(i) Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 144 (Rule 144) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act). Any investment fund or managed account that is managed on a discretionary basis by the same investment manager as a holder will be deemed to be an Affiliate of the holder.

(ii) Approved Stock Plan shall mean any employee benefit plan that has been approved by the Board of Directors and the shareholders of the Company (either prior to or following the date of this Certificate of Designations), pursuant to which the Companys securities may be issued to any consultant, employee, officer or director for services provided to the Company.

(iii) Conversion Notice means the form of Conversion Notice attached hereto as Exhibit I.

(iv) Conversion Price means, on a per share basis, as of any Conversion Date (as defined below) or other date of determination, an amount equal to $2.15, subject to adjustment as provided herein.

(v) Conversion Shares means shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Preferred Shares.

(vi) Convertible Security means any stock or securities (other than Options) directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of any class of Common Stock.

(vii) EBITDA means, with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, net income for such period, adjusted as follows: (a) subtract: (i) income or add back loss from discontinued operations, to the extent already included in net income, and (ii) extraordinary, non-recurring, or unusual gains; and (b) add back, without duplication and to the extent deducted in determining net income for such period, the sum of: (i) interest expense, (ii) income tax expense, (iii) depreciation and amortization expense, (iv) non-cash stock-based compensation charges, and (v) non-recurring extraordinary charges or expenses as determined by the Lead Investor in good faith and its reasonable discretion. EBITDA shall also include the Companys pro rata share of EBITDA of each unconsolidated joint venture and Subsidiary in which such the Company or its Subsidiaries hold an interest.

(viii) Effective Date means February [], 2025.

(ix) Fundamental Transaction means any event or series of events in which (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination)

(x) Issuance Date means, with respect to each Preferred Share, the date of issuance of such Preferred Share.

(xi) Lead Investor means North Run Strategic Opportunities Fund I, LP.

(xii) Liquidation Preference means, with respect to each Preferred Share, the Stated Value plus an amount per share equal to any dividends (if any) accrued and unpaid through the date of determination of the amount of the Liquidation Preference, including, if applicable, any Make Whole Payment.

(xiii) Options means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of any class of Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(xiv) Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization or a government or any department or agency thereof or any other legal entity.

(xv) Principal Market means, with respect to the Class A Common Stock, The Nasdaq Capital Market; provided that, (A) if the Class A Common Stock is listed on any of the NYSE American, The New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Market, or the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Capital Market (or a successor to any of the foregoing) (each, a National Exchange), then Principal Market with respect to the Class A Common Stock shall mean such National Exchange, and (B) if the Class A Common Stock ceases to be listed or quoted on any National Exchange, then Principal Market with respect to the Class A Common Stock shall mean the principal securities exchange or trading market for the Class A Common Stock; and with respect to any other security, Principal Market shall mean the principal securities exchange or trading market for such security.

(xvi) Registration Rights Agreement means that certain Registration Rights Agreement between the Company and the purchasers of Preferred Shares, as the same may be amended, restated, modified or supplemented and in effect from time to time.

(xvii) Securities means, collectively, the Preferred Shares and the Conversion Shares.

(xviii) Securities Purchase Agreement means that certain Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and the purchasers of Preferred Shares, as the same may be amended, restated, modified or supplemented and in effect from time to time.

(xix) Stated Value means One Thousand Dollars ($1,000).

(xx) Subsidiary means any entity in which the Company, directly or indirectly, owns a majority or more of the outstanding capital stock, equity or similar interests or voting power of such entity, whether directly or through any other Subsidiary.

(xxi) Trading Day means any day on which the Principal Market is open for trading.

(xxii) VWAP means, for any security as of any date, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Class A Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a National Exchange, the daily volume weighted average price of the Class A Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the National Exchange on which the Class A Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a National Exchange, the volume weighted average price of the Class A Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Class A Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Class A Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Class A Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Class A Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

(c) Adjustment to Conversion Price. In order to prevent dilution of the rights granted under this Certificate of Designations, the Conversion Price will be subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in this Section (2)(c).

(i) Stock Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Company, at any time after the Issuance Date: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Class A Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Class A Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Conversion Shares issued by the Company upon conversion of Preferred Shares), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Class A Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon the conversion of the Preferred Shares shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Conversion Price of the Preferred Shares shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section (2)(c)(i) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date of the applicable event in the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification. 

(ii) Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section (2)(c)(i) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the holders of Preferred Shares will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which each such holder could have acquired if such holder had held the number of shares of Class A Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of such holders Preferred Shares (without regard to any limitations on exercise thereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the Exchange Cap) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that to the extent that the holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the Exchange Cap, then the holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for such holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the Exchange Cap).

(iii) Certain Events. If any event occurs of the type contemplated by the provisions of Sections (2)(c)(i) and (2)(c)(ii) but not expressly provided for by such provisions, then the Companys Board of Directors will make an appropriate adjustment to the Conversion Price so as to protect the rights of the holders of the Preferred Shares; provided, however, that no such adjustment will increase the Conversion Price as otherwise determined pursuant to this Section (2)(c).

(iv) Notices.

(A) Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section (2)(c), the Company shall promptly deliver to each holder of Preferred Stock by email a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

(B) If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be filed at each office or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of the Preferred Shares, and shall cause to be delivered by email to each Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the stock books of the Company, at least ten (10) Trading Days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice.. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert the Conversion Amount of the Preferred Shares (or any part hereof) during the 10-Trading Day period commencing on the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

(d) Mechanics of Conversion.

(i) Delivery of Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. The date on which a conversion shall be deemed effective (the Conversion Date) shall be the earlier of (x) the Mandatory Conversion Date and (y) the Trading Day that the Conversion Notice, completed and executed, is sent via email to, and received during regular business hours prior to 5:00 pm Eastern Time by, the Company, provided, that the original certificate(s) (if any) representing the Preferred Shares being converted, duly endorsed, and the accompanying Notice of Conversion, are received by the Company by the Share Delivery Date (as defined below). Not later than the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) after each Conversion Date (the Share Delivery Date), the Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the converting holder (A) the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of the Preferred Shares, which Conversion Shares shall be free of restrictive legends and trading restrictions except for any legends and restrictions that may be required by applicable law to the extent the holder is an Affiliate of the Company, and (B) a bank check in the amount of declared and unpaid dividends. The Company shall deliver the Conversion Shares electronically through The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Conversion Shares to or resale of the Conversion Shares by the Holder or (B) the Conversion Shares are eligible for resale by the holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144, and otherwise by either delivery of a book-entry statement or physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the holder or its designee. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Class A Common Stock as in effect on the Conversion Date.

(ii) Failure to Deliver Conversion Shares. If, in the case of any Conversion Notice, such Conversion Shares are not delivered to or as directed by the applicable holder by the Share Delivery Date, the holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to the Company at any time on or before its receipt of such Conversion Shares, to rescind such Conversion, in which event the Company shall promptly return to the holder any original certificate for Preferred Shares delivered to the Company and the holder shall promptly return to the Company the Conversion Shares issued to such holder pursuant to the rescinded Conversion Notice.

(iii) Obligation Absolute. The Companys obligation to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion of Preferred Shares in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by a holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by such holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law by such holder or any other Person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company to such holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a waiver by the Company of any such action that the Company may have against such holder. In the event a holder shall elect to convert any or all of the Stated Value of its Preferred Shares, the Company may not refuse conversion based on any claim that such holder or anyone associated or affiliated with such holder has been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless an injunction from a court, on notice to holder, restraining and/or enjoining conversion of all or part of the Preferred Shares of such holder shall have been sought and obtained, and the Company posts a surety bond for the benefit of such holder in the amount of 150% of the Stated Value of Preferred Shares which are subject to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to such holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence of such injunction, the Company shall issue Conversion Shares and, if applicable, cash, upon a properly noticed conversion. If the Company fails to deliver to a holder such Conversion Shares pursuant to Section (2)(d)(i) on the Share Delivery Date applicable to such conversion, the Company shall pay to such Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Stated Value of the Preferred Shares being converted, $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after the Share Delivery Date until such Conversion Shares are delivered or holder rescinds such conversion. Nothing herein shall limit a holders right to pursue actual damages for the Companys failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and such holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit a holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law.

(iv) Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available to a holder, if the Company fails for any reason to deliver to a holder the applicable Conversion Shares by the Share Delivery Date pursuant to Section (2)(d)(i), and if after such Share Delivery Date such holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise), or the holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Class A Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such holder of the Conversion Shares which such Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating to such Share Delivery Date (a Buy-In), then the Section (2)(d)(i)shall (A) pay in cash to such holder (in addition to any other remedies available to or elected by such holder) the amount, if any, by which (x) such holders total purchase price (including any brokerage commissions) for the Class A Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock that such holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B) at the option of such holder, either reissue (if surrendered) the Preferred Shares equal to the number of Preferred Shares submitted for conversion (in which case, such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to such holder the number of shares of Class A Common Stock that would have been issued if the Company had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section (2)(d)(i). For example, if a holder purchases shares of Class A Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted conversion of Preferred Shares with respect to which the actual sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required to pay such holder $1,000. The holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to such holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Conversion Shares upon conversion of the Preferred Shares as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

(v) Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company covenants that it will at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Class A Common Stock for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of the Preferred Shares as herein provided, free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the holders of Preferred Shares, not less than such aggregate number of shares of the Class A Common Stock as shall (subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement) be issuable (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions as provided for herein) upon the conversion of the then outstanding Preferred Shares. The Company covenants that all shares of Class A Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

(vi) Fractional Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of the Preferred Shares. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Company shall at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Conversion Price or round up to the next whole share.

(vii) Transfer Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of Conversion Shares on conversion of the Preferred Shares shall be made without charge to any holder for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such Conversion Shares, provided that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any such Conversion Shares upon conversion in a name other than that of the holders of such Preferred Shares and the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares unless or until the Person or Persons requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Company the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Company that such tax has been paid. The Company shall pay all transfer agent fees required for same-day processing of any Conversion Notice and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares.

(3) Reissuance of Certificates. In the event of a conversion pursuant to this Certificate of Designations of less than all of the Preferred Shares represented by a particular Preferred Stock Certificate, the Company shall promptly cause to be issued and delivered to the holder of such Preferred Shares a stock certificate representing the remaining Preferred Shares which have not been so converted.

(4) Voting Rights. The holders of Preferred Shares shall be entitled to notice of all stockholder meetings at which holders of Class A Common Stock shall be entitled to vote. Each holder of Preferred Shares shall be entitled to vote such Preferred Shares on an as-converted basis (based upon the aggregate number of Conversion Shares into which such holders Preferred Shares are then convertible, giving effect to any limitations on conversion set forth in Section 2(a) above) with respect to all matters on which holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to vote, voting together with the Class A Common Stock as a single class, and shall otherwise be entitled to such voting rights as required by applicable law.

(5) Redemption.

(a) Optional Redemption

(i) At any time after the Guaranteed Term, each of the Company and the Lead Investor shall have the right, but solely in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5, to require the Company to redeem Preferred Shares at a price per Preferred Share (the Optional Redemption Price) equal to the greater of (i) 150% of the Liquidation Preference as of the applicable Option Redemption Date (the Liquidation Preference Optional Redemption Price or LPORP) and (ii) the product of (A) the Conversion Rate on the applicable Option Redemption Date multiplied by (B) the VWAP of the Class A Common Stock for the five (5) Trading Day period immediately preceding the Optional Redemption Date (the As Converted Optional Redemption Price or ACORP). In the event that the ACORP is greater than the LPORP, the Company shall only be required to redeem a number of Preferred Shares equal to the number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding as of the Optional Redemption Date multiplied by the ratio of (a) the LPORP, divided by (b) the ACORP. Any shares of Preferred Stock not redeemed in response to an Optional Redemption Notice shall remain outstanding as Preferred Shares (Retained Preferred Shares). Following any optional redemption that results in the retention by holders of Retained Preferred Shares, the Company shall have the right, from time to time upon ten (10) Trading Days written notice, to cause the conversion of such Retained Preferred Shares into Conversion Shares in accordance with Section 2(a) above, provided that the Company may not request the conversion of Retained Preferred Shares to the extent the aggregate Liquidation Preference of such Retained Preferred Shares exceeds the product of (x) the VWAP of the Class A Common Stock for the thirty (30) Trading Day period immediately preceding the delivery of such conversion notice multiplied by (y) 20% of the trailing 30-day average daily trading volume of Class A Common Stock during such thirty (30) Trading Day period as reported by Bloomberg, multiplied by (z) thirty (30). In the event that the limitation on conversion contained in the foregoing sentence applies to any such conversion request by the Company, then, with respect to any Retained Preferred Shares not converted, the Company shall have the right from time to time to request the conversion of remaining Retained Preferred Shares beginning on the six (6) months anniversary of the initial conversion request, subject to the same limitation set forth in the foregoing sentence.

(ii) On the date the redemption right is exercised pursuant to this Section 5 (the Optional Redemption Date), the Lead Investor or the Company, as applicable, shall deliver written notice via electronic mail (an OptionalRedemption Notice) to the Company or the Lead Investor, respectively. The Optional Redemption Notice shall state (i) the number of Preferred Shares then outstanding, (ii) the applicable Optional Redemption Price, and (iii) if applicable, the number of Retained Preferred Shares.

(iii) Upon the delivery of an Optional Redemption Notice, the Company shall promptly but in no event later than two Business Days, notify each such holder by electronic mail of the receipt of such Optional Redemption Notice and each holder shall promptly submit, if requested by the Company, to the Company or its Transfer Agent such holders Preferred Share Certificates, if any. Subject always to applicable law, the Company shall deliver the relevant Optional Redemption Price to such holder within thirty (30) calendar days of the Optional Redemption Date, provided that, if requested by the Company, a holders Preferred Share Certificates shall have been so delivered to the Company; provided further that if the Company is unable to redeem all of the Preferred Shares to be redeemed, the Company shall redeem an amount from each holder of Preferred Shares being redeemed equal to such holders pro-rata amount (based on the number of Preferred Shares held by such holder relative to the number of Preferred Shares outstanding) of all Preferred Shares being redeemed. To the extent that the Company exercises its redemption right pursuant to Section 5(a)(i), any holder of Preferred Shares may, by written notice to the Company delivered within ten (10) calendar days after receiving the Optional Redemption Notice, elect to convert its Preferred Shares into Conversion Shares pursuant to Section 2(a)(i), in which case such holder shall not be entitled to receive any Optional Redemption Price with respect to such converted Preferred Shares. To the extent that the Lead Investor exercises its redemption right pursuant to Section 5(a)(i), the Company may, by written notice to the Lead Investor delivered within ten (10) calendar days after receiving the Optional Redemption Notice, elect to convert all outstanding Preferred Shares into Conversion Shares pursuant to Section 2(a)(ii) if both of conditions (x) and (y) set forth in Section 2(a)(ii) have been satisfied as of the applicable Optional Redemption Date, in which case the holders shall not be entitled to receive any Optional Redemption Price with respect to such converted Preferred Shares.

(iv) If the Company shall fail to redeem all of the Preferred Shares submitted for redemption, in addition to any remedy such holder of Preferred Shares may have under this Certificate of Designations, the Securities Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, the applicable Optional Redemption Price payable in respect of such unredeemed Preferred Shares shall bear interest at the rate of 1.5% per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full. In the event that the Company fails to pay such unpaid applicable Optional Redemption Price in full to a holder of Preferred Shares within ten (10) Business Days of the Optional Redemption Date following delivery of an Optional Redemption Notice, such holder shall have the option to, in lieu of redemption, require the Company to promptly return the holder(s) to the same position it would otherwise had in respect of the Preferred Shares that were subject to redemption under this Section 5 and for which the applicable Optional Redemption Price has not been paid, by sending written notice thereof to the Company via electronic mail (the Void Optional Redemption Notice). Upon the Companys receipt of such Void Optional Redemption Notice(s) prior to payment of the full applicable Optional Redemption Price to such holder, (i) the Optional Redemption Notice shall be null and void with respect to those Preferred Shares subject to redemption and for which the applicable Optional Redemption Price has not been paid, (ii) the Company shall immediately return any Preferred Share Certificates submitted to the Company by each holder for redemption under this Section 5 and for which the applicable Optional Redemption Price has not been paid and (iii) the Conversion Price of such returned Preferred Shares shall be adjusted to the lesser of (A) the Conversion Price as in effect on the date on which the Void Optional Redemption Notice(s) is delivered to the Company and (B) the lowest VWAP for the Class A Common Stock during the period beginning on the date on which the Optional Redemption Notice was delivered to the Company and ending on the date on which the Void Optional Redemption Notice(s) was delivered to the Company; provided that no adjustment shall be made if such adjustment would result in an increase of the Conversion Price then in effect. A holders delivery of a Void Optional Redemption Notice and exercise of its rights following such notice shall not affect the Companys obligations to make any payments which have accrued prior to the date of such notice.

(b) Mandatory Redemption upon Fundamental Transaction

(i) In addition to all other rights of the holders of Preferred Shares contained herein, simultaneous with or after the occurrence of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company shall be obligated to redeem all outstanding Preferred Shares at a price per Preferred Share equal to the greater of (i) the applicable Liquidation Preference, and (ii) the product of (A) the Conversion Rate at such time, multiplied by (B) either (x) in the event of a Fundamental Transaction in which all of the outstanding shares are exchanged for, or converted into the right to receive, consideration consisting solely of cash, then the consideration per share of Common Stock payable in such Fundamental Transaction, or (y) otherwise, the VWAP on the date immediately preceding the closing of the Fundamental Transaction (the Fundamental Transaction Redemption Price).

(ii) No later than 20 days prior to the consummation of a Fundamental Transaction, but not prior to the public announcement of such Fundamental Transaction, the Company shall deliver written notice thereof via electronic mail and overnight courier (a Notice of Fundamental Transaction) to each holder of Preferred Shares, including the applicable Fundamental Transaction Redemption Price, as calculated pursuant to Section (5)(a). Prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, the Company shall make arrangements (which may include obtaining a written agreement from the acquiring entity, as applicable, that payment of the Fundamental Transaction Redemption Price shall be made to the holder upon the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction) satisfactory to the holder, as determined by the holder in its sole discretion, that the Fundamental Transaction Redemption Price will be paid, in full, to the holder prior to or concurrently with the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction. The Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that each such holder shall have the right to apply for an injunction in any state or federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware to prevent the closing of the Fundamental Transaction unless and until such arrangements satisfactory to the holder have been made.

(iii) The Company shall deliver the applicable Fundamental Transaction Redemption Price prior to or concurrently with the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction; provided that if the Company is unable to redeem all of the Preferred Shares to be redeemed, the Company shall redeem an amount from each holder of Preferred Shares being redeemed equal to such holders pro-rata amount (based on the number of Preferred Shares held by such holder relative to the number of Preferred Shares outstanding) of all Preferred Shares being redeemed. If the Company shall fail to redeem all of the Preferred Shares, in addition to any remedy such holder of Preferred Shares may have under this Certificate of Designation, the Securities Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, the applicable Fundamental Transaction Redemption Price payable in respect of such unredeemed Preferred Shares shall bear interest at the rate of 1.25% per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full.

(c) Redemption Price Payable Out of Cash Legally Available therefor; Priority of Payment. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any redemption of Preferred Shares pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designations (any such redemption, a Redemption) shall be payable out of any cash legally available therefor. At the time of any Redemption, the Company shall take all actions required or permitted under Delaware law to permit the Redemption and to make funds legally available for such Redemption. To the extent that the Company has insufficient funds to redeem all of the Preferred Shares subject to such Redemption upon the date of such Redemption, the Company shall, to the extent it is legally permissible to do so, (i) use available funds to redeem a pro rata portion of each holders Preferred Shares subject to such Redemption; and (ii) use its reasonable best efforts to undertake an equity and/or debt offering for the purpose of using the proceeds from such offering to fund the Redemption. Any payments provided for in this Certificate of Designations in connection with a Redemption shall have priority to payments to holders of Common Stock or any other class of capital stock of the Company (other than the holders of Preferred Shares) in connection with a Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall not (and shall cause the acquiring entity in a Fundamental Transaction to not) make any payment to any holder of Common Stock or any other class of capital stock of the Company (other than the holders of Preferred Shares) unless and until the Company (or such acquiring entity, as applicable) has satisfied all of the Companys obligations hereunder with respect to any Redemption required to be made pursuant to this Certificate of Designations.

(6) Liquidation, Dissolution, Winding-Up. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of the Preferred Shares shall be entitled to receive in cash out of the assets of the Company, whether from capital or from earnings available for distribution to its stockholders, before any amount shall be paid to the holders of any of the capital stock of the Company of any class junior in rank to the Preferred Shares in respect of the preferences as to the distributions and payments on the liquidation, dissolution and winding up of the Company, an amount per Preferred Share equal to the greater of (i) the Liquidation Preference, or (b) such amount per share as would have been payable had all Preferred Shares been converted into Class A Common Stock immediately prior to such liquidation, dissolution or winding up (collectively, the Preferred Funds); provided that, if the Preferred Funds are insufficient to pay the full amount due to the holders of Preferred Shares and holders of Pari Passu Shares, then each holder of Preferred Shares and Pari Passu Shares shall receive a percentage of the Preferred Funds equal to the full amount of Preferred Funds payable to such holder as a liquidation preference, in accordance with their respective Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights, as a percentage of the full amount of Preferred Funds payable to all holders of Preferred Shares and Pari Passu Shares.

(7) Preferred Rank; Participation. All Preferred Shares rank senior to the Common Stock in respect to the preferences provided for herein as to distributions and payments upon the liquidation, dissolution and winding up of the Company. The rights of the shares of Common Stock shall be subject to the preferences and relative rights of the Preferred Shares as provided for herein. So long as any of the Preferred Shares remain outstanding, without the prior express written consent of the Lead Investor (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), the Company shall not authorize or issue additional or other capital stock that is of rank senior to or pari passu with the Preferred Shares in respect of the preferences as to dividends or distributions or payments upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company.

(8) Protective Provisions. So long as any Preferred Shares remain outstanding, the Company shall not, either directly or indirectly, amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Corporation in a manner that is disproportionality materially adverse to the holders of Preferred Shares, and any such act entered into shall be null and void ab initio, and of no force or effect.

(9) Vote to Change the Terms of or Issue Preferred Shares; Amendment. In addition to any other rights provided by law, except where the vote or written consent of the holders of a greater number of shares is required by law or by another provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, without first obtaining the affirmative vote at a meeting duly called for such purpose or the written consent without a meeting of the holders of a majority of the outstanding Preferred Shares, the Company shall not effect (a) any change to this Certificate of Designations or the Companys Certificate of Incorporation that would amend, alter, change, repeal or otherwise affect any of the powers, designations, preferences and rights of the Preferred Shares, or (b) any issuance of Preferred Shares other than pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(10) Lost or Stolen Certificates. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of any Preferred Stock Certificates representing the Preferred Shares, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of an indemnification undertaking by the holder to the Company and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of the Preferred Stock Certificate(s), the Company shall execute and deliver new preferred stock certificate(s) of like tenor and date; provided, however, the Company shall not be obligated to re-issue preferred stock certificates if the holder contemporaneously requests the Company to convert the Preferred Shares represented thereby into shares of Class A Common Stock.

(11) Remedies, Characterizations, Other Obligations, Breaches and Injunctive Relief. The remedies provided in this Certificate of Designations shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Certificate of Designations, at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), no remedy contained herein shall be deemed a waiver of compliance with the provisions giving rise to such remedy and nothing herein shall limit a holders right to pursue actual damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Certificate of Designations. The Company covenants to each holder of Preferred Shares that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly described herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the holder thereof and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder may cause irreparable harm to the holders of the Preferred Shares by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated by this Certificate of Designations and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Certificate of Designations, the holders of the Preferred Shares shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to seek an injunctive order and/or injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate compliance, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

(12) Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company or any of the Subsidiaries makes a payment or payments to the holders of Preferred Shares hereunder or such holders enforce or exercise their rights hereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company or such Subsidiary, by a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

(13) Noncircumvention. The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation, Second Amended and Restated Bylaws or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Certificate of Designations, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Certificate of Designations and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the holders of Preferred Shares hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing or any other provision of this Certificate of Designations or the other Transaction Documents, the Company (a) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Class A Common Stock receivable upon the conversion of any Preferred Shares above the Conversion Price then in effect, (b) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Class A Common Stock upon the conversion of Preferred Shares and (c) shall, so long as any Preferred Shares are outstanding, take all action necessary to reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Class A Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Preferred Shares, the maximum number of shares of Class A Common Stock as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the conversion of the Preferred Shares then outstanding (without regard to any limitations on conversion contained herein).

(14) Specific Shall Not Limit General; Construction. No specific provision contained in this Certificate of Designations shall limit or modify any more general provision contained herein. This Certificate of Designations shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and all holders of Preferred Shares and shall not be construed against any person as the drafter hereof.

(15) Status of Converted or Redeemed Series G Preferred Stock. Preferred Shares may only be issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement. If any Preferred Shares shall be converted, redeemed or reacquired by the Company, such shares shall resume the status of authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock and shall no longer be designated as Series G Convertible Preferred Stock.

(16) Jurisdiction; Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Certificate of Designations shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware and any state appellate court therefrom sitting in New Castle County in the State of Delaware (or, if the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware declines to accept jurisdiction over a particular matter, any state or federal court within the State of Delaware), for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it in the Securities Purchase Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS.

(17) Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of a holder of Preferred Shares in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege.

(18) Notice. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided to the Company hereunder, including, without limitation, any Conversion Notice, shall be in writing and delivered personally, via email or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to LightPath Technologies, Inc., at 2603 Challenger Tech Court, Suite 100, Orlando, FL 32826, Attention: Chief Executive Officer, email: srubin@lightpath.com, or such other email address or mailing address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided to a holder hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email at the email address of such holder appearing on the books of the Company, or if no such email address appears on the books of the Company, sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to such holder, at the principal place of business of such holder.

* * * * * *

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Certificate of Designations to be signed by Sam Rubin, its Chief Executive Officer, as of February [], 2025.

LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

By: 

Name: Shmuel Rubin

Title: Chief Executive Officer

EXHIBIT I 

LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

CONVERSION NOTICE

Reference is made to the Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designations). In accordance with and pursuant to the Certificate of Designations, the undersigned hereby elects to convert the number of shares of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock, with a stated value of $1,000 per share (the Preferred Shares), of LightPath Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), indicated below into shares of Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Class ACommon Stock), of the Company, by tendering the stock certificate(s) representing the Preferred Shares specified below as of the date specified below.

Date of Conversion: ____________________________________________________

Number of Preferred Shares to be converted: __________________________________

Stock certificate no(s). of Preferred Shares to be converted: _______________________

Please confirm the following information:

Conversion Price: ______________________________________________________

Number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued: ________________________

Please issue the shares of Class A Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designations as follows:

Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian (DWAC) system; or

Physical Certificate; or

Direct Registration System (DRS)

Issue to:

Address (for delivery of physical certificate or DRS statement, as applicable):

Email Address:

DTC Participant Number and Name (if through DWAC):

Account Number (if through DWAC):

ACKNOWLEDGMENT

The Company hereby acknowledges this Conversion Notice and hereby directs Computershare Trust Company, N.A. to issue the above indicated number of shares of Class A Common Stock in accordance with the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions dated February [], 2025 from the Company and acknowledged and agreed to by Computershare Trust Company, N.A.

LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>lpth_ex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF WARRANT
<TEXT>
lpth_ex41.htm

EXHIBIT 4.1

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY), IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES, IN EACH CASE WITH A PLEDGEE THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.

CLASS A COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

Warrant Shares: [] 

Issue Date: February [], 2025

THIS CLASS A COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [] or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the Issue Date set forth above (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on February [], 20311 (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from LightPath Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to [] shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of the Companys Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Class A Common Stock). The purchase price of one share of Class A Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated February 13, 2025, among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein), in each case, following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise.No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise form is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. For purposes of this Warrant, Trading Day shall mean any day on which the Principal Market is open for trading. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

______________________

1 NTD: To be the six year anniversary of issuance date.

1

b) Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Class A Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $2.58, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c) Cashless Exercise. At any time, at the election of the Holder in its sole discretion, this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B)*(C)] by (A), where:

(A) = 

as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Class A Common Stock on the Principal Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = 

the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(C) = 

the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

Bid Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Class A Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a National Exchange, the bid price of the Class A Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the National Exchange on which the Class A Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a National Exchange, the volume weighted average price of the Class A Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Class A Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Class A Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Class A Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Class A Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

2

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Class A Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a National Exchange, the daily volume weighted average price of the Class A Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the National Exchange on which the Class A Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a National Exchange, the volume weighted average price of the Class A Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Class A Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Class A Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Class A Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Class A Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

If Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to this Section 2(c).

d) Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the transfer agent of the Company (the Transfer Agent) to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by either delivery of a book-entry statement or physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the later of (i) one (1) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be required to cause the applicable Warrant Shares to be transmitted or a certificate or book-entry statement to be physically delivered unless and until the aggregate Exercise Price is received by the Company (other than in the case of a cashless exercise). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by the Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date other than the Companys failure to receive the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise), the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Class A Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Principal Market with respect to the Class A Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

3

ii. Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Class A Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Class A Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Class A Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Class A Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Class A Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Class A Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

4

v. No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

5

e) Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, either (i) the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below), or (ii) the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock issued upon exercise of this Warrant, the exercise of any other Warrants issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, and upon conversion of shares of the Companys Series G Convertible Preferred Stock (Preferred Shares), exceeds 6,055,606 (as adjusted to reflect any share splits, reverse share splits or similar recapitalizations that occur after the Issue Date) (the Exchange Cap). Subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, the Holder shall not be issued in the aggregate, upon the exercise of this Warrant into shares of Common Stock and upon the conversion of any Preferred Shares held by the Holder into Common Stock, an amount greater than the product of the Exchange Cap multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the total amount of shares of Common Stock issuable to the Holder upon exercise of this Warrant and the conversion of the Holders Preferred Shares and the denominator of which is the total amount of shares of Common Stock issuable to all Buyers under the Purchase Agreement (or their respective assignees) upon exercise of all Warrants and the conversion of all Preferred Shares issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (with respect to each Holder, the Exchange Cap Allocation). In the event that the Holder shall sell or otherwise transfer this Warrant, the transferee shall be allocated the Holders Exchange Cap Allocation, and the restrictions of the prior sentence shall apply to such transferee with respect to the Exchange Cap Allocation allocated to such transferee. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Class A Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation and the Exchange Cap, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Class A Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 19.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 19.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation and Exchange Cap herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, following receipt by the Company of the Shareholder Approval, the Holder may, by written notice to the Company, elect for the Beneficial Ownership Limitation and the Exchange Cap to no longer apply to the exercise of this Warrant or for any other purposes relating to this Warrant, which will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company.

6

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Class A Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Class A Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Class A Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Class A Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification.

b) Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock, Convertible Securities, or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Class A Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including, without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the Exchange Cap) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the Exchange Cap, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the Exchange Cap, as applicable).

c) Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) other than a dividend or other distribution of the type described in Section 3(a) above (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Class A Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including, without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the Exchange Cap) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the Exchange Cap, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the Exchange Cap, as applicable).

7

d) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole), directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the same consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Class A Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Successor Entity and the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

e) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

8

f) Notice to Holder.

i. Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, (unless such notice is filed with the Commission, which in such case, no additional notice is required to be provided to the Holder), at least ten (10) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof and to the provisions of Section 2.f of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

9

b) New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issue Date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d) Transfer Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 2.f of the Purchase Agreement.

e) Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting the rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise, and to receive the cash payments contemplated pursuant to Sections 2(d)(i) and 2(d)(iv), in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

10

d) Authorized Shares.

The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Class A Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the National Exchange upon which the Class A Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction; Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f) Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that the right to exercise this Warrant terminates on the Termination Date. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

11

h) Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i) Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

j) Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and the Holder of this Warrant, on the other hand.

m) Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

12

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

13

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: 

LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES, Inc.

(1) The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) Accredited Investor. The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

______________________________________

(Please Print)

Address: 

______________________________________

Phone Number:

Email Address: 

(Please Print)

______________________________________

______________________________________

Dated: _______________ __, ______

Holders Signature:

Holders Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>lpth_ex42.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF NOTE
<TEXT>
lpth_ex42.htm

EXHIBIT 4.2

SENIOR SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY), IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. 

LightPath Technologies, Inc. 

Senior Secured Promissory Note

Issuance Date: February [], 2025 

Original Principal Amount: U.S. $[]

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, LightPath Technologies, Inc. a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby promises to pay to the order of [] or its registered assigns (Holder) the amount set forth above as the original principal amount (as reduced pursuant to the terms hereof pursuant to redemption, conversion, or otherwise, the Principal) when due, whether upon the Maturity Date, or upon acceleration, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof) and to pay interest (Interest) on any outstanding Principal at the applicable Interest Rate (as defined below) from the date set forth above as the Issuance Date (the Issuance Date) or such later date of funding of the Principal (the Funding Date), until the same becomes due and payable, whether upon the Maturity Date or upon acceleration, conversion, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof).

1. PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL. On the Maturity Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing all outstanding Principal and accrued and unpaid Interest. The Company may only prepay any portion of the outstanding Principal, accrued and unpaid Interest in accordance with Section 8.

2. INTEREST; INTEREST RATE.

(a) Interest on this Note shall commence accruing on the Funding Date at the Interest Rate and shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and twelve 30-day months and shall be payable in arrears on the first Business Day of each calendar month (each, an Interest Date) with the first Interest Date being March 3, 2025. Interest shall be payable on each Interest Date, to the Holder of this Note on the applicable Interest Date, in cash.

1

(b) In addition to paying Interest in accordance with Section 2(a) above on each Interest Date, Interest on this Note be payable upon any redemption in accordance with Section 11 or any required payment upon any Bankruptcy Event of Default. From and after the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Interest Rate shall automatically be increased to fifteen percent (15.0%) per annum (the Default Rate). In the event that such Event of Default is subsequently cured or waived in writing in accordance with the terms of this Note (and no other Event of Default then exists, including, without limitation, for the Companys failure to pay such Interest at the Default Rate on the applicable Interest Date), the Default Rate referred to in the preceding sentence shall cease to be effective as of the calendar day immediately following the date of such cure; provided that the Interest as calculated and unpaid at such increased rate during the continuance of such Event of Default shall continue to apply to the extent relating to the days after the occurrence of such Event of Default through and including the date of such cure or waiver of such Event of Default.

3. AUTOMATIC CONVERSION OF NOTES. If, following public announcement of the Companys earnings for the Fiscal Quarter ending December 31, 2025 (which earnings shall be released no later than forty-five (45) days following the end of such Fiscal Quarter) (the Earnings Date), the EBITDA reported by the Company for the calendar year ending December 31, 2025 is less than $4,921,875.00 (the Conversion Condition), then this Note shall, automatically and without the requirement for any further action on the part of the Company, the Holder or Lead Investor, convert into validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Preferred Stock (as defined below), on the terms and conditions set forth in Exhibit I hereto.

4. RIGHTS UPON EVENT OF DEFAULT.

(a) Event of Default. Each of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default and each of the events in clauses (v), (vi) and (vii) shall constitute a Bankruptcy Event of Default:

(i) the Companys or any Subsidiarys failure to pay to the Holder any amount of Principal, Interest, or other amounts when and as due under this Note (including, without limitation, the Companys or any Subsidiarys failure to pay any redemption payments or amounts hereunder) or any Security Document or any other agreement, document, certificate or other instrument delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, except, in the case of a failure to pay Interest when and as due, in which case only if such failure remains uncured for a period of at least five (5) Business Days;

(ii) the occurrence of any default, beyond any applicable grace period, under, redemption of or acceleration prior to maturity of or if any party has the right to accelerate at least an aggregate of $250,000 of Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than with respect to any other Notes issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement (the Other Notes);

(iii) other than as specifically set forth in another clause of this Section 4(a), the Company or any Subsidiary breaches any material representation or warranty, or any covenant or other term or condition of any Security Document, such that such breach results in a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), except, in the case of a breach of a covenant or other term or condition that is curable, only if such breach remains uncured for a period of twenty (20) days after the Company receives notice thereof; provided, however, that if the breach cannot by its nature, or cannot after diligent attempts by the Company, be cured within such twenty (20)-day period, then the Company shall have up to twenty (20) additional days to cure the breach so long as the Company commences the cure within the initial twenty (20)-day period and pursues the cure with reasonable diligence.

2

(iv) any breach or failure in any respect by the Company or any Subsidiary to comply with any provision of Sections 13(a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (h), (k) (but only as to Companys failure to comply with such covenant in relation to its insurance being terminated or lapsing without replacement coverage being in place that satisfies clause (k), with any other claims by the Lender regarding failure comply with clause (k) being subject to Section 4(a)(iii) above), (l), (m), (n), (p), (q) and (r) of this Note;

(v) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Company or any Subsidiary and, if instituted against the Company or any Subsidiary by a third party, shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days of their initiation;

(vi) the commencement by the Company or any Subsidiary of a voluntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or of any other case or proceeding to be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, or the consent by it to the entry of a decree, order, judgment or other similar document in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary in an involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or to the commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency case or proceeding against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief under any applicable federal, state or foreign law, or the consent by it to the filing of such petition or to the appointment of or taking possession by a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Company or any Subsidiary or of any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the execution of a composition of debts, or the occurrence of any other similar federal, state or foreign proceeding, or the admission by it in writing of its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, the taking of corporate action by the Company or any Subsidiary in furtherance of any such action or the taking of any action by any Person to commence a Uniform Commercial Code foreclosure sale or any other similar action under federal, state or foreign law;

(vii) the entry by a court of (i) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary of a voluntary or involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or (ii) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document adjudging the Company or any Subsidiary as bankrupt or insolvent, or approving as properly filed a petition seeking liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary under any applicable federal, state or foreign law or (iii) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document appointing a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Company or any Subsidiary or of any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree, order, judgment or other similar document or any such other decree, order, judgment or other similar document unstayed and in effect for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days;

3

(viii) a final judgment or judgments for the payment of money aggregating in excess of $250,000 are rendered against the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries and which judgments are not, within thirty (30) days after the entry thereof, bonded, discharged, settled or stayed pending appeal, or are not discharged within thirty (30) days after the expiration of such stay; provided, however, any judgment which is covered by insurance or an indemnity from a credit worthy party shall not be included in calculating the $250,000 amount set forth above so long as the Company provides the Lead Investor a written statement from such insurer or indemnity provider (which written statement shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Lead Investor) to the effect that such judgment is covered by insurance or an indemnity and the Company or such Subsidiary (as the case may be) will receive the proceeds of such insurance or indemnity within thirty (30) days of the issuance of such judgment;

(ix) a false or inaccurate certification (including a false or inaccurate deemed certification) by the Company as to whether any Event of Default has occurred;

(x) any Material Adverse Effect occurs;

(xi) there shall occur a cessation of a substantial part of the business of the Company or its Subsidiaries for a period that materially adversely affects the Company and its Subsidiaries (as a consolidated enterprise) capacity to continue their business on a profitable basis; or the Company or any of its material Subsidiaries shall suffer the loss or revocation of any material license or permit now held or hereafter acquired that is necessary to the continued or lawful operation of its business; or any of the Company or its Subsidiaries shall be enjoined, restrained or in any other way prevented by a court, governmental or administration order from conducting all or any material part of its business;

(xii) (a) an ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under Title IV of ERISA to the Pension Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount in excess of $250,000, or (b) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount in excess of $100,000.

4

(xiii) any material provision of this Note or any Security Document shall at any time for any reason (other than pursuant to the express terms thereof) cease to be valid and binding on or enforceable against the Company or any Subsidiary, or the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested by the Company or any Subsidiary, or a proceeding shall be commenced by the Company or any Subsidiary or any governmental authority having jurisdiction over any of them, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or the Company or any Subsidiary shall deny in writing that it has any liability or obligation purported to be created under this Note or any Security Documents;

(xiv) the Companys (A) failure to cure a Conversion Failure by delivery of the required number of shares of Preferred Stock within ten (10) Trading Days after the applicable Conversion Date or exercise date (as the case may be) or (B) notice, written or oral, to any holder of the Notes, including, without limitation, by way of public announcement or through any of its agents, at any time, of its intention not to comply, as required, with a request for conversion of any Notes into shares of Preferred Stock that is requested in accordance with the provisions of the Notes;

(xv) except to the extent the Company is in compliance with Section 10 below, at any time following the tenth (10th) consecutive calendar day that the Holders Authorized Share Allocation (as defined in Section 10 below) is less than the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of Preferred Stock that the Holder would be entitled to receive upon a conversion in full of this Note pursuant to Exhibit I (without regard to any limitations on conversion);

(xvi) the Company fails to remove any restrictive legend on any certificate or any shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion or exercise (as the case may be) of any Securities (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) acquired by the Holder under the Securities Purchase Agreement (including this Note) as and when required by such Securities or the Securities Purchase Agreement, unless otherwise then prohibited by applicable federal securities laws, and any such failure remains uncured for at least five (5) Trading Days;

(xvii) any material Event of Default (as defined in the Other Notes) occurs with respect to any Other Notes.

(b) Notice of an Event of Default; Redemption Right. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default with respect to this Note or any Other Note, the Company shall, within one (1) Business Day of becoming aware of any Event of Default occurring, deliver written notice thereof via electronic mail and overnight courier (with next day delivery specified) (an Event of Default Notice) to the Lead Investor. At any time after the earlier of the Lead Investors receipt of an Event of Default Notice and the Lead Investor becoming aware of an Event of Default, following any applicable cure period, the Lead Investor may require the Company to redeem all or any portion of this Note and the Other Notes (on a pro rata basis) by delivering written notice thereof (the Event of Default Redemption Notice) to the Company, which Event of Default Redemption Notice shall indicate the portion of this Note the Lead Investor is electing to redeem, and the Holder of this Note shall be irrevocably bound by such election by the Lead Investor. Each portion of this Note subject to redemption by the Company pursuant to this Section 4(b) shall be redeemed by the Company at a price equal to the Redemption Amount. Redemptions required by this Section 4(b) shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Section 11. To the extent redemptions required by this Section 4(b) are deemed or determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be prepayments of this Note by the Company, such redemptions shall be deemed to be voluntary prepayments. In the event of the Companys redemption of any portion of this Note under this Section 4(b), the Holders damages would be uncertain and difficult to estimate because of the parties inability to predict future interest rates and the uncertainty of the availability of a suitable substitute investment opportunity for the Holder. Accordingly, any Redemption Amount due under this Section 4(b) is intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed, a reasonable estimate of the Holders actual loss of its investment opportunity and not as a penalty. Any redemption upon an Event of Default shall not constitute an election of remedies by the Holder, and all other rights and remedies of the Holder shall be preserved.

5

(c) Mandatory Redemption upon Bankruptcy Event of Default. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, and notwithstanding any conversion that is then required or in process, upon any Bankruptcy Event of Default, whether occurring prior to or following the Maturity Date, the Company shall immediately pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing all outstanding Principal and accrued and unpaid Interest, in addition to any and all other amounts due hereunder, without the requirement for any notice or demand or other action by the Holder or any other person or entity, provided that the Lead Investor may, in its sole discretion and on behalf of all Holders, waive such right to receive payment upon a Bankruptcy Event of Default, in whole or in part, and any such waiver shall not affect any other rights of the Holder hereunder, including any other rights in respect of such Bankruptcy Event of Default and any right to payment of any applicable Redemption Amount.

5. RIGHTS UPON FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTION.

(a) Assumption. The Company shall not enter into or be party to a Fundamental Transaction unless (i) the Successor Entity assumes in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Note and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5(a) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance satisfactory to the Lead Investor and approved by the Lead Investor prior to such Fundamental Transaction, including agreements to deliver to each holder of Notes in exchange for such Notes a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to the Notes, including, without limitation, having a principal amount and interest rate equal to the principal amounts then outstanding and the interest rates of the Notes held by such holder, having similar conversion rights as the Notes (including the conversion right as set forth in this Note continuing to be attributable Companys EBITDA for the calendar year ending December 31, 2025) and having similar ranking and security to the Notes, and satisfactory to the Lead Investor and (ii) the Successor Entity (including its Parent Entity) is a publicly traded corporation whose common stock is quoted on or listed for trading on a National Exchange. Upon the occurrence of any Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Note and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Note and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein. Upon consummation of a Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall deliver to the Lead Investor confirmation that there shall be issued upon conversion or redemption of this Note at any time after the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, in lieu of the shares of Preferred Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property) issuable upon the conversion or redemption of the Notes prior to such Fundamental Transaction, such shares of the preferred stock (or their equivalent) of the Successor Entity (including its Parent Entity) which the Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the happening of such Fundamental Transaction had this Note been converted immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Note), as adjusted in accordance with the provisions of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Lead Investor may elect, at its sole option and on behalf of the Holders of this Note and the Other Notes, by delivery of written notice to the Company to waive this Section 5(a) to permit the Fundamental Transaction without the assumption of this Note. The provisions of this Section 5 shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental Transactions and shall be applied without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Note.

6

(b) Notice of a Change of Control; Redemption Right. No sooner than twenty (20) Trading Days nor later than ten (10) Trading Days prior to the consummation of a Change of Control (the Change of Control Date), but not prior to the public announcement of such Change of Control, the Company shall deliver written notice thereof via electronic mail and overnight courier to the Lead Investor (a Change of Control Notice). At any time during the period beginning after the Lead Investors receipt of a Change of Control Notice or the Lead Investor becoming aware of a Change of Control if a Change of Control Notice is not delivered to the Lead Investor in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence (as applicable) and ending on twenty (20) Trading Days after the later of (A) the date of consummation of such Change of Control or (B) the date of receipt of such Change of Control Notice or (C) the date of the announcement of such Change of Control, the Lead Investor may require the Company to redeem all or any portion of this Note and the Other Notes (on a pro rata basis) by delivering written notice thereof (Change of Control Redemption Notice) to the Company, which Change of Control Redemption Notice shall indicate the Redemption Amount the Lead Investor is electing to redeem, and the Holder of this Note shall be irrevocably bound by such election by the Lead Investor. The portion of this Note subject to redemption pursuant to this Section 5 shall be redeemed by the Company in cash at a price equal to the Redemption Amount. Redemptions required by this Section 5 shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Section 11 and shall have priority to payments to stockholders in connection with such Change of Control. To the extent redemptions required by this Section 5(b) are deemed or determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be prepayments of this Note by the Company, such redemptions shall be deemed to be voluntary prepayments. In the event of the Companys redemption of any portion of this Note under this Section 5(b), the Holders damages would be uncertain and difficult to estimate because of the parties inability to predict future interest rates and the uncertainty of the availability of a suitable substitute investment opportunity for the Holder. Accordingly, any redemption amount due under this Section 5(b) is intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed, a reasonable estimate of the Holders actual loss of its investment opportunity and not as a penalty.

7

6. FEES. For and in consideration of the Holder making the loan evidenced by this Note, on the Closing Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder a closing fee equal to 2.0% of the original principal amount of this Note, which fee shall be fully paid up and earned at the time of payment (the Closing Fee). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Closing Fee shall only be payable with respect to new funds advanced to the Company, and shall not be payable with respect to any conversion or exchange of existing Indebtedness in connection with the issuance of this Note.

7. ADJUSTMENT.

(a) Adjustment of Conversion Price upon Subdivision or Combination. If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction) the Preferred Stock into a greater number of shares, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced. If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date combines (by any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction) the Preferred Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased. Any adjustment pursuant to this Section 7(a) shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision or combination. If any event requiring an adjustment under this Section 7(a) occurs during the period that a Conversion Price is calculated hereunder, then the calculation of such Conversion Price shall be adjusted appropriately to reflect such event.

(b) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 7 shall be made by rounding to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/1000th of a share, as applicable. The number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding at any given time shall not include shares owned or held by or for the account of the Company, and the disposition of any such shares shall be considered an issue or sale of Preferred Stock.

8. REDEMPTIONS AT THE COMPANYS ELECTION.

(a) Company Optional Redemption. At any time, the Company shall have the right to redeem all, or any part, of the Redemption Amount then remaining under this Note (each, a Company Optional Redemption Amount) on the Company Optional Redemption Date (each as defined below) (each, a Company Optional Redemption). The portion of this Note subject to redemption pursuant to this Section 8(a) shall be redeemed by the Company in cash at a price equal to the Redemption Amount with respect to the amount of Principal and accrued and unpaid Interest thereon being redeemed as of the Company Optional Redemption Date, provided that if the Company Optional Redemption Date is within two (2) years following the issuance date and the funds used for such redemption were not generated internally by the Companys operations, the applicable Redemption Amount shall be multiplied by 102%. The Company may exercise its right to require redemption under this Section 8(a) by delivering a written notice thereof by electronic mail and overnight courier to all, but not less than all, of the holders of Notes (each, a Company Optional Redemption Notice and such date all of the holders of Notes received such notice is referred to as a Company Optional Redemption Notice Date). The Company may deliver only one Company Optional Redemption Notice hereunder in any twenty (20) Trading Day period and each such Company Optional Redemption Notice shall be irrevocable. The Company Optional Redemption Notice shall (x) state the date on which the Company Optional Redemption shall occur (each, a Company Optional Redemption Date) which date shall not be less than ten (10) Trading Days nor more than twenty (20) Trading Days following the Company Optional Redemption Notice Date, and (y) state the aggregate Redemption Amount of the Notes which is being redeemed in such Company Optional Redemption from the Holder and all of the other holders of the Notes pursuant to this Section 8(a) (and analogous provisions under the Other Notes) on the Company Optional Redemption Date. Redemptions made pursuant to this Section 8(a) shall be made in accordance with Section 11. In the event of the Companys redemption of any portion of this Note under this Section 8(a), the Holders damages would be uncertain and difficult to estimate because of the parties inability to predict future interest rates and the uncertainty of the availability of a suitable substitute investment opportunity for the Holder. Accordingly, any Company Optional Redemption Amount due under this Section 8(a) is intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed, a reasonable estimate of the Holders actual loss of its investment opportunity and not as a penalty.

8

(b) Pro Rata Redemption Requirement. If the Company elects to cause a Company Optional Redemption of this Note pursuant to Section 8(a), then it must simultaneously take the same action with respect to all of the Other Notes.

9. NONCIRCUMVENTION. The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), Bylaws (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, and will at all times in good faith carry out all of the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder of this Note. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing or any other provision of this Note or the Transaction Documents, the Company (a) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Preferred Stock receivable upon conversion of this Note above the Conversion Price then in effect, and (b) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Preferred Stock upon the conversion of this Note.

10. RESERVATION OF AUTHORIZED SHARES. So long as any Notes remain outstanding, the Company shall at all times reserve at least 100% of the number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the conversion, of all of the shares of Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion of all of the Notes then outstanding (without regard to any limitations on conversions and assuming such Notes remain outstanding until the Maturity Date) at the Conversion Price then in effect (the Required Reserve Amount). The Required Reserve Amount (including, without limitation, each increase in the number of shares so reserved) shall be allocated pro rata among the holders of the Notes based on the original principal amount of the Notes held by each holder on each Closing Date or increase in the number of reserved shares, as the case may be (the Authorized Share Allocation). In the event that a Holder shall sell or otherwise transfer any of such Holders Notes, each transferee shall be allocated a pro rata portion of such Holders Authorized Share Allocation. Any shares of Common Stock reserved and allocated to any Person which ceases to hold any Notes shall be allocated to the remaining holders of Notes, pro rata based on the principal amount of the Notes then held by such Holders.

9

11. REDEMPTIONS. The Company shall deliver the applicable Redemption Amount to the Holder in cash within five (5) Business Days after the Companys receipt of an Event of Default Redemption Notice from the Lead Investor. If the Lead Investor has submitted a Change of Control Redemption Notice in accordance with Section 5(b), the Company shall deliver the applicable Redemption Amount to the Holder in cash concurrently with the consummation of such Change of Control if such notice is received prior to the consummation of such Change of Control and within five (5) Business Days after the Companys receipt of such notice otherwise. On any applicable Company Optional Redemption Date, the Company shall deliver the applicable Redemption Amount on such date. In the event that the Company does not pay the applicable Redemption Amount to the Holder within the time period required, at any time thereafter and until the Company pays such unpaid Redemption Amount in full, the Lead Investor shall have the option, in lieu of redemption, to require the Company to promptly return to the Holder all or any portion of this Note representing the amount that was submitted for redemption and for which the applicable Redemption Amount has not been paid. Upon the Companys receipt of such notice, (x) the applicable Redemption Notice shall be null and void with respect to such Redemption Amount, (y) the Company shall immediately return this Note to the Holder, and in each case the principal amount of this Note shall be increased by an amount equal to the difference between (1) the applicable Redemption Amount (as the case may be, and as adjusted pursuant to this Section 11, if applicable) minus (2) the Principal portion of the Redemption Amount submitted for redemption.

12. VOTING RIGHTS. The Holder shall have no voting rights as a stockholder of the Company in connection with holding of this Note.

13. COVENANTS. Until all of the Notes have been converted, redeemed or otherwise satisfied in accordance with their terms:

(a) Rank. All payments due under this Note (a) shall rank pari passu with all Other Notes and (b) shall be senior to all other Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(b) Incurrence of Indebtedness. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, incur or guarantee, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness (other than (i) the Indebtedness evidenced by this Note and the Other Notes and (ii) other Permitted Indebtedness).

(c) Existence of Liens. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, allow or suffer to exist any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other encumbrance upon or in any property or assets (including accounts and contract rights) owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (collectively, Liens) other than Permitted Liens.

(d) Restricted Payments and Investments. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, redeem, defease, repurchase, repay or make any payments in respect of, by the payment of cash or cash equivalents (in whole or in part, whether by way of open market purchases, tender offers, private transactions or otherwise), all or any portion of any Indebtedness (other than the Notes and other Permitted Indebtedness) whether by way of payment in respect of principal of (or premium, if any) or interest on, such Indebtedness or make any Investment, as applicable, if at the time such payment with respect to such Indebtedness and/or Investment, as applicable, is due or is otherwise made or, after giving effect to such payment, (i) an event constituting an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or (ii) an event that with the passage of time and without being cured would constitute an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

10

(e) Restriction on Redemption and Cash Dividends. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, redeem, repurchase or declare or pay any cash dividend or distribution on any of its capital stock other than the Preferred Stock, or declare or make any dividend or other distributions of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to any or all holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction.

(f) Restriction on Transfer of Assets. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, sell, lease, license, assign, transfer, close, convey or otherwise dispose of any assets or rights of the Company or any Subsidiary owned or hereafter acquired whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions, other than (i) sales, leases, licenses, assignments, transfers, conveyances and other dispositions of such assets or rights by the Company and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business consistent with its past practice, (ii) sales of inventory and product in the ordinary course of business, (iii) disposal of obsolete or unusable equipment, inventory or other personal property, and (iv) distributions of shares of stock of a Subsidiary.

(g) Financial Statements; Budget. The Company shall deliver to the Lead Investor, in form and detail satisfactory to the Lead Investor:

(i) as soon as available, but in any event within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, retained earnings and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, and, in the case of such consolidated statements, audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of Companys independent registered public accounting firm, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall be certified without qualification or explanation and accompanied by a certificate of an officer of the Company stating that no Event of Default was discovered or occurred during the examination of the Company or its Subsidiaries (or if an Event of Default has occurred, specifying the nature thereof and the steps or actions that the Company and/or its Subsidiaries are taking or have taken with respect thereto);

11

(ii) as soon as available, but in any event within thirty (30) days after the end of each calendar month (and within forty-five (45) days of the end of a month that is also the end of a fiscal quarter of the Company), a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such month, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, retained earnings and cash flows for such month, for the portion of the Companys fiscal year then ended, and for the twelve-month period then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding month of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and, certified by an officer of the Company as fairly presenting the financial condition, results of operations and shareholders equity of Company and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; and

(iii) as soon as available following the end of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2025, any business plan of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the following fiscal year that is presented to and approved by the board of directors of the Company.

(h) Preservation of Existence, Etc. The Company shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence, rights and privileges, and become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to become or remain, duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary except where the failure to be so qualified would not result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(i) Maintenance of Properties, Etc. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain and preserve, and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, all of its properties which are necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, at all times with the provisions of all leases to which it is a party as lessee or under which it occupies property, so as to prevent any material loss or forfeiture thereof or thereunder.

(j) Maintenance of Intellectual Property. The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, take all action reasonably necessary or advisable to maintain all of the Intellectual Property Rights (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) of the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries that are necessary or material to the conduct of its business in full force and effect.

(k) Maintenance of Insurance. The Company shall maintain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, insurance with responsible and reputable insurance companies or associations (including, without limitation, comprehensive general liability, hazard, rent and business interruption insurance) with respect to its properties (including all real properties leased or owned by it) and business, in such amounts and covering such risks as is required by any governmental authority having jurisdiction with respect thereto or as is carried generally in accordance with sound business practice by companies in similar businesses similarly situated.

12

(l) Restricted Issuances. The Company shall not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Lead Investor: (i) issue any Notes (other than as contemplated by the Securities Purchase Agreement and the Notes) or (ii) issue any other securities the issuance of which would cause a breach or default under the Notes.

(m) Change in Collateral; Collateral Records. The Company shall (i) give the Agent as defined in the Security Agreement (the Collateral Agent) not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice of any change in the location of any Collateral (as defined in the Security Agreement), other than to locations set forth in the applicable perfection certificate and with respect to which the Collateral Agent has filed financing statements and otherwise fully perfected its Liens thereon, (ii) advise the Collateral Agent promptly, in sufficient detail, of any material adverse change relating to the type, quantity or quality of the Collateral or the Lien granted thereon and (iii) execute and deliver, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to execute and deliver, to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Holder and holders of the Other Notes from time to time, solely for the Collateral Agents convenience in maintaining a record of Collateral, such written statements and schedules as the Collateral Agent or any Holder may reasonably require, designating, identifying or describing the Collateral.

(n) Stay, Extension and Usury Laws. To the extent that it may lawfully do so, the Company (A) agrees that it will not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law (wherever or whenever enacted or in force) that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Note; and (B) expressly waives all benefits or advantages of any such law and agrees that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power granted to the Holder by this Note, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law has been enacted.

(o) Taxes. The Company and its Subsidiaries shall pay when due (taking into account any automatic or other permissible extensions) all taxes, fees or other charges of any nature whatsoever (together with any related interest or penalties) now or hereafter imposed or assessed against the Company and its Subsidiaries or their respective assets or upon their ownership, possession, use, operation or disposition thereof or upon their rents, receipts or earnings arising therefrom (except where the failure to pay would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect). The Company and its Subsidiaries shall file on or before the due date therefor (taking into account any automatic or other permissible extensions) all personal property tax returns (except where the failure to file would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and its Subsidiaries may contest, in good faith and by appropriate proceedings, taxes for which they maintain adequate reserves therefor in accordance with GAAP.

(p) Independent Investigation. At the request of the Lead Investor either (x) at any time when an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (y) upon the occurrence of an event that with the passage of time or giving of notice would constitute an Event of Default or (z) at any time the Lead Investor reasonably and in good faith believes an Event of Default may have occurred or be continuing, the Company shall hire an independent, reputable third party selected by the Lead Investor to investigate as to whether any breach of this Note has occurred (the Independent Investigator). If the Independent Investigator determines that such breach of this Note has occurred, the Independent Investigator shall notify the Company of such breach and the Company shall deliver written notice to each holder of a Note of such breach. In connection with such investigation, the Independent Investigator may, during normal business hours, inspect all contracts, books, records, personnel, offices and other facilities and properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries and, to the extent available to the Company after the Company uses reasonable efforts to obtain them, the records of its legal advisors and accountants (including the accountants work papers) and any books of account, records, reports and other papers not contractually required of the Company to be confidential or secret, or subject to attorney-client or other evidentiary privilege, and the Independent Investigator may make such copies and inspections thereof as the Independent Investigator may reasonably request. The Company shall furnish the Independent Investigator with such financial and operating data and other information with respect to the business and properties of the Company as the Independent Investigator may reasonably request; provided such information is within the possession and control of the Company. The Company shall permit the Independent Investigator to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Company with, and to make proposals and furnish advice with respect thereto to, the Companys officers, directors, key employees and independent public accountants or any of them (and by this provision the Company authorizes said accountants to discuss with such Independent Investigator the finances and affairs of the Company and any Subsidiaries), all at such reasonable times, upon reasonable notice, and as often as may be reasonably requested.

13

(q) The Company shall maintain a Total Leverage Ratio of not greater than 4.00:1.00 for each Fiscal Quarter beginning with the Fiscal Quarter ending December 31, 2025.

(r) The Company shall maintain a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of greater than 1.20:1.00 for each Fiscal Quarter beginning with the Fiscal Quarter ending December 31, 2025.

(s) The Company shall use its best efforts and act in good faith to refinance the indebtedness evidenced by this Note and the Others Notes as soon as reasonably practicable, and collaborate with the Lead Investor in a reasonable manner as reasonably requested by the Lead Investor with respect to such refinancing and related efforts.

14. COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATES. With respect to the covenants set forth in Section 13(q) and Section 13(r) above, the Company shall deliver to the Lead Investor a compliance certificate, signed by the principal executive officer or the principal financial officer of the Company, within forty-five (45) calendar days after the end of each Fiscal Quarter (beginning with the Fiscal Quarter ending December 31, 2025) setting forth in reasonable detail a calculation of the Total Leverage Ratio and Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for such Fiscal Quarter.

15. AMENDING THE TERMS OF THIS NOTE. The prior written consent of the Lead Investor (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) and the Company shall be required for any change, waiver or amendment to this Note.

16. TRANSFER. This Note and any shares of Preferred Stock issued upon conversion of this Note may be offered, sold, assigned or transferred by the Holder without the consent of the Company.

14

17. REISSUANCE OF THIS NOTE.

(a) Transfer. If this Note is to be transferred pursuant to the terms of this Note, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section 17(c)), registered as the Holder may request, representing the outstanding Principal being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the entire outstanding Principal is being transferred, a new Note (in accordance with Section 17(c)) to the Holder representing the outstanding Principal not being transferred. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, following redemption of any portion of this Note, the outstanding Principal represented by this Note may be less than the Principal stated on the face of this Note.

(b) Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Note. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Note (as to which a written certification and the indemnification contemplated below shall suffice as such evidence), and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary and reasonable form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section 17(c)) representing the outstanding Principal.

(c) Issuance of New Notes. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Note pursuant to the terms of this Note, such new Note (i) shall be of like tenor with this Note, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Note, the Principal remaining outstanding (or in the case of a new Note being issued pursuant to Section 17(a), the Principal designated by the Holder which, when added to the principal represented by the other new Notes issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the Principal remaining outstanding under this Note immediately prior to such issuance of new Notes), (iii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Note, which is the same as the Issuance Date of this Note, (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions as this Note, and (v) shall represent accrued and unpaid Interest on the Principal of this Note from the Issuance Date.

18. REMEDIES, CHARACTERIZATIONS, OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. The remedies provided in this Note shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Note and any of the Security Documents at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Note. No failure on the part of the Holder to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise by the Holder of any right, power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. In addition, the exercise of any right or remedy of the Holder at law or equity or under this Note or any of the documents shall not be deemed to be an election of Holders rights or remedies under such documents or at law or equity. The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to specific performance and/or temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctive or other equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction in any such case without the necessity of proving actual damages and without posting a bond or other security. The Company shall provide all information and documentation to the Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Companys compliance with the terms and conditions of this Note (including, without limitation, compliance with Section 7).

15

19. PAYMENT OF COLLECTION, ENFORCEMENT AND OTHER COSTS. If (a) this Note is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement or is collected or enforced through any legal proceeding or the Holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under this Note or to enforce the provisions of this Note or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the Company or other proceedings affecting Company creditors rights and involving a claim under this Note, then the Company shall pay the costs incurred by the Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other proceeding, including, without limitation, attorneys fees and disbursements.

20. CONSTRUCTION; HEADINGS. This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the initial Holder and shall not be construed against any such Person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Note. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular and plural forms thereof. The terms including, includes, include and words of like import shall be construed broadly as if followed by the words without limitation. The terms herein, hereunder, hereof and words of like import refer to this entire Note instead of just the provision in which they are found. Unless expressly indicated otherwise, all section references are to sections of this Note. Terms used in this Note and not otherwise defined herein, but defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement, shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms on each Closing Date in the Securities Purchase Agreement unless otherwise consented to in writing by the Holder.

21. FAILURE OR INDULGENCE NOT WAIVER. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party.

22. NOTICES; CURRENCY; PAYMENTS.

(a) Notices. Whenever notice is required to be given under this Note, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with Section 9(f) of the Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this Note, including in reasonable detail a description of such action and the reason therefore. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will give written notice to the Holder (i) immediately upon any adjustment of the Conversion Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, and certifying, the calculation of such adjustment and (ii) at least fifteen (15) days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the Common Stock, or (B) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder.

16

(b) Currency. All dollar amounts referred to in this Note are in United States Dollars (U.S. Dollars), and all amounts owing under this Note shall be paid in U.S. Dollars. All amounts denominated in other currencies (if any) shall be converted into the U.S. Dollar equivalent amount in accordance with the Exchange Rate on the date of calculation. Exchange Rate means, in relation to any amount of currency to be converted into U.S. Dollars pursuant to this Note, the U.S. Dollar exchange rate as published in the Wall Street Journal on the relevant date of calculation (it being understood and agreed that where an amount is calculated with reference to, or over, a period of time, the date of calculation shall be the final date of such period of time).

(c) Payments. Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Company to any Person pursuant to this Note, unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, such payment shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America via wire transfer of immediately available funds by providing the Company with prior written notice setting out such request and the Holders wire transfer instructions. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a Business Day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day.

23. CANCELLATION. After all Principal, accrued Interest, and other amounts at any time owed on this Note have been paid in full, this Note shall automatically be deemed canceled, shall be surrendered to the Company for cancellation and shall not be reissued.

24. WAIVER OF NOTICE. To the extent permitted by law, the Company hereby irrevocably waives demand, notice, presentment, protest and all other demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of this Note.

25. GOVERNING LAW. This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Note shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware. The Company hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Holder from bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Companys obligations to the Holder, to realize on any collateral or any other security for such obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of the Holder. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

17

26. JUDGMENT CURRENCY.

(a) If for the purpose of obtaining or enforcing judgment against the Company in any court in any jurisdiction it becomes necessary to convert into any other currency (such other currency being hereinafter in this Section 26 referred to as the Judgment Currency) an amount due in U.S. dollars under this Note, the conversion shall be made at the Exchange Rate prevailing on the Trading Day immediately preceding:

(i) the date actual payment of the amount due, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of Delaware or in the courts of any other jurisdiction that will give effect to such conversion being made on such date: or

(ii) the date on which the foreign court determines, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of any other jurisdiction (the date as of which such conversion is made pursuant to this Section 26(a)(ii) being hereinafter referred to as the Judgment Conversion Date).

(b) If in the case of any proceeding in the court of any jurisdiction referred to in Section 26(a)(ii) above, there is a change in the Exchange Rate prevailing between the Judgment Conversion Date and the date of actual payment of the amount due, the applicable party shall pay such adjusted amount as may be necessary to ensure that the amount paid in the Judgment Currency, when converted at the Exchange Rate prevailing on the date of payment, will produce the amount of US dollars which could have been purchased with the amount of Judgment Currency stipulated in the judgment or judicial order at the Exchange Rate prevailing on the Judgment Conversion Date.

(c) Any amount due from the Company under this provision shall be due as a separate debt and shall not be affected by judgment being obtained for any other amounts due under or in respect of this Note.

27. SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Note is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Note so long as this Note as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

18

28. MAXIMUM PAYMENTS. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to establish or require the payment of a rate of interest or other charges in excess of the maximum permitted by applicable law. In the event that the rate of interest required to be paid or other charges hereunder exceed the maximum permitted by such law, any payments in excess of such maximum shall be credited against amounts owed by the Company to the Holder and thus refunded to the Company.

29. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. Any capitalized terms used in this Note but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Securities Purchase Agreement. For purposes of this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) 1934 Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(b) Attribution Parties has the meaning set forth in the Certificate of Designations.

(c) Certificate of Designations means the Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company.

(d) Change of Control means any Fundamental Transaction other than (i) any merger of the Company or any of its, direct or indirect, wholly-owned Subsidiaries with or into any of the foregoing Persons, (ii) any reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification of the shares of Common Stock (other than a stock split) in which holders of the Companys voting power immediately prior to such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification continue after such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification to hold publicly traded securities and, directly or indirectly, are, in all material respects, the holders of the voting power of the surviving entity (or entities with the authority or voting power to elect the members of the board of directors (or their equivalent if other than a corporation) of such entity or entities) after such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification, or (iii) pursuant to a migratory merger effected solely for the purpose of changing the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(e) Common Stock means (i) the Companys shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share, of any class, and (ii) any capital stock into which such common stock shall have been changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such common stock.

19

(f) Current Subsidiary means any Person in which the Company on the Issuance Date, directly or indirectly, (i) owns a majority of the outstanding capital stock or holds any equity or similar interest of such Person or (ii) controls or operates all or any part of the business, operations or administration of such Person, and all of the foregoing, collectively, Current Subsidiaries.

(g) EBITDA means, with respect to any Person for any period of time, net income for such period, adjusted as follows: (a) subtract: (i) income or add back loss from discontinued operations, to the extent already included in net income, and (ii) extraordinary, non-recurring, or unusual gains; and (b) add back, without duplication and to the extent deducted in determining net income for such period, the sum of: (i) interest expense, (ii) income tax expense, (iii) depreciation and amortization expense, (iv) non-cash stock-based compensation charges, and (v) non-recurring extraordinary charges or expenses as determined by the Lead Investor in good faith and its reasonable discretion. EBITDA shall also include such Persons pro rata share of EBITDA of each unconsolidated joint venture and Subsidiary in which such Person holds an interest.

(h) ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

(i) ERISA Affiliate means any member of the Companys controlled group as defined in Sections 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Internal Revenue Coe of 1986, as amended.

(j) ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) a withdrawal by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a plan amendment as a termination under Sections 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan; (e) an event or condition which might reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (f) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates; or (g) the determination that any Pension Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a plan in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 and 431 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or Section 303, 304 or 305 of ERISA.

(k) Fiscal Quarter means each of the fiscal quarters adopted by the Company for financial reporting purposes that correspond to the Companys fiscal year as of the date hereof that ends on June 30.

20

(l) Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (i) EBITDA of the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, less (a) unfinanced capital expenditures, (b) federal, state and local taxes paid by the Company and its Subsidiaries during the four (4) most recently completed Fiscal Quarters, (c) board or other advisory fees, if any, paid by the Company and its Subsidiaries during the four (4) most recently completed Fiscal Quarters, and (d) cash dividends or tax distributions made by the Company and its Subsidiaries during the four (4) most recently completed Fiscal Quarters, to (ii) total Fixed Charges of the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.

(m) Fixed Charges means, with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis and as of any date of termination, the sum of (i) interest expense paid by the Company and its Subsidiaries in cash during the four (4) most recently completed Fiscal Quarters (b) payments of principal made or scheduled to be made during the four (4) most recently completed Fiscal Quarters in respect of all Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(n) Fundamental Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Certificate of Designations.

(o) Indebtedness of any Person shall mean, without duplication, (i) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments, (iii) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of business and excluding earn-outs except to the extent required under GAAP to be reflected as a liability on the balance sheet of such Person), (iv) all obligations of such Person under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement(s) relating to property acquired by such Person, (v) all capital lease obligations of such Person, (vi) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of letters of credit, acceptances or similar extensions of credit, (vii) all guarantees of such Person of the type of Indebtedness described in clauses (i) through (vi) above, (viii) all Indebtedness of a third party secured by any Lien on property owned by such Person, whether or not such Indebtedness has been assumed by such Person (provided that if such Person has not assumed or otherwise become liable in respect of such Indebtedness, such Indebtedness shall be deemed to be in an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the amount of such Indebtedness and (B) the fair market value of the property to which such Lien relates), (ix) all off-balance sheet liabilities and (xi) all hedging obligations.The Indebtedness of any Person shall include (1) the Indebtedness of any partnership in which such Person is a general partner, except to the extent that the terms of such Indebtedness or the terms of the partnership agreement of such partnership provide that such Person is not liable therefor and (2) the Indebtedness of any joint venture (other than to the extent covered by clause (1) above) in which such Person is joint venturer, solely to the extent that the terms of such Indebtedness or the terms of the operating agreement of such joint venture expressly provide that such Person is liable therefor, or such Person is otherwise liable therefor.

(p) Interest Rate means, at any time and as may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with Section 2: (i) if the Total Leverage Ratio is less than 2.50:1.00, then 10.0%; and (ii) if the Total Leverage Ratio is equal to or greater than 2.50:1.00, then 12.0%, with the Initial Interest Rate on the Issuance Date based upon the Total Leverage Ratio as of December 31, 2024.

21

(q) Investment means any beneficial ownership (including stock, partnership or limited liability company interests) of or in any Person, or any loan, advance or capital contribution to any Person or the acquisition of all, or substantially all, of the assets of another Person or the purchase of any assets of another Person for greater than the fair market value of such assets.

(r) Maturity Date shall mean the two (2) year anniversary of the Issuance Date.

(s) Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.

(t) New Subsidiary means, as of any date of determination, any Person in which the Company after the Issuance Date, directly or indirectly, owns or acquires all of the outstanding capital stock or holds any equity or similar interest of such Person, and all of the foregoing, collectively, New Subsidiaries.

(u) Parent Entity of a Person means an entity that, directly or indirectly, controls the applicable Person and whose common stock or equivalent equity security is quoted or listed on a National Exchange, or, if there is more than one such Person or Parent Entity, the Person or Parent Entity with the largest public market capitalization as of the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction.

(v) PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.

(w) Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), including a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliate or to which such Person contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or in the case of a multiple employer or other plan described in Section 4064(a) of ERISA, has made contributions at any time during the immediately preceding five plan years

(x) Permitted Indebtedness means Indebtedness evidenced by this Note and the Other Notes, and (ii) Indebtedness secured by Permitted Liens or unsecured but as described in clauses (iv) and (v) of the definition of Permitted Liens.

(y) Permitted Liens means (i) any Lien for taxes not yet due or delinquent or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, (ii) any statutory Lien arising in the ordinary course of business by operation of law with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent, (iii) any Lien created by operation of law, such as materialmens liens, mechanics liens and other similar liens, arising in the ordinary course of business with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (iv) Liens (A) upon or in any equipment acquired or held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to secure the purchase price of such equipment or Indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition or lease of such equipment, or (B) existing on such equipment at the time of its acquisition, provided that the Lien is confined solely to the property so acquired and improvements thereon, and the proceeds of such equipment, in either case, with respect to Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not to exceed $2,000,000.00, (v) Liens incurred in connection with the extension, renewal or refinancing of the Indebtedness secured by Liens of the type described in clause (iv) above, provided that any extension, renewal or replacement Lien shall be limited to the property encumbered by the existing Lien and the principal amount of the Indebtedness being extended, renewed or refinanced does not increase, (vi) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payments of custom duties in connection with the importation of goods, (vii) Liens arising from judgments, decrees or attachments in circumstances not constituting an Event of Default under Section 4(a)(viii), and (vii) mortgages on Liens on newly acquired properties.

22

(z) Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity or a government or any department or agency thereof.

(aa) Redemption Amount means the sum of (x) portion of the Principal to be redeemed with respect to which this determination is being made, and (y) all accrued and unpaid Interest with respect to such portion of the Principal amount as of the date such Redemption Amount is paid to the Holder.

(bb) Redemption Notices means, collectively, the Event of Default Redemption Notices, the Company Optional Redemption Notices, and the Change of Control Redemption Notices, and each of the foregoing, individually, a Redemption Notice.

(i) Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30-day notice period has been waived.

(cc) Securities Purchase Agreement means that certain securities purchase agreement, dated as of the Issuance Date, by and among the Company and the initial holders of the Notes and the other securities issuable thereunder.

(dd) Security Agreement means the Security Agreement by and between the Company, its Subsidiaries listed therein, the Secured Parties listed therein, and the Collateral Agent, dated as of the Issuance Date.

(ee) Security Documents means the Security Agreement and the Subsidiary Guarantee.

(ff) Subsidiaries means, as of any date of determination, collectively, all active Current Subsidiaries and all active New Subsidiaries, and each of the foregoing, individually, a Subsidiary.

23

(gg) Subsidiary Guarantee means the Subsidiary Guarantee by and between the Company and its Subsidiaries listed therein in favor of Secured Parties listed in the Security Agreement.

(hh) Successor Entity means the Person (or, if so elected by the Lead Investor, the Parent Entity) formed by, resulting from or surviving any Fundamental Transaction or the Person (or, if so elected by the Lead Investor, the Parent Entity) with which such Fundamental Transaction shall have been entered into.

(ii) Total Leverage Ratio shall mean, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (i) all Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries measured on a consolidated basis to (ii) the EBITDA of the Company and its Subsidiaries measured on a consolidated basis.

(jj) Transfer Agent means the Companys transfer agent.

[signature page follows]

24

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Note to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out above.

LIGHTHPATH TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

25

EXHIBIT I

CONVERSION

(a) Conversion. If, on or following the Earnings Date, the Conversion Condition occurs, then the full outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount (as defined below) shall automatically, without any further action required on the part of the Company or the Holder, be converted into validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Preferred Stock in accordance with Section (c) below, at the Conversion Rate (as defined below). The Company shall pay any and all transfer, stamp, issuance and similar taxes, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Transfer Agent) that may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of Preferred Stock upon conversion of any Conversion Amount.

(b) Conversion Rate. The number of shares of Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion of any Conversion Amount pursuant to Section (a) above shall be determined by dividing (x) such Conversion Amount by (y) the Conversion Price (the Conversion Rate), rounded to the nearest thousandth of a share.

(i) Conversion Amount means the Redemption Amount with respect to all outstanding Principal and accrued and unpaid Interest as of the Conversion Date.

(ii) Conversion Price means $1,000.00 per share, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or other similar events.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion.

(i) Automatic Conversion. On any date on or after the Earnings Date when the Conversion Condition has occurred (a Conversion Date), the Company shall, on or before the first (1st) Trading Day following the Conversion Date, issue and deliver (via reputable overnight courier) to the address as specified in the Conversion Notice, a book entry statement, in the name of the Holder or its designee, evidencing the issuance of the number of shares of Preferred Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled pursuant to such conversion. The Person or Persons entitled to receive the shares of Preferred Stock issuable upon a conversion of this Note shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Preferred Stock on the Conversion Date.

(ii) Registration; Book-Entry. The Company shall maintain a register (the Register) for the recordation of the names and addresses of the holders of each Note and the principal amount of the Notes held by such holders (the Registered Notes). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest error. The Company and the holders of the Notes shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of a Note for all purposes (including, without limitation, the right to receive payments of Principal and Interest) notwithstanding notice to the contrary. A Registered Note may be assigned, transferred or sold in whole or in part only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register. Upon its receipt of a written request to assign, transfer or sell all or part of any Registered Note by the holder thereof, the Company shall record the information contained therein in the Register and issue one or more new Registered Notes in the same aggregate principal amount as the principal amount of the surrendered Registered Note to the designated assignee or transferee pursuant to Section 17, provided that if the Company does not so record an assignment, transfer or sale (as the case may be) of all or part of any Registered Note within one (1) Business Day of such a request, then the Register shall be automatically deemed updated to reflect such assignment, transfer or sale (as the case may be). The Company shall maintain records showing the Principal and Interest paid and the dates of such payments or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Lead Investor and the Company, so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon conversion. If the Company does not update the Register to record such Principal and Interest converted and/or paid (as the case may be) and the dates of such conversions, and/or payments (as the case may be) within one (1) Business Day of such occurrence, then the Register shall be automatically deemed updated to reflect such occurrence.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>lpth_ex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
lpth_ex101.htm

EXHIHBIT 10.1

MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT

BY AND AMONG

LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES, INC.,

G5 INFRARED, LLC,

THE UNDERSIGNED MEMBERS OF THE COMPANY,

AND

SELLERS REPRESENTATIVE

DATED AS OF FEBRUARY ___, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 

1

1.1 Certain Definitions 

1

1.2 Table of Defined Terms 

10

ARTICLE II SALE AND PURCHASE 

11

2.1 Purchase Price 

11

2.2 Closing Date Payments 

11

2.3 Closing 

12

2.4 Sale and Purchase 

12

2.5 Deliveries by the Sellers 

12

2.6 Deliveries by Buyer 

13

2.7 Post-Closing Adjustment 

14

2.8 Earnout Payments 

15

2.9 Procedures Applicable to Determination of the Earnout Payments 

18

2.10 Purchase Price Allocation 

20

2.11 Intended Tax Treatment 

21

2.12 Withholding 

21

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLERS 

21

3.1 Organization and Qualification 

21

3.2 Organizational Documents 

21

3.3 Title 

22

3.4 Capitalization 

22

3.5 Authority; Enforceability 

22

3.6 No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents 

23

3.7 Company Contracts 

23

3.8 Government Contracts 

25

3.9 Compliance 

26

3.10 Financial Statements 

28

3.11 Absence of Certain Changes or Events 

28

3.12 Absence of Litigation, Claims and Orders 

30

3.13 Employee Benefit Plans 

30

3.14 Labor Matters 

32

3.15 Real Property and Assets 

33

3.16 Taxes 

34

3.17 Intellectual Property 

38

3.18 Data Privacy, Security and Information Technology 

39

3.19 Insurance 

41

3.20 Environmental Matters 

41

3.21 Brokers 

42

3.22 Customers and Vendors 

42

3.23 Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable 

43

3.24 Affiliate Transactions; Related Businesses 

43

3.25 Books of Account; Records 

43

3.26 Pandemic Matters 

43

3.27 Inventories 

43

3.28 Full Disclosure 

44

-i-

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued)

Page

ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER 

44

4.1 Organization and Qualification 

44

4.2 Authority; Enforceability 

44

4.3 No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents 

44

4.4 SEC Documents 

45

4.5 LPTH Stock 

45

4.6 Absence of Litigation, Claims and Orders 

45

4.7 Investment Intent 

45

4.8 Brokers 

46

ARTICLE V ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS 

46

5.1 Preservation of Records 

46

5.2 Further Assurances; Closing Efforts 

46

5.3 Confidential Information 

47

5.4 Restrictive Covenants 

47

5.5 PPP Loan Obligation 

49

5.6 Employees and Employee Benefits Matters 

49

5.7 Retained Liabilities 

50

5.8 Seller Releases 

50

5.9 Forwarding of Funds 

51

5.10 Conduct of Business 

51

5.11 No Solicitation of Other Bids 

51

5.12 Financing Matters 

52

5.13 Access to Information 

52

5.14 Interim Financial Statements 

53

ARTICLE VI TAX MATTERS 

53

6.1 Filing of Tax Returns 

53

6.2 Straddle Periods 

54

6.3 Contests Related to Taxes 

54

6.4 Cooperation on Tax Matters 

55

6.5 Push Out Election 

55

6.6 Transfer Taxes 

55

6.7 Tax Sharing Agreements 

55

6.8 Tax Distributions 

55

ARTICLE VII CONDITIONS TO CLOSING 

56

7.1 Mutual Conditions 

56

7.2 Conditions to Obligations of the Sellers 

56

7.3 Conditions to Obligations of Buyer 

56

7.4 Frustration of Closing Conditions 

57

ARTICLE VIII SURVIVAL AND INDEMNIFICATION 

57

8.1 Survival of Representations and Warranties and Covenants 

57

8.2 Indemnification 

58

8.3 Calculation of Losses; Other Indemnification Matters 

59

8.4 Additional Limitations on Indemnification Obligations 

60

8.5 Indemnification Procedures 

60

8.6 Adjustment to Purchase Price 

61

8.7 Priority of Recourse 

61

8.8 Release of Escrow Account 

62

-ii-

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued)

Page

ARTICLE IX TERMINATION 

62

9.1 Termination 

62

9.2 Effect of Termination 

63

9.3 Notice of Termination 

63

ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 

63

10.1 Amendment 

63

10.2 Waiver 

63

10.3 Notices 

64

10.4 Specific Performance 

65

10.5 Interpretation 

65

10.6 Severability 

65

10.7 Entire Agreement 

65

10.8 Assignment 

66

10.9 No Third Party Beneficiaries 

66

10.10 Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver; Remedies Cumulative 

66

10.11 Governing Law; Venue 

66

10.12 Waiver of Jury Trial 

66

10.13 Conflict Between Transaction Documents 

66

10.14 Time For Performance 

66

10.15 Counterparts 

66

10.16 Legal Representation 

67

10.17 Public Announcements 

67

10.18 Sellers Representative 

67

Exhibits

Exhibit A - Sellers

Exhibit B - Form of Escrow Agreement

Exhibit C - Form of Lock-Up Agreement

Exhibit D - Form of Lease Consent

Exhibit E - Form of Irrevocable Proxy

-iii-

MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT

Thismembership interest Purchase AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of February ___, 2025 (the Signing Date), is by and among LightPath Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Buyer), G5 Infrared, LLC, a New Hampshire limited liability company (the Company), the undersigned members of the Company (each a Seller and, collectively, the Sellers), and Kenneth R. Greenslade, solely in his capacity as Sellers Representative (as hereinafter defined) (Buyer, the Company, the Sellers and Sellers Representative being, collectively, the Parties and, individually, a Party).

WHEREAS, the Sellers, in the aggregate, own beneficially and of record, all of the authorized, issued and outstanding membership interests (the Acquired Interests) of the Company in the respective amounts set forth opposite each Sellers name on Exhibit A; and

WHEREAS, effective as of the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Sellers shall transfer to Buyer, and Buyer shall acquire from the Sellers, all of the Acquired Interests.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual representations, warranties, covenants and agreements herein contained, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

1.1Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Adjustment Amount means an amount, whether positive or negative, equal to (i) the Closing Date Cash on Hand, minus (ii) the Clawback Amount, if any, minus (iii) the Adjustment Indebtedness, minus (iv) the Adjustment Selling Expenses, plus (v) if the Closing Date Net Working Capital is greater than the Target Closing Date Net Working Capital, the amount by which the Closing Date Net Working Capital exceeds the Target Closing Date Net Working Capital, and minus (vi) if the Closing Date Net Working Capital is less than the Target Closing Date Net Working Capital, the amount by which the Target Closing Date Net Working Capital exceeds the Closing Date Net Working Capital. 

Adjustment Time means 11:59 p.m. (Orlando, Florida) on the day immediately preceding the Closing Date.

Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person.

Anti-Corruption Laws means the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the U.S. Foreign Extortion Prevention Act of 2023, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, and other applicable Laws addressing prohibitions against improper payments and bribery of officers, directors, employees, agents and affiliates of Governmental Authority, business partners, or other commercial parties and to which the Company or any Seller is subject, in effect in each jurisdiction in which the Company or any Seller operates.

ARP means the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 (Pub. L 117-2), as amended, and the guidance, rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Assumed Liabilities means (a) all Current Liabilities, but only to the extent such Liabilities relate to the Company and the conduct of the Business and are taken into account in the Final Adjustment Amount, and (b) the Liabilities of the Company under the Contracts listed on Schedule 8.2(a)(vi), but, in each case, only to the extent such Liabilities arise and are first required to be performed on or after the Closing Date (excluding any Liabilities for breach of such Contracts by the Company prior to the Closing Date).

Base Closing Date Purchase Price means Twenty-Seven Million Dollars ($27,000,000.00).

Business means the business of the Company conducted on the date of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the research, development, design, engineering, manufacturing, assembly, integration, testing, marketing and sale of infrared cameras, infrared electro-optical systems, infrared lenses and lens assemblies, opto-mechanical assemblies and optical coatings.

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or day on which banks are permitted to close in the State of Florida.

Buyer Affiliated Company means Buyer and all Affiliates of Buyer, including ISP Optics Corporation, a New York corporation, and, after the Closing, the Company. 

Buyer Fundamental Representations means the representations and warranties set forth in Section 4.1 (Organization and Qualification), Section 4.2 (Authority; Enforceability), Section 4.5 (LPTH Stock), and Section 4.8 (Brokers).

CAA means the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 (Pub. L. 116-260), as amended, and the guidance, rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

CARES Act means the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (Pub. L. 116-136) as amended and any administrative or other guidance published with respect thereto by any Governmental Authority (including IRS Notices 2020-22 and 2020-65), or any other Law or executive order or executive memorandum (including the Payroll Tax Executive Order) intended to address the consequences of COVID-19 (in each case, including any comparable provisions of state, local or non-U.S. Law and including any related or similar orders or declarations from any Governmental Authority).

Cash on Hand means all cash and cash equivalents, in each case, determined in accordance with GAAP, and held in any account of the Company, (i) excluding the amount of any issued but uncleared checks, wires, or drafts and any cash overdrafts and Restricted Cash, and (ii) including checks and drafts deposited for the account of the Company or on hand at the Company or available for deposit for the account of the Company.

Claim means any claim, suit, action, arbitration, cause of action, complaint, criminal prosecution, demand letter, charge, audit, assessment, or Proceeding, whether at law or in equity, before or by any Governmental Authority.

Clawback Amount means an amount equal to fifty percent (50%) of the amount, if any, by which the Actual Revenue for the 2024 calendar year is less than Seventeen Million Three Hundred Thousand Dollars ($17,300,000.00). For the avoidance of doubt, if the Actual Revenue for the 2024 calendar year equals or exceeds Seventeen Million Three Hundred Thousand Dollars ($17,300,000.00), then the Clawback Amount shall equal zero.

Closing Date Cash on Hand means the Cash on Hand as of the Adjustment Time.

Closing Date Indebtedness means the Indebtedness as of immediately prior to the Closing.

Closing Date Net Working Capital means the Net Working Capital as of the Adjustment Time.

2

Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder.

Company IT Systems means all Software, computer hardware, servers, networks, platforms, peripherals, and similar or related items of automated, computerized, or other information technology (IT) networks and systems (including telecommunications networks and systems for voice, data and video) that are owned, leased, licensed, or used (including through cloud-based or other third-party service providers) by the Company.

Confidential Information means non-public data and information, know-how, ideas, research and development, methods, processes, techniques, vendor lists, client lists, pricing and cost information, marketing information and plans, sales and promotional materials, business plans, formulas, designs, devices, technology, compositions and other trade secrets, whether or not patentable.

Contract means any written or oral contracts, leases, bonds, notes, mortgages, indentures, subcontracts, leases, licenses, purchase orders, or other legally binding agreements or commitments.

COVID-19 means SARS-CoV-2 or COVID-19, and any evolutions thereof or related or associate epidemics, pandemic or disease outbreaks.

COVID-19 Measures means any quarantine, shelter in place, stay at home, workforce reduction, social distancing, shut down, closure, sequester, safety or similar Law, directive, guidelines or recommendations promulgated by any industry group or any Governmental Authority, including the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the World Health Organization, in each case, in connection with or response to the COVID-19 pandemic, including the CARES Act, the FFCRA, the ARP, the CAA, any Payroll Tax Executive Order, and any reasonable actions taken or planned to be taken in response thereto.

Data Agreements means all agreements containing provisions involving data privacy, data security, or data breach notification to which the Company is bound.

Data Laws means any applicable Law or industry self-regulatory principles, including but not limited to the following data protection and privacy laws: (i) the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended, including any regulations promulgated thereunder; (ii) the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679; and (iii) HIPAA.

Data Policies means all internal and external written policies, notices and procedures of the Company regarding privacy, data security, and the storage, collection, transfer (including cross-border transfers), disclosure, use or processing of Personal Information.

Data Requirements means, collectively, all Data Laws, Data Agreements, and Data Policies.

Data Room means the online data room hosted by the Company entitled Gatorade Data Room.

Escrow Agent means U.S. Bank National Association, or its successor or replacement.

Escrow Agreement means the escrow agreement to be entered into by Buyer, Sellers Representative and Escrow Agent, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Filing means any registration, petition, statement, application, schedule, form, declaration, notice, notification, report, submission, or other filing.

3

Fraud means the actual and intentional (as opposed to negligent) fraud by a Party with respect to the making of a representation or warranty by such Party set forth in this Agreement.

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, consistently applied.

Government Bid means any quotation, bid or proposal by the Company that, if accepted or awarded, would result in a Government Contract.

Government Contract means (i) any prime contract, cooperative agreement, grant, or similar agreement with a Governmental Authority, or (ii) any subcontract, teaming agreement, or subaward with a prime contractor or subcontractor, in each case performed by or performed for the Company under a prime contract, cooperative agreement, grant, or similar agreement with a Governmental Authority.

Governmental Approval means any consent, approval, Order, or authorization of, or registration, declaration, or filing with, any Governmental Authority.

Governmental Authority means any (i) supernational, federal, national, regional, state, provincial, municipal, local, or other government, (ii) governmental or quasi-governmental entity of any nature (including any court, branch, department, official, entity, or political subdivision or agency thereof, including any administrative agency or commission), or (iii) body exercising or entitled to exercise any administrative, executive, judicial, legislative, police, regulatory or taxing authority or power of any nature, including any public arbitral tribunal, arbitrator or mediator.

HIPAA means the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, and their implementing regulations set forth at 45 CFR Parts 160-164.

Indebtedness means, without duplication, all obligations of the Company consisting of (i) indebtedness for borrowed money and all obligations represented by bonds, notes, debentures, or similar instruments, in each case, including the outstanding principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest related thereto, and any fees, expenses, and other payment obligations related thereto (including any prepayment penalties, premiums, costs, breakage, or other amounts payable as a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement), (ii) obligations with respect to leases required to be accounted for as capital leases under GAAP, (iii) obligations for the deferred purchase price of property, assets, or services, including earnouts and seller notes (but excluding any trade payables or accrued expenses arising in the ordinary course of business), (iv) all reimbursement and other obligations with respect to letters of credit, bank guarantees, bankers acceptances, performance bonds, or other similar instruments, in each case, solely to the extent drawn, (v) all obligations, including any costs or fees, with respect to any interest rate, currency swap, cap, forward, or other similar arrangements designed to provide protection against fluctuations in any price or rate, (vi) all (A) unpaid Tax Liabilities(which shall not be an amount less than zero and which shall not include any offsets or reductions with respect to Tax refunds or overpayments of Tax), (B) amounts deferred pursuant to Section 2302 of the CARES Act, and (C) payroll Tax obligations (including those imposed by Sections 3101(a) and 3201 of the Code) deferred (including by a failure to timely withhold, deposit, or remit such amounts in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Code and the Treasury Regulations) pursuant to the Payroll Tax Executive Order, (vii) any unpaid incentive compensation or similar payments payable under the Companys bonus plans or programs, (viii) any unpaid employer 401(k) contributions or any other any unfunded or underfunded pension or retirement plan Liabilities, (ix) the aggregate amount of any declared but unpaid distributions or dividends to equityholders, including, without limitation, any mandatory tax distributions under the Companys Organizational Documents, (x) guarantees by the Company (to the extent of the amount of such guarantees) of any obligations of the type described in the foregoing clauses (i) through (ix). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Indebtedness shall not include any (A) obligations with respect to operating leases not otherwise required to be capitalized under GAAP or (B) obligations with respect to letters of credit, bank guarantees, bankers acceptances, performance bonds, or similar instruments, in each case, to the extent undrawn.

4

Information means any data or information (whether in electronic or non-electronic form) in the care, possession, custody or control of the Company (or a third party on the Companys behalf), including without limitation Personal Information and Cardholder Data or Sensitive Authentication Data (as both are defined in the PCI Glossary published by the PCI Security Council).

Intellectual Property means all intellectual property of any type or nature, however denominated, anywhere in the world, including (i) all trademarks, trade names, service marks, service names, logos, product names, corporate names, assumed names, trade dress, and all other indicia of source and origin, whether registered or unregistered, and all applications for the registration thereof, together with all of the goodwill associated therewith(Trademarks), (ii) Internet domain names, websites, and social media accounts, (iii) all works of authorship (whether or not copyrightable) and all copyrights (whether registered or unregistered) and applications for registration thereof, (iv) proprietary data, database rights, and proprietary rights in Software, (v) all classes and types of patents, including originals, reissues, divisions, renewals, extensions, provisionals, continuations, and continuations-in-part, patent applications and patent disclosures, (vi) trade secrets, inventions (whether patentable or unpatentable and whether or not reduced to practice), know-how, proprietary information, ideas, methods, procedures, processes, specifications, plans, proposals, improvements, inventions, applications, tools, supplier lists, and all related information, (vii) any and all registrations, applications for registration, renewals, extensions, revisions, or restorations, recordings, common-law rights, statutory rights, and related rights relating to any of the foregoing, and (viii) all claims or causes of action arising out of or related to past, present, or future infringement or misappropriation of the foregoing.

Law means all laws (including common law), statutes, ordinances, directives, Regulations, codes, promulgations, treaties, resolutions, decrees, and similar mandates of any Governmental Authority, including all Orders having the effect of law in any jurisdiction (domestic and foreign).

Liability means any debt, liability, or obligation of any nature or kind whatsoever (whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, liquidated or unliquidated, known or unknown, asserted or unasserted, determined, determinable or otherwise, directly incurred or consequential, due or to become due, and whether or not required to be accrued on financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP), including Taxes.

Lien means any lien (statutory or otherwise), charge, pledge, claim, encumbrance, security interest, mortgage, deed of trust, hypothecation, encumbrance, community property interest, limitation on voting rights, right of first refusal or first offer, option, buy/sell agreement, servitude, or any other lien of any nature or kind whatsoever (other than, in the case of a security, any restriction on transfer of such security arising solely under federal or state securities Laws).

Malicious Code means any malicious software, program, code, script or computer instruction that may, or is designed or intended to, interfere with, infect, harm, prevent the use of, perform an unauthorized function on, or permit the unauthorized access of, any computer hardware, Software, system, network or data, as applicable (including but not limited to any computer virus, Trojan Horse, worm, time or logic bomb, bot, keystroke logger, malware, adware, and self-destruction or termination mechanism).

Material Adverse Effect means any result, fact, event, change, development, effect, condition, circumstance or occurrence, or related series thereof, that results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a material and adverse effect on: (a) the business, operations, condition (financial or otherwise), properties, assets, Liabilities, capitalization or results of operations of the Business; and/or (b) the ability of the Company or any Seller to consummate the Transactions on a timely basis, whether individually or taken as a whole; other than any result, fact, event, change, development, effect, condition, circumstance or occurrence, or related series thereof, to the extent arising out of or resulting from: (i) changes in general legal, tax, regulatory, political (including policies and tariffs) or business conditions, including changes in GAAP or applicable Law (so long as the foregoing do not have a materially disproportionate effect on the Company as compared to other participants in the industries or markets in which the Company operates), (ii) acts of war, armed hostilities, sabotage or terrorism, or any escalation or worsening of any such acts of war, armed hostilities, sabotage or terrorism threatened or underway as of the Signing Date or epidemics or pandemics (including the Pandemic), earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, or other natural disasters and other force majeure events (so long as the foregoing do not have a materially disproportionate effect on the Company as compared to other participants in the industries or markets in which the Company operates), (iii) any action taken by the Company or any Seller or any of their respective Affiliates at the written direction of Buyer or any of its Affiliates, or (iv) the availability or cost of equity, debt or other financing to Buyer prior to the Closing.

5

Order means any binding judgment, order, writ, injunction, ruling, decree, determination, or award of, or any settlement under the jurisdiction of, any Governmental Authority.

Organizational Documents means the legal document(s) by which any Person (other than an individual) establishes its legal existence or which govern its internal affairs.

Pandemic means the outbreak of SARS-CoV-2 or COVID-19, and any evolutions or mutations thereof or related or associated epidemics, pandemic or disease outbreaks.

Pandemic-Relief Debt means any Indebtedness incurred in connection with any Law or program involving any Governmental Authority providing or expanding any loan, guaranty, investment, participation, grant, program or other assistance in response to or to provide relief for the Pandemic, including any loan incurred under the PPP, any U.S. Small Business Administration Economic Injury Disaster Loan, any loan under the Main Street Lending Program announced by the U.S. Department of Treasury and Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve, or any other similar federal, state or local Governmental Authority program.

Pass-Through Tax Return means any Tax Return (such as an IRS Form 1065 and associated IRS Schedules K-1 and corresponding state and local Tax Returns) of the Company (1) with respect to which (i) the Company is treated as a flow-through entity for purposes of such Tax Return, and (ii) any of the income, gain, losses, deductions or other Tax items of the Company reflected on such Tax Returns are allocated to, and reflected on the Tax Returns of, any Seller (or, in the event that a Seller is classified as a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income Tax purposes, the direct or indirect owner of such Seller that is treated as the owner of such Sellers interests in the Company for U.S. federal income Tax purposes) or (2) which is a composite or similar Tax Return. By way of example and without limitation, Tax Returns primarily concerning property Taxes, sales and use Taxes, payroll Taxes, and withholding Taxes (other than any such withholding Taxes associated with a composite or similar Tax Return) are not Pass-Through Tax Returns.

Payroll Tax Executive Order means the Presidential Memorandum on Deferring Payroll Tax Obligations in Light of the Ongoing COVID-19 Disaster, as issued on August 8, 2020, any similar U.S. presidential memorandum, executive order or similar publication permitting or requiring the deferral of any payroll Taxes (including those imposed by Sections 3101(a) and 3201 of the Code) and including any administrative or other guidance published with respect thereto by any Governmental Authority (including IRS Notice 2020-65 and IRS Notice 2021-11). 

Permits mean all franchises, authorizations, consents, approvals, licenses, registrations, certificates, Orders, permits, or other rights and privileges issued by any Governmental Authority.

6

Person means an individual, corporation, partnership, association, trust, unincorporated organization, limited liability company, or other entity or group (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended).

Personal Information means any information that (i) relates to an identified or identifiable natural person, including any employee, contractor, or other individual persons who have provided information to the Company, (ii) Protected Health Information, as that term is defined by HIPAA; or (iii) that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual or household, including without limitation: addresses, telephone numbers, health information, drivers' license numbers, government issued identification numbers, and any nonpublic personally identifiable financial information.

PPP means the Paycheck Protection Program.

PPP Forgivable Uses means uses of proceeds of a loan incurred under the PPP that are eligible for forgiveness under Section 1106 of the CARES Act.

PPP Lendermeans Bank of America, N.A.

PPP Loan Obligation means any and all obligations for borrowed money or funded indebtedness (including obligations in respect of principal, accrued interest, prepayment charges or premiums or any unpaid fees, expenses or other monetary obligations in respect thereof) associated with that certain loan in the original principal amount of $311,057 obtained by the Company on April 15, 2020 from the PPP Lender under the PPP promulgated under the CARES Act.

Pre-Closing Tax Period means any taxable period ending on or before the Closing Date and, for any Straddle Period, the portion through the end of the Closing Date calculated in accordance with Section 6.2.

Proceeding means any legal, administrative, arbitral, or other proceeding, suit, litigation, action, governmental, or regulatory investigation, mediation, audit, examination, or inquiry by or before any Governmental Authority.

Regulation means any rule, regulation, policy, or binding interpretation (regarding such rule, regulation, or policy) of any Governmental Authority.

Representative means, with respect to any Person, its owners, officers, directors, employees, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants, financial, or other advisors or other agents.

Restricted Cash means cash and cash equivalents of the Company held as deposits with third parties, cash and cash equivalents serving as collateral support for letters of credit and any other cash that is not freely usable because it is subject to restrictions or limitations on use or distribution by Law, Contract or otherwise.

Retained Liability means, other than the Assumed Liabilities, any Liability of the Company that is based upon, related to, or arises out of any event, occurrence, state of facts or development occurring or existing at or prior to the Closing, regardless of whether such Liability is disclosed in the Seller Disclosure Schedule, including any Liability relating to, resulting from or arising out of: (A) the Companys operation or ownership of the Business or any other business, including any claim for fraud, recklessness, negligence, malpractice, breach of duty or other tortious act arising from any products sold or services provided by the Company which is not fully covered by insurance; (B) any violation of Law or of the rights of any third Person by the Company or any Seller, including requirements relating to the reporting or payment (or both) of federal, state, local or foreign income, property or other Taxes; (C) any Employee Plan of the Company or any contributions, benefits or liabilities therefor or any liability for withdrawal or partial withdrawal from, or termination of, any Employee Plan of the Company; (D) any claim of any current or former manager, member, shareholder, officer, director or employee of the Company, including any accrued payroll, bonuses, severance, retirement, stock appreciation rights (including under any Phantom Stock Plan), and other compensation and paid time off liabilities; (E) any claims with respect to any distributions, dividends or redemption payments on any securities of the Company, and (F) any Unforgiven Amounts. 

7

Sanctioned Country means any country or region that is, or has been in the past ten (10) years, the subject or target of a comprehensive embargo under applicable sanctions and export control Laws (including Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, Syria and the Crimea or Donetsk and Luhansk regions of Ukraine).

Sanctioned Person means any Person that is the subject or target of sanctions or restrictions under trade Laws, including: (i) any Person listed on any applicable U.S. or non-U.S. sanctions- or export-related restricted party list, including but not limited to OFACs Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List, the EU Consolidated List and HM Treasurys Consolidated List of Persons Subject to Financial Sanctions; (ii) any Person that is, in the aggregate, fifty percent (50%) or greater owned, directly or indirectly, or otherwise controlled by a Person or Persons described in clause (i) so as to subject the Person to sanctions; (iii) any Person acting on behalf of or at the direction of any Person described in clause (i) or (ii); or (iv) any Person that is organized, resident, or located in a Sanctioned Country.

SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933.

Security Breach means:

(i) unauthorized use of, or unauthorized access to, any Company IT Systems;

(ii) inability to access Information or Company IT Systems due to a malicious use, attack or exploit of such Information or systems;

(iii) unauthorized access to or theft of Information;

(iv) unauthorized use of Information by a person with authorized access to such Information for purposes of actual or reasonably suspected theft, fraud or identity theft;

(v) unauthorized disclosure or alteration of Information;

(vi) transmission, injection or installation of any Malicious Code resulting (in whole or part) from the foregoing described in (i) (v); or

(vii) loss of Information, including without limitation, any of the foregoing described in subsections (i) (vi) above caused by or resulting from a failure, breach of, lack of or inadequacy of the Companys technological, physical, administrative and procedural safeguards, including but not limited to policies, procedures, guidelines, practices, standards, controls, hardware, Software, firmware and physical security measures, the function or purpose of which is, in whole or part, to: (A) protect the confidentiality, integrity or availability of Information and Company IT Systems; (B) prevent the unauthorized use of or unauthorized access to Company IT Systems; or (C) prevent a security breach or Malicious Code infection of Company IT Systems, physical intrusion of facilities, theft or loss of documents, laptops or storage media, or employee or contractor malfeasance.

8

Seller Disclosure Schedule means Seller Disclosure Schedule delivered by the Company and the Sellers to Buyer prior to or contemporaneously with the execution of this Agreement.

Seller Fundamental Representations means the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.1 (Organization and Qualification), Section 3.2 (Organizational Documents), Section 3.3 (Title), Section 3.4 (Capitalization), Section 3.5 (Authority; Enforceability), Section 3.15(b) (Title to Assets), the second and third sentences of Section 3.17(a) (Title to Intellectual Property), Section 3.21 (Brokers), and, with respect to Section 8.4 only, Section 3.16 (Taxes). 

Selling Expenses means, in each case solely to the extent not paid prior to the Closing, (a) all out-of-pocket fees, costs, and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Company, any Seller, or their respective Affiliates (whether or not invoiced) as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, including (i) the fees and expenses payable by the Company, any Seller and their Affiliates to Devine, Millimet & Branch, Professional Association, and any other attorneys engaged by the Company or any Seller in connection with this Agreement and the transactions and other agreements contemplated by this Agreement, and (ii) any fees and expenses payable by the Company or any Seller to any other financial advisors, accountants, or other advisors engaged by the Company or any Seller and incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions and other agreements contemplated by this Agreement, (b) any change-in-control, retention, success, stock appreciation, phantom stock, profit sharing or participation or similar transaction-related payments or bonuses payable, whether payable at or following Closing and whether alone or in connection with any other event, including the additional passage of the time, to any current or former employees, agents and consultants of and to the Company, including the employer portion of any payroll, social security, unemployment or similar Taxes with respect to any of the foregoing, and (c) any severance obligations owed by the Company to members, employees, agents and consultants of or to the Company triggered prior to or as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the employer portion of any payroll, social security, unemployment or similar Taxes with respect to any of the foregoing.

Software means computer software and databases, together with object code, source code, firmware, and embedded versions thereof and documentation related thereto.

Straddle Period means any taxable period beginning before and ending after the Closing Date.

Target Closing Date Net Working Capital means Five Million, Four Hundred Thirty-Two Thousand, Four Hundred Sixteen Dollars ($5,432,416.00).

Tax or Taxes means and includes (a) all U.S. or non-U.S. federal, provincial, state or local taxes, charges, fees, imposts, levies or other assessments, including all income, receipts, gross receipts, capital, share, surplus, sales, use, ad valorem, value added, transfer, franchise, profits, windfall or excess profits, capital stock, license, withholding, payroll, employment, social security, unemployment, excise, goods and services, severance, stamp, conveyance, mortgage, registration, documentary, recording, premium, environmental, natural resources, intangibles, rent, occupancy, disability, workers compensation, health care, occupation, alternative minimum, add-on minimum, accumulated earnings, personal holding company, net worth, property and estimated taxes, customs duties, fees, assessments and similar charges (including the obligation to escheat or otherwise turn over abandoned, presumed abandoned or unclaimed property or assets, whether or not currently escheatable or reportable), or other tax of any kind whatsoever and denominated by any name whatsoever imposed by any Governmental Authority, including all interest, penalties, fines, assessments, deficiencies and additions to Tax imposed in connection with any such item whether civil or criminal and whether or not disputed, (b) any liability in respect of any items described in clause (a) above by reason of (i) being a transferee or successor or by having been a member of a combined, consolidated, unitary or other affiliated group (including pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6 or any analogous or similar state, local or non-U.S. Law or regulation) or (ii) Contract or otherwise, and (c) any Tax amounts (including interest and penalties) payable as a result of Section 965 of the Code with respect to any election made under Section 965(h) of the Code.

9

Tax Returns means and includes all returns, statements, declarations, estimates, forms, reports, information returns and any other documents (including all consolidated, affiliated, combined or unitary versions of the same), including all related and supporting information, filed or required to be filed with any Governmental Entity in connection with the determination, assessment, reporting, payment, collection or administration of any Taxes, including any schedule, election, declaration or attachment thereto, and including any amendment or supplement thereof.

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Escrow Agreement and all other instruments, documents, or agreements executed and delivered in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein or therein.

1.2Table of Defined Terms. Terms that are not defined in Section 1.1 have the meanings set forth in the following Sections:

Defined Term 

Section No. 

Interim Financial Statements 

3.10(a)

Accountant 

2.9(b) 

Inventories 

3.27

Acquired Interest 

Recitals 

knowledge of the Sellers 

10.5

Acquired Receivables 

2.7(a) 

Labor Union 

3.14(a)

Acquisition Proposal 

5.11(a) 

Lease 

3.15(a)

Actual EBITDA 

2.8(a) 

Lease Consent 

2.5(j)

Actual Revenue 

2.8(a) 

Lock-Up Agreements 

2.5(g)

Adjustment Indebtedness 

2.7(b) 

Losses 

8.2(a)

Adjustment Selling Expenses 

2.7(b) 

LPTH Stock 

2.1

Adjustment Statement 

2.7(b) 

LPTH Stock Price 

2.8(a)

Affordable Care Act 

3.13(g) 

Material Customers 

3.22(a)

Annual Financial Statements 

3.10(a) 

Material Vendors 

3.22(a)

Balance Sheet Date 

3.10(a) 

Multiemployer Plan 

3.13(e)

Buyer 

Preamble 

Net Working Capital 

2.7(a)

Buyer Approvals 

4.3 

Notice Target 

5.2(a)

Buyer Indemnified Persons 

8.2(a) 

OSHA 

3.14(g)

Buyer Pre-Closing Tax Returns 

6.1(b) 

Outside Date 

9.1(g)

Closing 

2.3 

Pay-Off Indebtedness 

2.2(b)

Closing Date 

2.3 

Phantom Stock Plan 

2.5(l)

Closing Selling Expenses 

2.2(b) 

Policies 

3.19

Closing Shares 

2.2(a) 

Pre-Closing Financial Statements 

5.14

Company 

Preamble 

Pre-Closing Income Tax Return 

6.1(a)

Company Assets 

3.15(c) 

Protest Notice 

2.7(c)

Company Contracts 

3.7(a) 

Proxy Statement 

4.3

Company Intellectual Property 

3.17(a) 

Recipient 

2.8(a)

Company Leased Real Property 

3.15(a) 

Registered Intellectual Property 

3.17(a)

Company Permits 

3.9(b) 

Released Party 

5.8(a)

Consent Target 

5.2(a) 

Response Period 

8.5(b)

Current Assets 

2.7(a) 

Restricted Business 

5.4(a)(i)

Current Liabilities 

2.7(a) 

Restricted Period 

5.4(a)

D&M 

10.16 

Restricted Territory 

5.4(a)(i)

De Minimis Amount 

8.4 

Restrictive Covenants 

5.4(c)

Determination Date 

2.7(b) 

Review Period 

2.9(b)

Earnout Calculation Objection Notice 

2.9(b) 

Sale 

2.4

Earnout Calculation Statement 

2.9(a) 

Scheduled Intellectual Property 

3.17(a)

Earnout Payments 

2.8 

Second Disbursement Date 

8.8(b)

Employee Plan 

3.13(a) 

Seller or Sellers 

Preamble

ERISA 

3.13(a) 

Seller Indemnified Persons 

8.2(b)

Escrow Account 

2.2(b) 

Sellers Representative 

10.18

Excess 

2.7(d) 

Shortfall 

2.7(e)

Final Adjustment Amount 

2.7(d) 

Signing Date 

Preamble

Final Disbursement Date 

8.8(b) 

Target Conversations 

5.2(b)

Financial Statements 

3.10(a) 

Tax Matter 

6.3(a)

Financing 

7.3(h) 

Third Party Claim 

8.5(b)

First Disbursement Date 

8.8(a) 

Threshold 

8.4

Inbound Referral 

2.8(a) 

Tuck-in Merger or Acquisition 

2.8(a)

Indemnification Claim 

8.5(a) 

Trade Control Laws 

3.9(c)

Indemnified Party 

8.5(b) 

Unforgiven Amount 

5.5

Indemnifying Party 

8.5(b) 

Unlawful Payment 

3.8(m)

10

ARTICLE II 

SALE AND PURCHASE

2.1 Purchase Price. The aggregate consideration to be paid for the Acquired Interest shall be the Base Closing Date Purchase Price, plus the Earnout Payments (collectively, the Purchase Price) and shall be paid by Buyer using a combination of cash and Buyers Class A common stock (LPTH Stock). The payment and determination of the form of the Purchase Price shall be made as set forth in Section 2.2 (subject, however, to adjustment pursuant to Section 2.7) and Sections 2.8 and 2.9.

2.2 Closing Date Payments. At the Closing, the Base Closing Date Purchase Price shall be paid as follows:

(a) With respect to the first twenty-five percent (25%) of the Base Closing Date Purchase Price, Buyer shall issue to each Seller, allocated among the Sellers pursuant to the proportions set forth on Schedule 2.2(a), an aggregate number of shares of LPTH Stock equal to (1) twenty-five percent (25%) of the Base Closing Date Purchase Price, divided by (2) the higher of (A) the average closing price of LPTH Stock, as reported by Bloomberg for the five (5) trading days prior to the Signing Date, as equitably adjusted after its determination for any stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, stock combination or similar event occurring during such five (5) trading day period and (B) the Minimum Price pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635 (the Closing Shares).

(b) With respect to the remaining seventy-five percent (75%) of the Base Closing Date Purchase Price, (i) Buyer shall pay, on behalf of the Company, (A) all Closing Date Indebtedness (the Pay-off Indebtedness) to the lender(s) and payee(s) thereof, by wire transfer of immediately available funds in accordance with the pay-off letters delivered pursuant to Section 2.5(e), and (B) all unsatisfied Selling Expenses existing as of Closing (the Closing Selling Expenses) to the payee(s) thereof, by wire transfer of immediately available funds in accordance with the invoices or other documentation to be delivered pursuant to Section 2.5(f); (ii) Buyer shall pay, on behalf of the Sellers, the sum of Two Hundred Thousand Dollars ($200,000.00) to an account designated by Sellers Representative to fund post-Closing third party expenses related to its role as representative of the Sellers; (iii) Buyer shall deposit Two Million Seven Hundred Thousand Dollars ($2,700,000.00) with the Escrow Agent, which shall hold and maintain such amount in an interest bearing escrow account pursuant to the Escrow Agreement (the Escrow Account), for the purpose of providing a non-exclusive fund for the payment of certain payment and indemnification obligations of the Sellers pursuant to this Agreement, if any, and will be released to Buyer, Sellers or both in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement; and (iv) Buyer shall pay the remainder of the Base Closing Date Purchase Price to the Sellers in the proportions set forth on Schedule 2.2(a), by wire transfer of immediately available funds to accounts designated by such Sellers at least two (2) Business Days before the Closing Date.

11

2.3 Closing. The closing of the Sale (the Closing) shall take place at the offices of Baker & Hostetler LLP, 200 South Orange Avenue, Suite 2300, Orlando, Florida 32801 (or at such other location as the Parties may agree or via the electronic exchange of execution versions of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents and the signature pages thereto via email or .pdf) on a date and time to be mutually agreed upon by the Parties, not later than five (5) Business Days following the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions to the Closing set forth in Article VII (other than conditions which, by their nature are to be satisfied on the Closing Date). The date on which the Closing occurs is referred to herein as the Closing Date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Closing shall be effective for all purposes at 12:01 a.m. (Orlando, Florida) on the Closing Date.

2.4 Sale and Purchase. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, effective as of the Closing Date, and in reliance upon the representations, warranties, and covenants set forth herein, the Sellers shall sell, and Buyer shall acquire from the Sellers, all of the Acquired Interests in exchange for the Purchase Price, free and clear of any Liens (the Sale).

2.5 Deliveries by the Sellers. At the Closing, the Sellers shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Buyer the following:

(a) an instrument of assignment executed by each Seller, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Buyer, evidencing the transfer of its respective Acquired Interests to Buyer, free and clear of all Liens;

(b) (i) a copy of the certificate of formation (or equivalent organizational document) of the Company certified by the secretary of state (or equivalent Governmental Authority) of the jurisdiction of organization of the Company, (ii) a copy of the limited liability company or operating agreement of the Company, and (iii) a copy of the resolutions of the governing body of the Company authorizing the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, to the extent required by the Companys limited liability company agreement, each certified by an officer of the Company;

(c) a certificate of the New Hampshire Secretary of State as to the good standing of the Company in such jurisdiction, dated no earlier than thirty (30) days prior to the Closing Date;

(d) written resignations of the managers and officers of the Company designated by Buyer at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, effective as of the Closing, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Buyer;

(e) pay-off letter(s) and Lien release documentation and/or authorization from the lender(s) or other payee(s) of the Pay-Off Indebtedness, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Buyer, setting forth the full amount due and owing as of the Closing Date necessary for the satisfaction and discharge of all such indebtedness;

(f) invoices or other documentation from the payee(s) of the Closing Selling Expenses, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Buyer, setting forth the full amount due and owing as of the Closing Date necessary for the satisfaction and discharge of all such expenses;

12

(g) an Investor Representation and Lock-Up Agreement between Buyer and each Seller, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C, dated as of the Closing Date and executed by such Seller (the Lock-Up Agreements);

(h) a duly completed and properly executed IRS Form W-9 from each Seller (or if the applicable Seller is disregarded as separate from its owner for U.S. federal income Tax purposes, the applicable direct or indirect parent of such Seller) and Sellers Representative, in each case dated as of the Closing Date;

(i) all approvals, consents, estoppels and waivers set forth on Schedule 2.5, duly executed by the applicable party or parties;

(j) a landlord estoppel and consent to assignment of lease, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D, dated as of the Closing Date and executed by the Company and the applicable landlord (the Lease Consent);

(k) evidence reasonably satisfactory to Buyer that all phantom stock plans, agreements or similar equity-based compensation arrangements of the Company (collectively, Phantom Stock Plans) have been (or will be as a result of the Closing) terminated and settled, which termination shall include a release from each participant in any Phantom Stock Plan that such participant has no further right or claims with respect thereto;

(l) evidence reasonably satisfactory to Buyer that (i) any and all limited liability company agreements, operating agreements, buy-sell agreements or similar agreements with respect to the Company, and (ii) any and all Contracts with any Affiliates of any Seller have been terminated without liability to Buyer or any Buyer Affiliated Company (including the Company after the Closing);

(m) the Escrow Agreement duly executed by Sellers Representative and the Escrow Agent;

(n) an Irrevocable Proxy by the Sellers, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E, dated as of the Closing Date and executed by the Sellers; and

(o) such other deliverables requested by Buyer as may be necessary or appropriate to effect the transactions contemplated hereby.

2.6 Deliveries by Buyer. At the Closing, Buyer shall pay the Base Closing Date Purchase Price in accordance with Section 2.2 and deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Sellers and Sellers Representative, as applicable:

(a) the Lease Consent, executed by the Company as tenant;

(b) the Lock-up Agreements, executed by Buyer;

(c) the Escrow Agreement, executed by Buyer; and

(d) such other deliverables requested by Sellers Representative as may be necessary or appropriate to effect the transactions contemplated hereby.

13

2.7 Post-Closing Adjustment.

(a) Net Working Capital means the amount of Current Assets minus Current Liabilities. Current Assets means, without duplication, the sum of (i) trade and other accounts receivable and other rights of the Company to receive payment for revenue, fees and commissions for the provision of products or services rendered by the Company with respect to the Business prior to the Closing, whether billed or unbilled (the Acquired Receivables), (ii) prepaid expenses (including prepaid Taxes), (iii) inventory, and (iv) other current assets; provided, that deferred Tax assets shall be excluded from this definition. Current Liabilities means, without duplication, the sum of (1) trade and other accounts payable, (2) accrued payroll and related expenses, (3) other current accruals, (4) customer deposits, and (5) other current liabilities; provided, that deferred Tax liabilities shall be excluded from this definition. For purposes of this Agreement, Net Working Capital shall be determined in accordance with GAAP and consistent with the methodologies used in calculating the sample Net Working Capital as of September 30, 2024 that is attached hereto as Schedule 2.7(a).

(b) As promptly as practicable (but in no event later than sixty (60) days after the Closing Date) (the Determination Date), Sellers Representative shall deliver to Buyer (i) a balance sheet of the Company as of the Closing Date, and (ii) a written statement setting forth in reasonable detail its determination of Actual Revenue (as defined in Section 2.8(a)) for the 2024 calendar year, in each case with reasonable supporting detail. As soon as reasonably practicable after the Determination Date, but not later than sixty (60) days thereafter, Buyer shall prepare and deliver to Sellers Representative a reasonably detailed statement (the Adjustment Statement) setting forth Buyers calculations of the Closing Date Cash on Hand, the Closing Date Net Working Capital, the Closing Date Indebtedness not satisfied at Closing (the Adjustment Indebtedness), any unpaid Selling Expenses existing after the Closing (the Adjustment Selling Expenses), any Clawback Amount, and the Adjustment Amount based on the foregoing. Upon receipt of the Adjustment Statement, Buyer shall, and shall cause the Company to, provide Sellers Representative and its advisors with commercially reasonable access, during normal business hours, to the Companys books and records (including working papers, schedules and calculations) reasonably relating to the preparation of the Adjustment Statement, including by Buyers making any applicable records available in electronic form where reasonably requested. Sellers Representative and its advisors may make inquiries of the personnel of Buyer and the Company that were involved in the preparation of the Adjustment Statement regarding questions concerning or disagreements with the Adjustment Statement arising in the course of their review thereof, and Buyer shall, and shall cause the Company to, cooperate, in good faith with Sellers Representative and its advisors with respect to such inquiries.

(c) Within sixty (60) days after delivery of the Adjustment Statement, Sellers Representative may deliver written notice (a Protest Notice) to Buyer of any objections that Sellers Representative may have with respect to the Adjustment Statement, setting forth in reasonable detail the basis of such objection(s) together with the amount(s) in dispute. Any amount not specifically disputed in the Protest Notice shall be final, conclusive, and binding on the Parties. If Sellers Representative does not timely deliver a Protest Notice within such sixty (60) day period, the Adjustment Statement shall be final, conclusive, and binding on the Parties. Upon receipt of a Protest Notice, Buyer and Sellers Representative shall attempt in good faith to resolve any dispute regarding the Adjustment Statement (and all such discussions related thereto shall, unless otherwise agreed by Buyer and Sellers Representative, be governed by Rule 408 of the Federal Rules of Evidence (and any applicable similar state rule)). If Buyer and Seller are unable to resolve any disagreement with respect to the Adjustment Statement within sixty (60) days following Buyers receipt of the Protest Notice, then such dispute shall be submitted to the Accountant (in the manner described in, and pursuant to the terms and conditions of, Section 2.9(b) as though such section applied to resolved disputes over the Adjusted Statements as well), who shall be engaged to provide a final and conclusive resolution of all unresolved disputes within thirty (30) days after such engagement. The resolution of all disputes that are the subject of the Protest Notice by the Accountant shall be final and binding on the Parties. Each of Sellers Representative and Buyer shall allow the other party and its Representatives full and commercially reasonable access to the other parties books and records relating to the Company and appropriate personnel for purposes of preparing and reviewing the working papers, trial balances and similar materials relating to preparation and review of the Adjustment Statement.

14

(d) If the Adjustment Amount, as finally determined pursuant to Section 2.7(c) above (the Final Adjustment Amount), is greater than zero (an Excess), then within five (5) Business Days after the date on which the Final Adjustment Amount is finally determined, Buyer shall pay, or cause to be paid, to Sellers Representative by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account(s) designated in writing by Sellers Representative at least two (2) Business Days prior to the due date, an aggregate amount equal to the Excess, which aggregate amount shall be allocated among the Sellers in the proportions set forth on Schedule 2.2(a).

(e) If the Final Adjustment Amount is less than zero (a Shortfall), then within five (5) Business Days after the date on which the Final Adjustment Amount is finally determined, Buyer and Sellers Representative shall instruct the Escrow Agent to release to Buyer from the Escrow Account an amount equal to the Shortfall, and if the funds in the Escrow Account are insufficient to fund the entire Shortfall payable to Buyer, the Sellers, shall pay to Buyer their pro rata share (based on the proportions set forth on Schedule 2.2(a)) of the remaining portion of the Shortfall by wire transfer of immediately available funds within five (5) Business Days after the date on which the Final Adjustment Amount is finally determined to the account designated in writing by Buyer at least two (2) Business Days prior to the due date.

(f) Any payments made by Buyer or the Sellers pursuant to this Section 2.7 (other than fees paid to the Accountant) shall be treated by the Parties as an adjustment to the purchase price of the Acquired Interests for U.S. income tax purposes, unless otherwise required by applicable Law.

2.8 Earnout Payments. The Sellers will be entitled to receive, in the aggregate, the Year One Earnout Payment (as defined in Section 2.8(b)), if earned, and/or the Year Two Earnout Payment (as defined in Section 2.8(c)), if earned, in accordance with this Section 2.8 and pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 2.9 (each, an Earnout Payment and collectively, the Earnout Payments). The Parties agree that any Earnout Payment will be treated as additional Purchase Price, and no Party will take any position on any Tax Return, in any Proceeding or otherwise, inconsistent with this Section 2.8 unless required by Law. Following the Closing, Buyer shall not take any actions with the intent and for the purpose of preventing the G5 Business Unit from achieving Actual EBITDA targets so that Buyer can avoid making Earnout Payments to the Sellers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Sellers acknowledge and agree that Buyers Board of Directors and management owe fiduciary duties to stockholders and other stakeholders with respect to Buyer as a whole and must be free to exercise their business judgment and discretion in connection with the operation of Buyers business, including that of the G5 Business Unit, allocation of resources, including cash, and organizational priorities. Buyer acknowledges that the G5 Business Unit may require resources, including cash, and support from Buyer in order to facilitate business growth and will provide such resources and support as Buyer from time to time determines are reasonable, necessary or desirable in light of the needs and goals of Buyer for the organization as a whole while considering the needs and goals of the G5 Business Unit.

15

(a) Definitions. For the purposes of this Agreement, the following definitions shall apply:

Actual EBIDTA means, for any period, the earnings generated by the Company during such period directly from the operation of the Business, for any period (or portion thereof) prior to the Closing, by the Company, and, for any period (or portion thereof) after the Closing, by the G5 Business Unit (but excluding any earnings resulting or derived from any Tuck-in Mergers or Acquisitions), after giving effect to deduction of or provision for all operating and other actual expenses of the Business, all Taxes and reserves (including reserves for deferred Taxes) and all other proper deductions (but excluding any operating or other expenses (i) not directly attributable to the Business or its managers or employees (including costs directly attributable to the integration of the G5 Business Unit into Buyer, net of cost-savings of the G5 Business Unit resulting from such integration (as reasonably determined by Buyer), and (ii) associated with the following, in each case as instituted by Buyer after the Closing without the consent of Kenneth Greenslade or Louis Fantozzi, (A) any payroll or compensation increases, including retention or other extraordinary bonus payments, for current employees of the Company other than customary annual or market increases determined by Buyer after consultation with Kenneth Greenslade or Louis Fantozzi, and (B) expansion of staff other than hiring to replace personnel lost through attrition for any reason or to accommodate growth in the business of the G5 Business Unit as determined by Buyer after consultation with Kenneth Greenslade or Louis Fantozzi), all determined in accordance with GAAP, provided that there shall be excluded:

(A) any restoration of any contingency reserve, except to the extent that provision for such reserve was made out of income during such period;

(B) any net gains or losses on the sale or other disposition, not in the ordinary course of business, of capital assets of the Business, provided that there shall also be excluded any related charges for Taxes thereon;

(C) any net gain arising from any non-recurring sale or revenue item that is outside of the ordinary course of business;

(D) any net gain arising from the collection of the proceeds of any insurance policy;

(E) any general, sales, or administrative overhead expenses or management or oversight fees of Buyer or any other Buyer Affiliated Company, other than such expenses that are directly attributable to the Business or its managers or employees;

(F) any write-up of any asset;

(G) interest expense for the period;

(H) federal, state and local income Taxes for the period; and

16

(I) all amounts properly charged for depreciation of fixed assets and amortization of intangible assets during the period.

Actual Revenue means, for any period, the total revenue generated, for any period (or portion thereof) prior to the Closing, by the Company, and, for any period (or portion thereof) after the Closing, by the G5 Business Unit (but excluding any revenue resulting or derived from any Tuck-in Mergers or Acquisitions), determined in accordance with GAAP; provided, however, for purposes of determining Actual Revenue for any period after the Closing, fifty percent (50%) of any revenue generated by the G5 Business Unit resulting or derived from an in-bound referral or cross-selling from any Buyer Affiliated Company (other than the Company) or from any business unit of Buyer other than the G5 Business Unit (each an Inbound Referral), shall be excluded. Buyer or such Buyer Affiliated Company (other than the Company) shall identify any order resulting or derived from an Inbound Referral as such either prior to or within five (5) Business Days after of delivery of such order to the G5 Business Unit by notifying in writing (with email communication acceptable) Kenneth R. Greenslade and Louis R. Fantozzi or their designees (each a Recipient). A Recipient shall have five (5) Business Days from receipt of such notice to object to whether it constitutes an Inbound Referral or originated from the G5 Business Unit. Upon receipt of such objection, the Recipient and an executive officer of Buyer shall negotiate in good faith to resolve such dispute within five (5) Business Days thereof. If a Recipient fails to respond or the Parties are unable to resolve such dispute within such applicable timeframes, the order shall be deemed to be an Inbound Referral.

Earnout Commencement Date means the first day of the first full calendar month commencing after the Closing Date, unless the Closing Date is the first day of a calendar month, in which case, the Earnout Commencement Date shall be the Closing Date.

G5 Business Unit means the Company and/or any business unit of Buyer operating through the use of the assets of the Company after the Closing.

LPTH Stock Price means the higher of (1) the average closing price of LPTH Stock, as reported by Bloomberg for the ten (10) trading days prior to (a) the first anniversary of the Closing Date, for purposes of Section 2.8(b) and (b) the second anniversary of the Closing Date, for purposes of Section 2.8(c), as equitably adjusted from time to time after its determination for any stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, stock combination or similar event occurring during either of such ten (10) day periods, and (2) the Minimum Price pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635 applicable to each of such dates,

Tuck-in Merger or Acquisition means any merger with or acquisition of any business in which any portion of the acquisition consideration is obtained from Buyer or any Buyer Affiliated Company to pay for such businesss assets or equity.

Year One Actual EBITDA means the Actual EBITDA for the one-year period commencing on the Earnout Commencement Date.

Year One Actual Revenue means the Actual Revenue for the one-year period commencing on the Earnout Commencement Date.

Year One Minimum EBITDA means an amount equal to twenty percent (20%) of Year One Actual Revenue.

Year One Minimum Revenue means an amount equal to Twenty-One Million Dollars ($21,000,000.00).

17

Year Two Actual EBITDA means the Actual EBITDA for the one-year period commencing on the first anniversary of the Earnout Commencement Date.

Year Two Actual Revenue means the Actual Revenue for the one-year period commencing on the first anniversary of the Earnout Commencement Date.

Year Two Minimum EBITDA means an amount equal to twenty percent (20%) of Year Two Actual Revenue.

Year Two Minimum Revenue means an amount equal to Thirty Million Dollars ($30,000,000.00).

(b) Year One Earnout Payment. If (i) the Year One Actual EBITDA is greater than the Year One Minimum EBITDA, (ii) the Year One Actual Revenue is greater than the Year One Minimum Revenue, the Year One Earnout Payment shall be Three Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($3,500,000.00); provided, however, the Year One Earnout Payment shall be (A) Seven Million Dollars ($7,000,000.00) if the Year One Actual Revenue is greater than Twenty-Three Million Dollars ($23,000,000.00), (B) Ten Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($10,500,000.00) if the Year One Actual Revenue is greater than Twenty-Five Million Dollars ($25,000,000.00), and (C) Fourteen Million Dollars ($14,000,000.00) if the Year One Actual Revenue is greater than Twenty-Seven Million Dollars ($27,000,000.00). The Year One Earnout Payment, if any, shall be paid within ninety (90) days after the first anniversary of the Earnout Commencement Date, as follows: (x) Buyer shall issue to Sellers Representative, on behalf of the Sellers, allocated among the Sellers in the proportions set forth on Schedule 2.2(a), an aggregate number of shares of LPTH Stock equal to (1) thirty percent (30%) of the Year One Earnout Payment, divided by (2) the applicable LPTH Stock Price, and (y) Buyer shall pay to Sellers Representative, on behalf of the Sellers, in cash via wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by Sellers Representative, an amount equal to seventy percent (70%) of the Year One Earnout Payment, which aggregate amount shall thereafter be allocated among the Sellers in the proportions set forth on Schedule 2.2(a).

(c) Year Two Earnout Payment. If (i) the Year Two Actual EBITDA is greater than the Year Two Minimum EBITDA, (ii) the Year Two Actual Revenue is greater than the Year Two Minimum Revenue, the Year Two Earnout Payment shall be Four Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($4,500,000.00); provided, however, the Year Two Earnout Payment shall be Nine Million Dollars ($9,000,000.00) if the Year Two Actual Revenue is greater than Thirty-Three Million Dollars ($33,000,000.00). The Year Two Earnout Payment, if any, shall be paid within ninety (90) days after the second anniversary of the Earnout Commencement Date, as follows: (x) Buyer shall issue to Sellers Representative, on behalf of the Sellers, allocated among the Sellers in the proportions set forth on Schedule 2.2(a), an aggregate number of shares of LPTH Stock equal to (1) thirty percent (30%) of the Year Two Earnout Payment, divided by (2) the applicable LPTH Stock Price, and (y) Buyer shall pay to Sellers Representative, on behalf of the Sellers, in cash via wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by Sellers Representative, an amount equal to seventy percent (70%) of the Year Two Earnout Payment, which aggregate amount shall thereafter be allocated among the Sellers in the proportions set forth on Schedule 2.2(a).

2.9 Procedures Applicable to Determination of the Earnout Payments.

(a) Concurrently with the payment of each Earnout Payment, Buyer shall prepare and deliver to Sellers Representative a written statement (an Earnout Calculation Statement) setting forth in reasonable detail its determination of such Earnout Payment.

18

(b) Sellers Representative shall have the greater of (i) forty-five (45) days after receipt of the Earnout Calculation Statement, or (ii) twenty (20) days after Sellers Representative has received any backup or supporting information reasonably requested by Sellers Representative (provided such request is made within twenty-five (25) days after receipt of the Earnout Calculation Statement) (the Review Period) to review the Earnout Calculation Statement and the calculations set forth therein. During the Review Period, Sellers Representative and its advisors shall have the right to inspect the Companys books and records during normal business hours at the Companys offices, upon reasonable prior notice and solely for purposes reasonably related to the determination of the applicable Earnout Payment. Prior to the expiration of the Review Period, Sellers Representative must object to any of the calculations set forth in the Earnout Calculation Statement by delivering a written notice of objection (an Earnout Calculation Objection Notice) to Buyer. The Earnout Calculation Objection Notice shall describe the items in the Earnout Calculation Statement that are disputed by Sellers Representative and shall describe in reasonable detail the basis for such objection, as well as the amount in dispute and Sellers Representatives determination of the applicable Earnout Payment based on its objections. If Sellers Representative fails to deliver an Earnout Calculation Objection Notice to Buyer prior to the expiration of the Review Period, then Buyers calculations set forth in the Earnout Calculation Statement shall be final and binding on the Parties. If Sellers Representative timely delivers an Earnout Calculation Objection Notice, Buyer and Sellers Representative shall negotiate in good faith to resolve the disputed items and agree upon the resulting amount of the applicable Earnout Payment. If Buyer and Sellers Representative are unable to reach agreement within thirty (30) days after such an Earnout Calculation Objection Notice has been given, all unresolved disputed items (but only such unresolved disputed items) shall be promptly referred by the Parties to Marcum LLP or such other independent accounting firm selected by an agreement between Sellers Representative and Buyer (the Accountant), who, acting as an arbitrator, shall be engaged to provide a final and conclusive resolution of all unresolved disputes, and the resulting calculation of the applicable Earnout Payment, within thirty (30) days after such engagement. The fees and expenses of the Accountant shall be borne equally by Sellers, on the one hand, and Buyer, on the other hand. The Accountant shall be directed to render a written report on the unresolved disputed items with respect to the calculation of the applicable Earnout Payment as promptly as practicable, but in no event later than thirty (30) days after such submission to the Accountant, and to resolve only those unresolved disputed items set forth in the Earnout Calculation Objection Notice. If unresolved disputed items are submitted to the Accountant, Buyer and Sellers Representative shall each furnish to the Accountant such work papers, schedules and other documents and information relating to the unresolved disputed items as the Accountant may reasonably request. The Accountant shall resolve the disputed items based solely on the applicable definitions and other terms in this Agreement and the presentations by Buyer and Sellers Representative, and not by independent review. The resolution of all disputes that are the subject of the Earnout Calculation Objection Notice, and the resulting calculation of the applicable Earnout Payment, by the Accountant shall be final and binding on the Parties.

(c) Subject to the terms of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, subsequent to the Closing, Buyer shall have the right to own, operate and control the Company and its business in its sole and absolute discretion after Closing, provided that, during the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the second anniversary of the Earnout Commencement Date, without the written consent of Sellers Representative: (i) Buyer shall account for the Company and the Business as operated by the Company as a separate business unit (and maintain the Company and the Business as operated by the Company as a separate reporting unit), (ii) general, sales, or administrative overhead expenses of Buyer or any Buyer Affiliated Company (other than such expenses that are directly attributable to the Business or its managers or employees) will not be allocated to the Company or the Business as operated by Company for purposes of determining Actual EBITDA or Actual Revenue pursuant to this Section 2.9, (iii) the Company will be maintained as a separate legal entity, will continue to house and operate the Business, and will not merge with or acquire a significant portion of the stock or assets of any other Person, and (iv) no Seller employed by the Company after Closing will be assigned additional responsibilities that unreasonably and materially interfere with his or her devoting substantially all of his or her time to the operation of the Company, taking into account the fact that the Company will be a subsidiary of a larger and integrated organization after the Closing that will require some responsibilities that are different from or in addition to those required prior to the Closing; provided, however, that no claim can be made under this clause (iv) unless Sellers Representative has provided written notice to Buyer of the existence of the specific circumstances Sellers Representative believes violates this clause (iv) within thirty (30) days after the initial existence of such circumstances and Buyer has failed to cure such circumstances within thirty (30) days of receiving such notice. Except as expressly set forth in this Section 2.9(c), Buyer has no (and each Seller explicitly disclaims any) express or implied obligations to operate the Company or conduct its business in any particular manner after Closing; provided, however, that Buyer shall not, directly or indirectly, take any actions in bad faith with the primary purpose of avoiding or reducing any Earnout Payment hereunder. Nothing in this Agreement creates a fiduciary duty on the part of Buyer to any Seller in respect of any Earnout Payment.

19

2.10 Purchase Price Allocation.Within sixty (60) days following the determination of the Final Adjustment Amount, Buyer shall deliver to Sellers Representative an allocation statement with its allocation of the Purchase Price (and any other amounts required by Law to be included in such allocation) in accordance with Section 1060 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder (and any similar provisions of state, local, or non-U.S. Law, as appropriate) consistent with the methodology set forth on Schedule 2.10; provided, however, that the allocation to restrictive covenants shall not exceed Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) in the aggregate; provided, further, that the Parties acknowledge and agree that this limitation shall not in any way limit any available recoveries of Buyer Indemnified Persons for any violations or breaches of any restrictive covenants set forth in Section 5.4 of this Agreement. If Sellers Representative does not notify Buyer in writing within thirty (30) calendar days following Sellers Representatives receipt of the allocation that Sellers Representative objects to the allocation, the allocation as delivered by Buyer shall be final and binding upon the Parties. If within such 30-calendar day period Sellers Representative so notifies Buyer in writing (along with a reasonable explanation of the basis of any such disputed item), Buyer and Sellers Representative shall negotiate in good faith to resolve the disputed matters. If Buyer and Sellers Representative are unable to resolve all of the disputed matters within thirty (30) calendar days following Buyers receipt of Sellers Representatives written notice of objection, Buyer and Sellers Representative shall promptly refer the dispute to the Accountant, and the Accountant shall make a determination (in the manner described in, and pursuant to the terms and conditions of, Section 2.9(b) as though such section applied to resolved disputes over the allocation as well) as to the disputed matters and shall revise the allocation as necessary (and consistent with the allocation methodology set forth on Schedule 2.10 to reflect such determination. The Accountants determination with respect to such disputed matters and the revised Allocation Schedule it prepares shall be final and binding upon the parties; provided that the Accountant shall only decide the specific items under dispute by the Parties and their decision for each disputed matter must be within the range of values assigned to each item by the Parties. The Parties agree, for all Tax purposes, to be bound by any final and binding allocation established in accordance with this Section 2.10. Neither the Parties nor any of their respective Affiliates shall take any position on any Tax Return or in any Tax Proceeding which is inconsistent with the allocation unless otherwise required by a final determination within the meaning of Section 1313(a) of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local or non-U.S. Tax Law); provided, that if there are any subsequent adjustments to the Purchase Price pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the Parties agree to update the allocation on a basis consistent with the original allocation, prepare and file all Tax Returns (including amended Tax Returns and claims for refund) in a manner consistent with the updated allocation, and neither the Parties nor any of their respective Affiliates shall take any position on any Tax Return or in any Tax contest, proceeding, audit, appeals or litigation which is inconsistent with such updated allocation unless otherwise required by a final determination within the meaning of Section 1313(a) of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local or non-U.S. Tax Law).

20

2.11 Intended Tax Treatment. The Parties agree that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will be treated as a transaction governed by IRS Revenue Ruling 99-6, 1999-1 C.B. 432 (Situation 2). The Parties further agree that for New Hampshire taxation purposes, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will be treated as a sale of equity interests by the Sellers and that no step-up in basis of the assets of the Company will occur for New Hampshire Business Profits Tax purposes. Accordingly, the Parties agree that no election shall be made pursuant to N.H. RSA 77-A:4, XIV(b) to recognize, for New Hampshire Business Profits Tax purposes, the basis increase of assets of the Company which occurs for federal income tax purposes as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. As a result, the Parties acknowledge that for tax years ending after the Closing Date, the Company shall be required pursuant to N.H. RSA 77-A:4, XIV(a) to add to its gross business profits an amount equal to the additional annual depreciation or amortization due to the federal basis increase in its assets as well as to recognize gain or loss on the sale of such assets without regard to such basis increase. No Party will take any position on any Tax Return, in any Proceeding or otherwise, inconsistent with this Section 2.11 unless required by Law.

2.12 Withholding. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, or any other provision of any other Transaction Document to the contrary, any Person that may be required by Law to deduct and withhold from any amounts payable to any Person pursuant to this Agreement, any other Transaction Document, or any other agreement as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, shall be entitled to deduct and withhold all such amounts as it is required to deduct and withhold in connection with the foregoing under or in respect of any provision of Law. Any amounts so deducted and withheld shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement, and each other applicable agreement, as having been paid to the Person in respect of which such amount was payable to prior to any such deduction or withholding. Payor shall consider any applicable and fully and properly completed documentation or certifications to reduce or eliminate the amount of withholding to the extent permitted under applicable Law provided to the payor in advance of any payment date.

ARTICLE III 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLERS

Except as set forth in Seller Disclosure Schedule, the Sellers hereby jointly and severally represent and warrant to Buyer as follows:

3.1 Organization and Qualification. The Company is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing, and subsisting under the Laws of New Hampshire and has all the requisite limited liability company power and authority to own, lease, and operate its properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted. Schedule 3.1 sets forth each jurisdiction in which the Company is duly licensed or qualified to do business, and the Company is duly licensed or qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in which the Laws of such jurisdiction, the ownership, operation, or leasing of its properties or assets, or the conduct of its business require it to be so qualified. The Company does not own or have any interest in any shares or otherwise have an ownership interest in any other Person.

3.2 Organizational Documents. The Sellers have made available to Buyer true and complete copies of the Organizational Documents of the Company as presently in effect. There are no other Organizational Documents in effect other than those set forth on Schedule 3.2. The Company is not in violation of any of its respective Organizational Documents.

21

3.3 Title. Each Seller (a) owns of record and beneficially and has good and valid title to the Acquired Interests set forth on Schedule 3.3, free and clear of all Liens and (b) has full power, right, and authority to sell or contribute, assign, transfer, and deliver the Acquired Interests to Buyer. No financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code or similar Law naming any Seller as debtor and describing its equity interests in the Company as collateral has been filed in any jurisdiction, and no Seller is a party to or bound under any agreement or legal obligation authorizing any party to file any such financing statement.

3.4 Capitalization.

(a) The authorized, issued and outstanding membership interests of the Company consist entirely of the Acquired Interests set forth on Schedule 3.4(a), all of which are owned beneficially and of record by the Sellers as set forth on Schedule 3.4(a), in all cases free and clear of all Liens. The Acquired Interests represent one hundred percent (100%) of the outstanding equity interests of the Company. All of the equity interests of the Company are validly issued, fully paid, and nonassessable. The Acquired Interests were issued in compliance with applicable Laws, and were not issued in violation of the Organizational Documents of the Company or any other agreement, arrangement, or commitment to which any Seller or the Company is a party and are not subject to or in violation of any preemptive or similar rights of any Person. As of the Closing, the transactions contemplated hereby will have been effected in compliance with all applicable Laws and will not have been in violation the Organizational Documents of the Company or any other agreement, arrangement, or commitment to which any Seller or the Company is a party and will not be subject to or in violation of any preemptive or similar rights of any Person.

(b) None of the Acquired Interests are subject to any purchase option, call option, right of first refusal, first offer, co-sale or participation, preemptive right, subscription right, or any similar right, except as expressly set forth in the Organizational Documents of the Company.

(c) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.4(c), (i) there are no outstanding securities, options, warrants, calls, rights, convertible, or exchangeable securities or obligations of any kind (contingent or otherwise) to which the Company or any Seller is a party or by which it is bound obligating the Company or any Seller to issue, deliver, or sell any equity securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable for equity securities of the Company or obligating the Company to issue, grant, extend, or enter into any such security, option, warrant, call, right, or obligation; (ii) there are no outstanding obligations of the Company to repurchase, redeem, or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any securities (or options or warrants to acquire any such securities) of the Company; (iii) the Company is not a party to or bound by any Contract granting any equity, option, equity appreciation, phantom equity, profit participation, or similar right or any participation right in the revenue or profits of the Company; and (iv) there are no Contracts with respect to the (A) voting of any membership interest of the Company (including any proxy or manager nomination rights) or (B) transfer of, or transfer restrictions on, any membership interest of the Company.

(d) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.4(d), the Company does not have any Indebtedness.

3.5 Authority; Enforceability. Each Seller has the requisite power, capacity and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, each other Transaction Document to which it is a party, and each instrument required to be executed and delivered by it prior to or at the Closing and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery by each Seller and the Company of this Agreement, each other Transaction Document, and each instrument required to be executed and delivered by it prior to or at the Closing, the performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly and validly authorized. No other actions on the part of any Seller or the Company are necessary to authorize this Agreement, any Transaction Document to which it is a party, or any instrument required to be executed and delivered by it prior to or at the Closing or the consummation of transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. This Agreement, each other Transaction Document to which it is a party, and each instrument required to be executed and delivered by it has been duly and validly executed and delivered by each Seller and the Company and, assuming the due authorization, execution, and delivery thereof by the other parties thereto, constitutes a legal, valid, and binding obligation of each Seller and the Company, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium, and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally and general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

22

3.6 No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.6, the execution and delivery by each Seller and the Company of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents to which they are a party, or any instrument required by this Agreement to be executed and delivered by each Seller and the Company on or prior to the Closing do not, and the performance of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and any instrument required by this Agreement to be executed and delivered by it on or prior to the Closing shall not, with or without the passage of time, the giving of notice or both, (i) conflict with, require a consent or notice under, or violate the Organizational Documents of the Company or, if applicable, each Seller, (ii) conflict with, require a consent or notice under, or violate any Law or any Order applicable to any Seller or the Company or by which any of its properties, rights, or assets is bound or affected, or (iii) result in any breach or violation of, require a consent or notice under, constitute a default under, impair the rights or alter the rights or obligations of any party under, give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration, or cancellation of any Contract to which the Company is a party or by which the Company or its properties, rights, or assets is bound; or (iv) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of the properties, rights or assets of the Company. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.6, no Governmental Approval of, or Filing to, any Governmental Authority or other Person is required to be obtained or made by any Seller or the Company in connection with the execution, delivery, and performance by any Seller or the Company of this Agreement or the Transaction Documents to which any Seller or the Company is a party or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

3.7 Company Contracts.

(a) Schedule 3.7(a) sets forth a true and complete list of all Contracts to which the Company is a party or is otherwise bound as of the Signing Date (Company Contracts), which list shall be separated by the following categories:

(i) any agreement for the employment of any officer, employee, or other individual on a full-time or consulting basis;

(ii) Contracts, including those with customers, involving (A) revenues or receipts in excess of $20,000 or (B) expenditures or payables in excess of $20,000, in the aggregate during the twelve (12) months ended on the Balance Sheet Date, in each case, that are not cancelable by the Company without liability for penalty upon sixty (60) days notice or less;

(iii) Contracts relating to Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness of the type described in clauses (vi) through (ix) of the definition thereof or involving less than $10,000), including each material agreement guaranteeing, or providing security for, Indebtedness;

23

(iv) Contracts containing covenants limiting the freedom of the Company to (A) compete with any Person or in any line of business or in any geographic area or (B) use, develop, distribute, or exploit any Company Intellectual Property owned or exclusively licensed by the Company (including exclusive license grants thereof to any Person);

(v) Contracts involving a joint venture, partnership, or similar arrangement;

(vi) leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses, or similar Contracts (A) representing an interest in or in respect of (1) any real property or (2) any other tangible rights, assets, or properties or (B) pursuant to which the Company (1) has been granted a license, covenant-not-to-sue, co-existence agreement, settlement agreement, or other right, title, or interest with respect to any Company Intellectual Property from any third Person, or (2) has granted a license, covenant-not-to-sue, co-existence agreement, settlement agreement, or other right, title, or interest with respect to any Company Intellectual Property owned or exclusively licensed by the Company to any third Person, other than non-exclusive licenses granted by the Company to its customers in the ordinary course of business (each Contract contemplated by this clause (B), an IP License);

(vii) Contracts pursuant to which the Company has agreed to settle or compromise any pending or threatened Proceeding, other than settlement agreements entered into prior to the Signing Date under which the Company does not have any continuing obligations, liabilities, or rights (excluding immaterial releases);

(viii) collective bargaining agreements, labor Contracts, or other Contracts with any labor union, any employee organization, or any other employee representative body;

(ix) Contracts relating to the future disposition or acquisition of a business by the Company, any merger or business combination with respect to any Company, any completed business acquisition or disposition by the Company within the last year, or pursuant to which the Company has continuing obligations;

(x) Contracts granting any customer a right to most favored nation or any other similar preferred pricing terms;

(xi) Contracts with a Material Vendor;

(xii) Contracts the primary purpose of which are to obligate the Company to defend, indemnify, hold harmless, advance attorneys fees or expenses to, or exculpate, any other Person;

(xiii) any agency, dealer, distributor, sales representative, marketing, or other similar Contracts;

(xiv) Contracts that provide for the indemnification by the Company of any Person or the assumption of any Tax, environmental or other Liability of any Person;

(xv) Contracts to enter into any of the foregoing; and

(xvi) any other Contract not previously disclosed pursuant to the foregoing.

24

(b) True and complete copies of all Company Contracts as of the Signing Date have been made available to Buyer by the Sellers. Except for Company Contracts which expire by or are terminated pursuant to their terms after the Signing Date, each Company Contract is in full force and effect, is a valid, legal, and binding obligation of the Company and each other party thereto, and is enforceable in accordance with its terms against the Company and each other party thereto, subject in each case to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium, and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally and general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). Neither the Company nor, to the knowledge of the Sellers, any other party to any Company Contract, is in default, material breach, or violation of any Company Contract, nor has any event occurred that with the lapse of time, or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default, material breach or violation under any Company Contract. During the last twelve (12) months, the Company has not given to, or received from, any other party to any Company Contract, any notice regarding any default, breach, or violation under any Company Contract. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.7(b), the Company has not given to, or received from, any other party to any Company Contract, any notice regarding any intention to terminate or not renew any Company Contract.

3.8 Government Contracts.

(a) During the past five (5) years, the Company has not breached or violated any Law, certification, representation, clause, provision or requirement pertaining to any Government Contract nor received notice that the Company (i) has breached or violated any Law, certification, representation, clause or provision, (ii) is in breach of any Government Contract or Government Bid or (iii) is subject to any cost disallowance, withhold, offset, overpayment or credit requested by or on behalf of a Governmental Authority. No Government Bid submitted by the Company has been found to be non-responsive.

(b) No notice of termination, cure notice, show cause notice or other indication of termination is currently, or during the past five (5) years has been, in effect pertaining to any Government Contract.

(c) Neither the Company nor any of its officers, members, or managers, (i) has been or is currently suspended, excluded, or debarred from contracting with the federal or any state government, or (ii) has been or is subject to an investigation or proceeding by any Governmental Authority that could result in such suspension, exclusion, or debarment.

(d) With respect to each Government Contract and Government Bid: (i) all pricing discounts have been properly reported to and credited to the customer; (ii) the Company has not received any notice of any interruption or decrease in the purchasing of products or services or reasonably expects such an interruption or decrease to result from this transaction; (iii) the Company fully expects and intends to perform all obligations thereunder and the Company has or will obtain all Governmental Authority authorizations and all third-party certifications and approvals required for such performance; (iv) neither the Company nor any of its officers or employees have had access to confidential or non-public information to which they were not lawfully entitled; (v) the Company has not violated any requirements associated with offers of employment or the employment of current or former officials or employees of a Governmental Authority; (vi) there are no applicable overhead rate ceilings; and (vii) there are no assignment of revenues or anticipated revenues.

(e) Except as listed on Schedule 3.8(e), the Company has not submitted certified cost or pricing data to any Governmental Authority or otherwise with respect to any Government Contract during the past ten (10) years.

25

(f) All invoices and claims submitted for payment, reimbursement or adjustment submitted by the Company were current, accurate and complete in all material respects as of their respective submission dates.

(g) Neither the Company nor any of its officers, directors or employees is or during the past five (5) years has been under or subject to any administrative, civil or criminal investigation, indictment, information lawsuit, subpoena, document request, administrative proceeding or audit pertaining to an alleged or potential violation of any requirement, regulation or Law applicable to any Government Contract or Government Bid.

(h) During the past ten (10) years, other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, the Company has not conducted or initiated any internal investigation, made a voluntary disclosure or been under any obligation to disclose to any Governmental Authority, or any other Person with respect to any alleged or potential irregularity, misstatement or omission arising under or relating to a Government Contract or Government Bid.

(i) The Company maintains adequate systems of internal controls appropriate for its operations including cost accounting systems, estimating systems, purchasing systems, proposal systems and billing systems that are in compliance with all relevant and applicable requirements of the Companys Government Contracts.

(j) There are no outstanding or unsettled allegations of fraud, false claims or overpayments nor any investigations or audits by any Governmental Authority with regard to the Companys Government Contracts.

(k) All representations, certifications and statements executed, acknowledged or submitted by or on behalf of the Company to a Governmental Authority or any other Person in connection with any Government Contract during the past ten (10) years were current, accurate and complete in all respects as of their respective effective dates and the Company has provided any reasonably required updates to such representations, certifications and statements.

(l) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.8(l), as to each Government Contract related to the Company, no such Government Contract has been awarded to the Company based on the Company's having small business status, small disadvantaged business status, protg status, or other preferential status afforded by applicable Law.

(m) Neither the Company nor any of its officers, directors or employees have (i) used any funds of the Company to offer or provide any kickback, bribe, or unlawful gift or gratuity or (ii) made any unlawful expenditures relating to political activity (the foregoing clauses (i) or (ii), collectively, an Unlawful Payment). The Company has not received notice of any Unlawful Payment and the Company has controls to detect and prevent, where possible, any such Unlawful Payments.

(n) There are no outstanding claims, disputes or other Claims with the Company arising under or relating to any Government Contract or Government Bid.

3.9 Compliance.

(a) The Company is, and since January 1, 2019 has been, in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Laws. Since January 1, 2019, the Company has not (i) received written notice alleging any non-compliance with any Law, or (ii) been investigated by any Governmental Authority with regard to actual or alleged non-compliance with any Law. The Company has made available to Buyer substantially all materials within the Companys possession or control relevant to compliance with such Laws, and has identified to Buyer all risks and Liabilities that the Company deems material with respect thereto.

26

(b) Schedule 3.9(b) contains a list of all Permits owned or held by the Company or its employees that are required for the Company or such employee to conduct its business as it is currently conducted (the Company Permits). The Company Permits are valid and in full force and effect. The Company complies in all material respects with the Company Permits. No Governmental Authority has given written notice to the Company that it has commenced or intends to commence a Proceeding to revoke, cancel, terminate, suspend, restrict, or modify any Company Permit, or given written notice that it intends not to renew any Company Permit.

(c) Neither the Company nor any of its Representatives is currently, or has been in the last ten (10) years: (i) a Sanctioned Person; (ii) organized, resident or located in a Sanctioned Country; (iii) engaging in any dealings or transactions with or for the benefit of any Sanctioned Person or in any Sanctioned Country; or (iv) otherwise in violation of applicable Sanctions Laws, United States import and export laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, those specified in (a) the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), 22 CFR Part 120 et seq., (b) the Export Administration Regulations (EAR), 15 CFR Part 730 et seq., and (c) the regulations of the United States Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), 31 Part 500 et seq., and (d) the anti-boycott Laws administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. Department of Treasurys Internal Revenue Service (collectively, Trade Control Laws). The Company has not violated any U.S. or foreign Trade Control Laws, or been the subject of an investigation or other inquiry concerning any violation of any Trade Control Laws or subject to civil or criminal penalties imposed by a Governmental Authority, or made a voluntary disclosure with respect to violations or alleged violations of those laws or regulations.

(d) Neither the Company nor any of its Representatives has at any time made any unlawful payment or given, offered, promised, or authorized or agreed to give, any money or thing of value, directly or indirectly, to any Government Official or other Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws.

(e) The Company has not, in connection with or relating to the business of the Company and in the last five (5) years, received from any Governmental Authority or any other Person any notice, inquiry, or internal or external allegation, made any voluntary or involuntary disclosure to a Governmental Authority, or conducted any internal investigation or audit concerning any actual or potential violation or wrongdoing related to Trade Control Laws or Anti-Corruption Laws.

(f) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no allegation of sexual harassment has been made against any Representative of the Company at any time during the last five (5) years.

27

3.10 Financial Statements.

(a) Schedule 3.10(a) contains true and complete copies of the (i) unaudited balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2021, December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023 and the related unaudited statements of income, cash flows and changes in equityholders equity (deficiency) for the fiscal year then ended (the Annual Financial Statements) and (ii) the unaudited balance sheet of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and the related statements of income and cash flows for the nine-month period then ended (the Interim Financial Statements and, collectively with the Annual Financial Statements, the Financial Statements). As used herein, Balance Sheet Date means the date of the latest balance sheet included in the Financial Statements. The Financial Statements were prepared from and in accordance and compliance with GAAP and the books and records of the Company and present fairly the consolidated financial position and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods indicated in such Financial Statements in conformity with GAAP and sound accounting practices applied on a consistent basis. When delivered pursuant to Section 5.14, the Pre-Closing Financial Statements will be prepared from and in accordance and compliance with GAAP and the books and records of the Company and present fairly the consolidated financial position and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods indicated in such Pre-Closing Financial Statements in conformity with GAAP and sound accounting practices applied on a consistent basis.

(b) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.10(b), the Company does not have any Liabilities, except for Liabilities, (i) reflected or reserved for on the face of the Interim Financial Statements, (ii) that have arisen since the Balance Sheet Date in the ordinary course of the operation of business of the Company and that do not arise from any breach of Contract or violation of Law, or (iii) incurred directly pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents. Schedule 3.10(b) lists all Liabilities of the Company that by the terms thereof require payment or performance in an aggregate amount in excess of $5,000 and that are not included in the Interim Financial Statements.

(c) The systems of internal controls over financial reporting with respect to the Company are sufficient in all material respects to provide reasonable assurance that (i) as of the date the Financial Statements shall be delivered to Buyer, transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and to maintain accountability for the assets of the Business, and (ii) the Financial Statements accurately and fairly reflect in reasonable detail the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company in all materials respects. No financial statements of any Person other than the Company are required by GAAP to be included or reflected in any of the foregoing Financial Statements.

3.11 Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.11, since December 31, 2023, the Company has conducted its business in the ordinary course of business substantially consistent with past practice and there has not been, with respect to the Company, any:

(a) change in the assets, liabilities, business, prospects, results of operations or financial condition of the Company or any Seller that has or could be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b) declaration, setting aside or payment of any distribution (in cash or in kind) by the Company to its owner(s), or any direct or indirect redemption, purchase or other acquisition by the Company or any Seller of any equity interests of the Company, or any options, rights or agreements to purchase or acquire any equity interests of the Company;

28

(c) increase in amounts payable by the Company to or for the benefit of, or committed to be paid by the Company to or for the benefit of, any Seller or any officer, director or other consultant, agent or employee of the Company whose total annual compensation exceeds $125,000, or any relatives of such Person, or any increase in any benefits granted under any bonus, stock option, profit-sharing, pension, retirement, severance, deferred compensation, insurance, or other direct or indirect benefit plan, payment or arrangement made to, with or for the benefit of any current or former employee of the Company;

(d) transaction entered into or carried out by the Company other than in the ordinary course of business;

(e) borrowing or agreement to borrow funds by the Company; any incurring by the Company of any other Liability, except Liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business, or any endorsement, assumption or guarantee of payment or performance of any loan or obligation of any other Person by the Company;

(f) material change in the Companys method of doing business or any change in the Companys accounting principles or practices or the Companys method of application of such principles or practices;

(g) Lien imposed or agreed to be imposed on or with respect to the property or assets of the Company;

(h) sale, lease or other disposition of, or any agreement to sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any of the properties or assets of the Company;

(i) purchase of or any agreement to purchase assets for an amount in excess of $25,000 for any one or more purchases made by the Company or any lease or any agreement to lease, as lessee, any capital assets with payments over the term thereof to be made by the Company exceeding an aggregate amount of $25,000;

(j) loan, advance or capital contribution made by the Company to any Person;

(k) modification, waiver, change, amendment, release, rescission or termination of, or accord and satisfaction with respect to, any term, condition or provision of any Contract to which the Company is a party, other than any satisfaction by performance in accordance with the terms thereof in the ordinary course of business;

(l) labor dispute or disturbance adversely affecting the business, operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company, including, without limitation, the filing of any petition or charge of unfair or discriminatory labor practice with any governmental or regulatory authority, efforts to effect a union representation election, actual or threatened employee strike, work stoppage or slowdown;

(m) filing, change, or revocation of any Tax election, change of any annual accounting period in respect of Taxes, adoption or change of any accounting method in respect of Taxes, entrance into any closing agreement (or similar agreement with a Governmental Authority) relating to any Tax, or settlement or compromise of any Tax claim, audit, procedure, assessment or Tax liability, filing of any Tax Return in a manner inconsistent with past practice or inconsistent with applicable Law, filing of any amended Tax Return, entry into any Tax allocation, sharing or indemnity agreement, surrender of a right to claim a Tax refund, consent to an extension or waiver of the statute of limitations period applicable to any Tax claim or assessment, making of any voluntary Tax disclosure or Tax amnesty filing or any entrance into any closing agreement with respect to Taxes, other similar action or omission relating to the filing of any Tax Return or the payment of any Tax, if any such action or omission would have the effect of increasing the Tax liability of any of the Company or for which Buyer or any of its Affiliates (including the Company after the Closing) would be responsible or would otherwise acquire pursuant to this Agreement, or deferring the withholding, deposit or payment of any payroll Tax obligations pursuant to any COVID-19 Measures; or

29

(n) Contract entered into by the Company, other than any Contract that (i) is set forth on Section 3.7(a) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule or (ii) has been terminated prior to the Signing Date with no further Liability of the Company thereunder or relating thereto.

3.12 Absence of Litigation, Claims and Orders. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.12, there are no, and since December 31, 2023, there have been no (a) Claims or Proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Sellers, threatened against the Company or the Companys properties, rights or assets which resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in more than $10,000 in liability to the Company, or (b) Orders outstanding to which the Company or any of the Companys properties, rights or assets is subject. There are no Claims or Proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Sellers, threatened on behalf of or against any Seller or the Company that challenge (i) the validity of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which any Seller or the Company is a party or (ii) any action taken or to be taken by it pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Documents to which any Seller or the Company is a party or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.

3.13 Employee Benefit Plans.

(a) Employee Benefit Plans. Schedule 3.13(a) sets forth a true and complete list of all plans, policies, programs, agreements or arrangements that are (i) employee benefit plans (as that term is defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), whether or not subject to ERISA), (ii) employment agreements, agreements with individual consultants or contractors, stock options, equity compensation, or other equity-based plans or arrangements, phantom interest, bonus, incentive, nonqualified or deferred compensation, retirement, pension, profit sharing severance, termination pay, salary continuation, retention or stay-on, change in control, vacation, welfare-benefit, health, retiree health or welfare, life, disability, accident, reimbursement, fringe-benefit, or similar agreement, practice, policy, plan, fund, program, or arrangement of any kind (whether or not reduced to writing) and all other employee benefit plans, contracts, policies, programs, funds agreements or arrangements, in each case, that (A) the Company sponsors or maintains, or to which the Company contributes or is obligated to contribute, or under which the Company has any present or future obligations or liability (contingent or otherwise) with respect to current or former employees, directors, officers or stockholders of the Company (or their dependents or beneficiaries) or (B) with respect to which the Company is party or has or would reasonably be expected to have any liability or obligation) (each of the foregoing being referred to in this Agreement as an Employee Plan).

(b) Compliance. Each Employee Plan is in compliance with ERISA, the Code, and all other laws applicable to such Employee Plan, and each Employee Plan has been established, maintained, administered and operated in accordance with its terms, any related documents or agreements, and applicable Law. There is no pending or, to the knowledge of the Sellers, threatened Proceeding (other than routine claims for benefits) relating to any Employee Plan and, since January 1, 2018, none of the Employee Plans have been under audit or investigation by the Internal Revenue Service, the Department of Labor, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any other Governmental Authority. All benefits, contributions and premiums required by and due under the terms of each Employee Plan or applicable Law have been timely paid.

30

(c) Benefit Plan Documents. With respect to each Employee Plan, the Sellers have made available to Buyer, as applicable, true, correct, and complete copies of, as applicable, (i) all plan documents, including all amendments thereto, (ii) all summary plan descriptions description (and any summaries of modifications with respect thereto), (iii) the most recent annual report (including any reports on Form 5500, with schedules and attachments) filed with the IRS, and (iv) the most recent determination, opinion, or other qualification letter from the IRS with respect to any Employee Plan intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code; (v) the most recent actuarial reports; (vi) nondiscrimination testing for the most recently completed three plan years; (vii) copies of any notices to or from the IRS or any office or representative of the U.S. Department of Labor or any other Governmental Authority dated within the past three years (or such longer period if the matter contained in such notice is currently unresolved) relating to any compliance issues; (viii) all current trust agreements, insurance contracts and administrative services agreements relating to the funding or payment of benefits; and (ix) all Forms 1094-C and 1095-C filed by any Employee Plan that is subject to Section 4980H of the Code since 2020.

(d) Plan Qualification. Each Employee Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code does so qualify and either is a prototype plan covered by an IRS opinion letter, or has received a favorable determination letter from the IRS, and the IRS has not taken and does not have grounds to take action to revoke any such letter.

(e) Multiemployer Plans. The Company does not participate in, contribute to, or have any liability (contingent or otherwise) with respect to any defined benefit plan as defined in Section 3(35) of ERISA, a pension plan subject to the funding standards of Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code, a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA or Section 414(f) of the Code (Multiemployer Plan), a multiple employer welfare arrangement as defined in Section 3(40) of ERISA, or a multiple employer plan within the meaning of Section 413(c) of the Code.

(f) Section 4980B. With respect to each Employee Plan that is a group health plan benefiting any current or former employee of the Company that is subject to Section 4980B of the Code, the Company has complied with the continuation coverage requirements of Section 4980B of the Code and Part 6 of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA. The Company has no obligation to contribute to any funded or unfunded employee welfare plan, Multiemployer Plan or other plan which provides post-retirement health, accident or life insurance benefits to current or former employees, current or former independent contractors, current or future retirees, their spouses, dependents or beneficiaries, other than health benefits required to be provided to former employees, their spouses and other dependents under Code Section 4980B or similar laws.

(g) Affordable Care Act. The Company is, and has been, in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the Affordable Care Act), and no event has occurred, and, to the knowledge of the Sellers, no condition or circumstance exists, that would reasonably be expected to subject the Company to any liability, penalties, or Taxes under Sections 4980D, 4980H, 6721 or 6722 of the Code or any other provision of the Affordable Care Act. The Company has not been assessed and the Sellers have no knowledge of any proposed assessment of any Taxes under Sections 4980D, 4980H, 6721 or 6722 of the Code.

(h) Each Employee Plan subject to Section 409A of the Code (if any) is in compliance therewith, such that no Taxes or interest will be due and owing in respect of such Employee Plan failing to be in compliance therewith. The Company has no obligation to gross-up or otherwise indemnify any individual for any Tax, including under Sections 409A and 4999 of the Code.

31

(i) There have not been any non-exempt prohibited transactions (within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) or breaches of any of the duties imposed on fiduciaries (within the meaning of Section 3(21) of ERISA) by ERISA with respect to the Employee Plans that could result in any liability or excise tax under ERISA or the Code being imposed on the Company.

(j) The execution of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement do not constitute a triggering event under any Employee Plan, whether or not legally enforceable, that (either alone or upon the occurrence of any additional or subsequent event) will or may result in any payment (of severance pay or otherwise), acceleration, increase in vesting, or increase in benefits to any current or former participant, employee, member, shareholder, officer, director or manager of the Company.

3.14 Labor Matters.

(a) The Company is not a party to, or bound by or otherwise subject to, any collective bargaining agreement, Contract, or other agreement or understanding with a labor union, labor organization, employee association, or other employee representative body (each, a Labor Union), and no such Contract is being negotiated by the Company. No employee of the Company is represented by a Labor Union and the Company has no duty to bargain with any Labor Union. There are no organizational efforts with respect to the formation of a collective bargaining unit presently being made or, to the knowledge of the Sellers, threatened involving employees of the Company, and there have been no such efforts since January 1, 2021. Since January 1, 2021, no petition or demand for recognition of a bargaining representative has been made or filed, or, to the knowledge of the Sellers, threatened to be made or filed, with any labor relations board or other Governmental Authority, by or on behalf of any Labor Union involving employees of the Company. There has never been, nor has there been any threat of, any strike, slowdown, work stoppage, lockout, concerted refusal to work, or other similar labor disruption affecting the Company or any employees of the Company.

(b) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.14(b), there are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Sellers, threatened Claims or Proceedings, charges, complaints, audits, or investigations under federal, state, or local law against the Company before any Governmental Authority regarding employment discrimination, disability rights or reasonable accommodation, medical leave, pay equity, the Pandemic, safety, or other employment-related charges or complaints, unfair labor practice, grievance, background checks, drug testing, salary history inquiries, leaves of absence, paid sick leave, whistleblowing, wage and hour claims, including, without limitation, related to minimum wage, meal and rest breaks, overtime, or misclassification, WARN Act claims, immigration, unemployment compensation claims, workers compensation claims, or any other claims brought by any current or former job applicant of the Company or arising from or relating to the employment, including, without limitation, the hiring or firing, of any of the employees of the Company or relationship of the Company, including, without limitation, engagement or termination, with any independent contractor.

(c) The Company is, and since January 1, 2021 has been, in compliance, in all material respects, with all applicable foreign, federal, state, and local Laws respecting employment and employment practices and terms and conditions of employment, as they relate to employees, interns, consultants, and independent contractors of the Company, including, without limitation, all Laws relating to labor relations, unfair labor practices, equal employment opportunities, fair employment practices, employment discrimination, harassment, retaliation, reasonable accommodation, disability rights or benefits, immigration, wages, hours, overtime compensation, employee classification, pay equity, child labor, hiring, background checks, drug testing, salary history inquiries, promotion and termination of employees, working conditions, meal and break periods, privacy, health and safety, workers' compensation, leaves of absence, paid sick or family leave, including emergency leave under the Families First Coronavirus Response Act or applicable state law, whistleblowing, and unemployment insurance. All individuals characterized and treated by the Company as consultants or independent contractors are properly treated as independent contractors under all applicable Laws. All employees of the Company classified as exempt under the Fair Labor Standards Act and state and local wage and hour Laws are properly classified as exempt. Any individual performing services for the Business who has been classified as an independent contractor, as an employee of some other entity whose services are leased to the Company or as any other nonemployee category, has been correctly so classified and is, or was, in fact, not a common law employee.

32

(d) The Company has not effectuated any plant closing (as defined in the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (the Warn Act) or any similar state or local Law) or a mass layoff (as defined in the Warn Act, or any similar state or local Law) since January 1, 2021, and it has no plans to undertake any action in the future that would trigger the Warn Act or any similar state or local Law.

(e) Schedule 3.14(e) sets forth a true and complete list of all employees, consultants and independent contractors of the Company, together with their name, current title and total salary, bonus, fringe benefits and perquisites received in the year ended December 31, 2023, and any changes to the foregoing since December 31, 2023.

(f) All compensation, including wages, commissions, bonuses, fees, or other compensation payable to all employees, independent contractors, or consultants of the Company for services performed on or before the Signing Date have been paid in full as of the Signing Date, and all compensation, including wages, commissions, bonuses, fees, or other compensation payable to all employees, independent contractors, or consultants of the Company for services performed prior to the Closing Date will be paid in full on or before the Closing Date. There are no outstanding agreements, understandings, or commitments of the Company or any Seller regarding any compensation, wages, commissions, bonuses, severance, or fees, except as set forth on Schedule 3.14(f).

(g) The Company has provided to Buyer all inspection reports issued under the Federal Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as amended from time to time (OSHA) or any other occupational health and safety legislation. There are no outstanding inspection orders or any pending or, to the knowledge of the Sellers, threatened charges under OSHA or any other applicable occupational health and safety legislation. There have been no fatal or OSHA reportable accidents that could lead to charges under OSHA or any other applicable occupational health and safety legislation. The Company has complied in all material respects with any Orders issued to the Company under OSHA or any other applicable occupational health and safety legislation and there are no appeals of any Orders that are currently outstanding.

(h) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.14(h), there is not pending against the Company any workers compensation claims, and there are no facts that would give rise to such a claim or complaint. The Company has not received any notice of a citation, penalty, or assessment from any Governmental Authority with responsibility for workers compensation or occupational safety and health. The Company is in material compliance with all Laws respecting workers compensation.

3.15 Real Property and Assets. The Company does not own, nor has it ever owned, any real property.

(a) Schedule 3.15(a) lists (i) all real property with respect to which the Company holds a leasehold interest or otherwise has a license to use (the Company Leased Real Property), including for each such Company Leased Real Property, the common name and physical address for such Company Leased Real Property and (ii) each Contract, together with all amendments thereto and guarantees thereof, under which the Company leases or otherwise has the right to use any Company Leased Real Property (such agreements collectively for each Company Leased Real Property, a Lease). Except as set forth on Schedule 3.15(a), the Company has not entered into any subleases, arrangements, licenses, or other agreements relating to the use or occupancy of all or any portion of the Company Leased Real Property by any Person other than the Company. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.15(a), the Company has not agreed to (A) purchase or lease, nor is the Company obligated to purchase or lease, any real property or (B) dispose of any interest in any of the Leased Real Property or any Lease. True and complete copies of the Lease documents for each of the Company Leased Real Properties have been made available by the Company to Buyer. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.15(a), (i) each Lease is in full force and effect and the Company has a valid and enforceable leasehold estate in, and enjoys peaceful and undisturbed possession of, all Company Leased Real Property and (ii) there are no existing defaults or conditions, matters, or events that, with or without the passage of time, the giving of notice, or both, would constitute an event of default under a Lease by the Company or any other party to a Lease.

33

(b) The Company owns good title to, or holds pursuant to valid and enforceable leases, all of the personal property shown to be owned by it on the latest balance sheet included in the Financial Statements (except for such personal property sold or disposed of subsequent to the Balance Sheet Date in the ordinary course of business) or otherwise necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted, free and clear of all Liens.

(c) All material equipment, furniture, supplies, computer hardware and other tangible personal property owned or used by the Company is listed in commercially reasonable detail on Schedule 3.15(c). Except as set forth on Schedule 3.15(c), the Company has good, valid and marketable title to all of its assets and properties of every kind, nature and description, tangible or intangible, known and unknown, wherever located (including all property and assets shown or reflected on the Most Recent Balance Sheet) (collectively, the Company Assets), and all of the Company Assets are held free and clear of all Liens. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.15(c), no financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code or similar Law naming the Company as a debtor has been filed in any jurisdiction, and the Company is not a party to or bound under any agreement or legal obligation authorizing any party to file any such financing statement. The Company owns, licenses or otherwise has adequate rights to use the Company Assets in the manner in which they are presently being used. None of the Company Assets or the Companys rights thereto is subject to any actual or, to the knowledge of the Sellers, threatened proceeding which could reasonably be expected to result in the revocation, termination, supervision, cancellation or adverse modification of any such property or rights thereto. The Company Assets constitute all of the assets used in the conduct of the Business as currently conducted and are sufficient for the continued conduct of the Business after the Closing in substantially the same manner as conducted prior to the Closing. The Company Assets that consist of buildings, plants, structures, furniture, fixtures, machinery, equipment, vehicles and other items of tangible personal property of the Company are structurally sound, are in good operating condition and repair, and are adequate for the uses to which they are being put, and none of such Company Assets is in need of maintenance or repairs except for ordinary, routine maintenance and repairs that are not material in nature or cost.

3.16 Taxes. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.16:

(a) The Company has timely filed (after giving effect to applicable extensions) with the appropriate Governmental Authority all Tax Returns required by Law to be filed by or with respect to it. All such Tax Returns were true, correct, and complete and prepared in compliance with applicable Law, and do not contain a disclosure statement under Section 6662 of the Code or any predecessor provision or comparable provision of state, local or non-U.S. Law.

34

(b) All Taxes owed by the Company (whether or not shown on any Tax Return) have been timely paid in full. The unpaid Taxes of the Company attributable to Pre-Closing Tax Periods shall not, as of the close of business on the Closing Date, exceed the amount of Tax Liabilities expressly taken into account in the final determination of Closing Date Indebtedness and Closing Date Net Working Capital. Since the Balance Sheet Date, the Company has not incurred any material liability for Taxes arising from extraordinary gains or losses, as that term is used in GAAP.

(c) The Company has (i) duly and timely withheld all Taxes required to be withheld by it and such withheld Taxes have been either duly and timely paid to the proper Governmental Authority or properly set aside in accounts for such purpose and will be duly and timely paid to the proper Governmental Authority; (ii) paid all employer contributions and premiums; (iii) collected and paid all Taxes required to be collected and paid, including sales, use, ad valorem, value added, and excise Taxes; and (iv) filed all federal, state, local and foreign returns and reports with respect to employee income Tax withholding, social security Taxes and premiums, and unemployment Taxes and premiums, all in compliance with the Code (and other applicable Laws) as in effect for the applicable year. The Company has classified in accordance with applicable Law and solely for Tax purposes those individuals performing services for the Company as common law employees, leased employees, independent contractors or agents of the Company. Neither Buyer nor Company is required to withhold any amounts on payments provided for under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document.

(d) There are no outstanding Liens for Taxes upon any assets of the Company or the Acquired Interests.

(e) The Company has not executed or entered into a closing agreement pursuant to Section 7121 of the Code or any similar or analogous provision of state, local or non-U.S. Law, and the Company does not have a request for a private letter ruling, a request for technical advice, a request for a change of any method of accounting, or any other similar or analogous request that is in progress or pending with any Governmental Authority with respect to Taxes. No Proceedings are presently pending or, to the knowledge of the Sellers, threatened with regard to any Tax Returns filed by or with respect to the Company or otherwise with respect to Taxes. No power of attorney granted by or with respect to the Company with respect to Taxes related to the Company is currently in force.

(f) All deficiencies asserted, or assessments made, against or with respect to the Company as a result of any Tax audit or other Proceeding by any Governmental Authority have been fully paid. No claim has ever been made by any Governmental Authority in a jurisdiction where the Company does not file Tax Returns that it is or could be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction.

(g) Neither any Seller (with respect to the Company) nor the Company has made, changed, or revoked any Tax election; elected or changed any method of accounting for Tax purposes or Tax accounting period; amended any Tax Return; filed any Tax Return in a manner inconsistent with past practice (except as otherwise required by Law); surrendered any right to, or filed any claim for, a Tax refund; settled any Proceeding in respect of Taxes; or entered into any contractual obligation in respect of Taxes with any Governmental Authority.

(h) There are no outstanding requests, agreements, consents or waivers to extend the statutory period of limitations applicable to the assessment, reassessment or collection of any Taxes or deficiencies against the Company, and no written request for any such waiver or extension is currently pending.

35

(i) The Company has never been a member of an affiliated, consolidated, unitary, or similar group for federal or applicable state income Tax purposes. The Company is not a party to any agreement relating to Tax sharing, Tax indemnification, or Tax allocation (other than any such agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business and not primarily related to Taxes). The Company does not have any Liability for the Taxes of any Person (including any Seller) by operation of law, as a transferee or successor, by Contract, or otherwise.

(j) Schedule 3.16(j) sets forth the taxable periods of the Company (i) which have been audited or examined by the relevant Governmental Authority within the past six (6) years or (ii) which are currently under audit or examination by any relevant Governmental Authority with respect to Taxes.

(k) The Sellers have provided to Buyer (i) true, correct and complete copies of all Tax Returns relating to income Taxes and other material Tax Returns filed by the Company or any predecessor entity filed within the past five (5) years and (ii) true, correct and complete copies of all notices of deficiencies, notices of proposed adjustments, notices of assessments, revenue agent reports, closing agreements, settlement agreements, information document requests, protests, and any other similar document, notice or correspondence received within the past five (5) years, in each case, that the Company (or its representative) has received from, sent to, or entered with the IRS or other Governmental Authority with respect to Taxes or that relates to any Taxes or Tax Return which is not closed by the applicable statute of limitations. The Company has not commenced a voluntary disclosure proceeding in any state or local or non-U.S. jurisdiction that has not been fully resolved or settled.

(l) Neither Buyer nor the Company will be required to include any item of income in, or exclude any deduction from, taxable income for any taxable period (or portion thereof) ending after the Closing as a result of any: (i) agreement entered into by or with respect to the Company with any Governmental Authority (including a closing agreement as described in Section 7121 of the Code (or any corresponding or similar provision of state, local or non-U.S. Law)) executed on or prior to the Closing Date; (ii) installment sale or open transaction entered into by or with respect to the Company on or prior to the Closing; (iii) election under Section 108(i) of the Code (or any corresponding or similar provision of state, local or non-U.S. Law) made by or with respect to the Company on or prior to the Closing Date; (iv) prepaid amounts received or deferred revenue accrued by or with respect to the Company on or prior to the Closing Date (including pursuant to Section 451(c), 455 or 456 of the Code, Section 1.451-5 of the United States Treasury Regulations and IRS Revenue Procedure 2004-34); (v) change in method of accounting requested or occurring by or with respect to the Company on or prior to the Closing Date; (vi) cash method of accounting or long-term contract method of accounting utilized by or with respect to the Company on or prior to the Closing Date; (vii) use of an improper method of accounting by or with respect to the Company for a taxable period ending on or prior to the Closing Date; (viii) intercompany transaction or excess loss account described in United States Treasury Regulations under Section 1502 of the Code (or any corresponding or similar provision of state, local, or non-U.S. Law) by or with respect to the Company; (ix) application of Section 965 of the Code by or with respect to the Company; or (x) the application of Section 263A of the Code (and any corresponding or similar provision of state, local, or non-U.S. Law) by or with respect to the Company.

(m) No withholding is required under Section 1445 of the Code in connection with the Sale.

36

(n) The Company was and remains treated as a partnership for federal income (and applicable state and local) Tax purposes effective as of its inception and at all times thereafter. No election has ever been made to change the Companys federal income (and applicable state and local) Tax classification from that of a partnership.

(o) The Company does not hold or own an interest, directly or indirectly, in any joint venture, partnership, limited liability company, association or other entity that is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. Tax purposes. The Company is not a party to any Contract that is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. Tax purposes.

(p) The Company has not engaged in any transaction which, as of the Closing Date, is a listed transaction within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4(b)(2).

(q) Any and all transactions between or among the Company and Affiliates of the Company have occurred on arms length terms, and such entities have complied with any and all Tax-related requirements and Laws that the arms-length nature of the terms of such transactions be documented.

(r) The Company has collected, and has on file, and will have on file as of the Closing Date, blanket certificates of resale (or other applicable exemption certificates) for all customers from which the Company does not collect sales Taxes or excise Taxes.

(s) The Company is in compliance with all federal, state and non-U.S. Laws applicable to abandoned or unclaimed property or escheat and have paid, remitted or delivered to each jurisdiction all unclaimed or abandoned property required by any applicable Laws to be paid, remitted or delivered to that jurisdiction. The Company does not hold any property or owe any amount that is presumed abandoned under the Laws of any state or other jurisdiction.

(t) No Seller or the Company is subject to a Tax holiday or Tax incentive or grant in any jurisdiction that will terminate (or be subject to a clawback or recapture) as a result of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. There is no potential for any Tax holiday or Tax incentive or grant in any jurisdiction that was realized on or prior to the Closing Date to be subject to recapture as a result of any actions or activities following the Closing Date.

(u) No Seller is a foreign person within the meaning of Code Section 1445.

(v) No amount that could be received (whether in cash or property or vesting of property) as a result of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents by any director, manager, officer, or employee of the Company or any Affiliate of the Company who is a disqualified individual (as such term is defined in Section 1.280G-1 of the Treasury Regulations) under any employment, severance, or termination agreement, other compensation arrangement or Employee Plan currently in effect would be characterized as an excess parachute payment (as such term is defined in Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code).

(w) The Company (i) has no permanent establishment (within the meaning of any applicable Tax treaty), an office or fixed place of business, or other form of taxable nexus in a country other than in which it is organized and (ii) has not been subject to Tax in a country other than in which it is organized.

37

(x) All FinCEN Forms 114, Report of Foreign Bank Accounts, and IRS Form TD F 90-22.1, Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts, required to be filed by, or on behalf of the Company, have been timely filed and all such forms were true, correct and complete when filed.

(y) The Company has (i) properly complied with all provisions of any COVID-19 Measure pursuant to which it reduced its obligation to pay any Tax, deferred its obligation to pay any Tax, or delayed its obligation to file any Tax Return, (ii) not deferred the withholding, deposit or payment of any Taxes under any COVID-19 Measure, and (iii) not sought (nor have any of their Affiliates sought) a covered loan under paragraph (36) of Section 7(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)), as added by Section 1102 of the CARES Act. The Company has not deferred any payroll Tax obligations pursuant to the CARES Act. The Company has not claimed, received or filed for any employee retention credit.

(z) All records required by applicable Law or any relevant Governmental Authority to be kept by the Company with respect to Taxes have been properly and accurately kept and maintained and the Company has complied with all requirements to be registered in respect of Taxes.

(aa) Each Seller has duly paid all Taxes payable by it, and there is no pending or, to the knowledge of the Sellers, threatened federal, state, local or foreign Tax audit or assessment of any Seller and no agreement with any federal, state, local or non-U.S. Governmental Authority with respect to Taxes that may affect the subsequent Tax liabilities of any Seller.

3.17 Intellectual Property.

(a) Schedule 3.17(a) contains a true and complete list of all (i) Company Intellectual Property owned by the Company and registered or applied for before a Governmental Authority or domain name registrar (Registered Company Intellectual Property), (ii) unregistered Trademarks owned or purported to be owned by the Company and (iii) Software owned by the Company (clauses (i) through (iii), collectively, Scheduled Company Intellectual Property). The Company is the owner of all rights, title, and interests in, to, and under the Scheduled Company Intellectual Property, free and clear of all Liens. In addition to the Scheduled Company Intellectual Property, the Company owns and possesses good title to, or has a valid license or right to use, all other Intellectual Property used by the Company (together with the Scheduled Company Intellectual Property, the Company Intellectual Property). Each item of Registered Company Intellectual Property is not subject to any taxes or fees, other than periodic filing and maintenance fees, and no periodic filing or maintenance fees are due within the 30 days. Except as described in Schedule 3.17(a), no Company Intellectual property is subject to any Lien. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not result in the loss or reduction in scope of any the Companys rights to or in connection with Company Intellectual Property, whether by termination or expiration of any license, the performance of such license pursuant to its terms, or other means. The Company has taken commercially reasonable actions required to protect and preserve, and maintain the validity and effectiveness of, all Company Intellectual Property, including paying all applicable fees related to the registration, maintenance and renewal of such Company Intellectual Property.

(b) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.17(b), to the knowledge of the Sellers, no third Person is infringing upon, misappropriating, or otherwise violating any Company Intellectual Property that is owned by or exclusively licensed to the Company and the Company has not made a claim of an alleged violation or infringement by any third Person of its rights to or in connection with any Company Intellectual Property.

38

(c) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.17(c), none of the Registered Company Intellectual Property (i) has lapsed, expired, or been abandoned or (ii) is the subject of any opposition, interference, cancellation, or other proceeding (other than routine office actions) before any Governmental Authority.

(d) Schedule 3.17(d) contains a true and complete list of all IP Licenses in effect as of the Signing Date. The Company has made available to the Buyer true and correct copies of all IP Licenses. The Company has performed all of its obligations under each IP License and, accordingly, each IP License is currently in full force and effect with respect to the Company, subject, in each case, to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium, and other similar Laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally and general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). Except as set forth in Schedule 3.6 or Schedule 3.17(d), no third Person is in default of any IP License. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.6 or Schedule 3.17(d), the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall not result in a breach or right to terminate any IP License. Except for the IP Licenses, the Company has not assigned, licensed, sublicensed, or otherwise transferred any right under any Company Intellectual Property owned or exclusively licensed by the Company to any third Person other than non-exclusive rights granted in the ordinary course of business. Except for the Contracts set forth in Schedule 3.7(a)(iv) or (vi), neither the Company nor any Company Intellectual Property that is owned by or exclusively licensed to the Company is subject to any Contract containing any covenant or other provision that limits or restricts the ability of the Company to use, assert, enforce, or otherwise exploit any Company Intellectual Property or any Intellectual Property used by the Company, other than confidentiality requirements and non-exclusive licenses granted by the Company entered into in the ordinary course of business.

(e) Except as set forth in Schedule 3.17(e), there has been no charge, complaint, claim, demand, notice, or threat made to the Company (i) alleging any interference, infringement, misappropriation, or violation of the Intellectual Property rights of any third Person by the Company or in connection with the Companys conduct of its business (including any claim that the Company must license or refrain from using any Intellectual Property rights of any third Person) or (ii) concerning the Companys use or ownership of any Company Intellectual Property or challenging or questioning the validity or enforceability of any Company Intellectual Property owned or exclusively licensed by the Company. The Company is not interfering with, infringing, misappropriating, or violating the Intellectual Property rights of any Person.

3.18 Data Privacy, Security and Information Technology.

(a) IT Systems. All Company IT Systems are in good working condition and are sufficient for the operation of the Business as currently conducted, including as to capacity, scalability and ability to process current and anticipated peak volumes in a timely manner. No part of the Company IT Systems is in need of replacement or upgrade to avoid any diminution of the business. No action (including the payment of any increased sum) will be necessary in order to enable the Company IT Systems to continue to be used in the business of the Company immediately after Closing Date to the same extent and in the same manner as they have been used as of immediately prior to the Closing Date. The Company has, at all times, maintained sufficient licenses in respect of its use of Software for the Company IT Systems (including, without limitation, with regard to user numbers, user type, and territorial restrictions).

(i) The Company IT Systems have been regularly maintained and there has been no known malfunction, failure, intrusion, viruses, continued substandard performance, denial-of-service, or other cyber incident, including any cyberattack or other impairment of the Company IT Systems that has caused or could reasonably be expected to cause any: (i) substantial disruption of or interruption in or to the use of such Company IT Systems or the conduct of the business; (ii) material loss, destruction, damage or harm of or to the business or its operations, personnel, property or other assets; or (iii) Liability of any kind to the Company. Further, there is no known ongoing matter or issue in respect of the Company IT Systems which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

39

(ii) The Company has taken all commercially reasonable steps, consistent with applicable industry best practices, to preserve, maintain, protect and safeguard the confidentiality, availability, security, and integrity of the Company IT Systems, which includes measures that are designed to prevent and avoid (i) any material loss, failure, and corruption, (ii) any unauthorized access to or use of Personal Information, and (iii) the injection or installation of any Malicious Code.

(iii) The Company has implemented and maintains appropriate backups, data recovery, disaster recovery and business continuity plans, and commercially reasonable firewall and anti-virus protection hardware and/or Software. The Company acts in compliance with such plans and procedures and tests such plans and procedures on a regular basis, and such plans and procedures have been proven effective upon such testing.

(b) Data Security. The Company has commercially reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in place and has at all times collected, handled, transferred, used, imported, exported, protected and otherwise processed all Personal Information, and other information of or relating to individuals protected by Law, in accordance with the Data Requirements. There has been no Security Breach or any other act or omission that has compromised, in any material respect, the security, confidentiality or integrity of Information.

(c) Data Privacy. The Company has in place Data Policies that are commercially reasonable and comply with all applicable Data Laws and Data Agreements concerning the collection, use, processing, storage, transfer, and security of Personal Information. The Company has, during the past (6) six years, complied with and is presently in compliance with all Data Requirements, and the Closing will not violate any Data Requirements. In respect of any Personal Information processed by the Company, such processing is performed in a manner that is compliant with the Data Laws. The Company is not in violation of any restrictions on the transfer of data in any contracts or agreements to which the Company, or any of its contractors that processes Personal Information on its behalf, is bound. All communications with third parties in the conduct of the business have complied with applicable Law. No materials published or distributed by the Company constitute obscene material, contain defamatory statements or material, constitute false advertising, are in violation of the right of publicity, or otherwise violate applicable Law.

(d) Security Incidents or Investigations. No Claims have been asserted or threatened in writing against the Company relating to data security, privacy, or the storage, transfer, use or processing of data (including Personal Information) or in relation to the processing of Personal Information under any Data Agreements and there are no circumstances that are reasonably likely to lead to a Claim relating to data security, privacy, or the storage, transfer, use or processing of data (including Personal Information). Similarly, the Company has not (i) been the subject of any audits, notices, investigations or other inquiries or actions relating to data security, privacy, or the storage, transfer, use or processing of data (including Personal Information) from any Governmental Body; or (ii) received any written Claims or complaints regarding the collection, dissemination, storage, distribution, transfer or other use or disposition of any sensitive information or processing of any Personal Information or any rights requests of any data subject, or the actual or alleged violation of any Data Laws.

40

3.19 Insurance. Schedule 3.19 sets forth a true and complete list of all insurance policies covering the assets, business, equipment, properties, operations, employees, consultants, managers, officers, and directors of the Company (collectively, the Policies), and such list correctly states the name of the insurer, the name of each insured party, the type and amount of coverage, the expiration date and the premium amount of each such Policy. The Company has made available to Buyer complete and accurate copies of all Policies. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.19, (i) there is no claim by the Company currently pending, and the Company has not made a claim since January 1, 2020, under any Policy as to which coverage has been questioned, denied, or disputed by the insurers of such Policy and (ii) no insurer has threatened in writing to cancel any Policy. All Policies are in full force and effect, all premiums covering all periods up to and including the Closing Date under all Policies have been paid or shall have been paid as of the Closing, and the Company is otherwise in compliance with the terms of the Policies. No notice of cancellation, termination or premium increase has been received by the Company with respect to any Policy, and the Company has not done or omitted to do anything that might render any Policy void or unenforceable or otherwise limit, prejudice or reduce recovery under any Policy. The Policies do not provide for any retrospective premium adjustment or other experience-based liability on the part of the Company. No Policy has been subject to any lapse in coverage. There are no claims related to the business of the Company pending under any such Policies as to which coverage has been questioned, denied or disputed or in respect of which there is an outstanding reservation of rights. None of any Seller nor any of Affiliate of any Seller (including the Company) is in default under, or has otherwise failed to comply with any provision contained in any such Policy. The Policies are of the type and in the amounts customarily carried by Persons conducting a business similar to the Company and are sufficient for compliance with all applicable Laws and Contracts to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound. No Seller is a co-insurer under any term of any insurance policy.

3.20 Environmental Matters.

(a) The Company is, and since January 1, 2019 has been, in compliance, in all material respects, with all Environmental Laws.

(b) The Company has obtained and is in compliance with all required Environmental Permits and has been in the past in compliance with such permits. Schedule 3.20(b) sets forth a list of each Environmental Permit obtained by the Company.

(c) There are no actions, Orders, written claims, or written notices pending or issued to or, to the knowledge of the Sellers, threatened against the Company alleging violations of or liability under any Environmental Law or otherwise concerning the Release or management of Hazardous Substances.

(d) For as long as owned or operated by the Company and, to the knowledge of the Sellers, prior thereto, there has been no Release of any Hazardous Substances at, on, or from the Company Leased Real Property or any other real property now or formerly owned or operated by the Company, in each case, in a manner that could reasonably be expected to result in any Liability for the Company under Environmental Laws. No real property currently or formerly owned, operated or leased by the Company is listed on, or has been proposed for listing on, the National Priorities List (or CERCLIS) under CERCLA, or any similar state list. There are no active or, to the knowledge of the Sellers, abandoned aboveground or underground storage tanks located owned or operated by the Company or located at the Company Leased Real Property or any other real property now or formerly owned or operated by the Company. Neither any Seller nor the Company has received any Environmental Notice regarding potential liabilities with respect to such off-site Hazardous Substances treatment, storage, or disposal facilities or locations used by the Company or any Seller. There are no environmental reports, studies, audits, records, sampling data, site assessments, risk assessments, economic models and other similar documents with respect to the business or assets of the Company or any currently or formerly owned, operated or leased real property which are in the possession or control of any Seller or the Company related to compliance with Environmental Laws or the Release of Hazardous Materials.

41

(e) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.20(e), the Company is not subject to any contractual obligation to indemnify a third party against any Liabilities arising under Environmental Laws.

(f) For purposes of this Agreement:

Environmental Laws means any Laws relating to (A) Releases or threatened Releases of Hazardous Substances or materials containing Hazardous Substances, (B) the manufacture, handling, transport, use, treatment, storage, emission, discharge, or disposal of Hazardous Substances or materials containing Hazardous Substances, or (C) pollution or protection of the environment or of human health and safety as such is affected by Hazardous Substances or materials containing Hazardous Substances.

Environmental Permits means any Permit pursuant to Environmental Laws.

Hazardous Substances means (A) those substances, materials, or wastes defined as toxic, hazardous, acutely hazardous, pollutants, or contaminants, in, or regulated under, any Environmental Law, and all Regulations thereunder and any analogous foreign or state statutes, (B) petroleum and petroleum products, including crude oil and any fractions thereof, (C) natural gas, synthetic gas, and any mixtures thereof, and (D) polychlorinated biphenyls, asbestos, or molds that would reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on human health, per- and poly-fluoroalkyl substances, and urea formaldehyde foam insulation.

Release means any release, spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, discharging, emitting, emptying, escaping, leaching, injecting, dumping, disposing, or migrating into or through the indoor or outdoor environment.

3.21 Brokers. No broker, financial advisor, finder, or investment banker or other Person is entitled to any brokers, financial advisors, finders, or other fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of any Seller, the Company or any of their Affiliates for which Buyer, any Seller or the Company (following the Closing) may become liable, except as set forth on Schedule 3.21.

3.22 Customers and Vendors.

(a) Schedule 3.22(a)(i)sets forth a true, correct and complete list of the twenty (20) largest customers of the Company (the Material Customers) (measured by aggregate sales of the Company) for the twelve (12) months ended December 31, 2024. Schedule 3.22(a)(ii) sets forth a true, correct and complete list of the twenty (20) largest vendors of the Company (the Material Vendors) (measured by aggregate spend of the Company) for the twelve (12) months ended December 31, 2024.

(b) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.22(b), since January 1, 2024, the Company has not received any written notice that (i) any Material Customer or Material Vendor plans to terminate its relationship with or materially decrease the amount of business done with the Company, (ii) any Material Customer has requested or received a decrease in the prices paid to the Company, or (iii) any Material Vendor has requested or received an increase in the prices charged to the Company other than in the ordinary course of business.

42

(c) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.22(c), since the Balance Sheet Date, the Company has not been involved in any dispute with any Material Customer or Material Vendor that would have the effect of adversely affecting the commercial relationship between the Company, on the one hand, and the Customer or Material Vendor, as applicable, on the other hand.

3.23 Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.23, all accounts receivable reflected in the Financial Statements (net of allowances for doubtful accounts as reflected thereon and as determined in accordance with sound accounting principles as historically practiced) are (a) valid, genuine, and existing, (b) not subject to any defenses, setoffs, or counterclaims except as may be reflected on the Interim Balance Sheet, and (c) current (not more than one hundred twenty (120) days past due). No accounts payable of the Company have been outstanding for more than six (6) months, except for amounts payable that are being contested in good faith. None of the accounts receivable are from any Affiliate of the Company or from any Seller or any of their respective Representatives, family members or Affiliates (as applicable).

3.24 Affiliate Transactions; Related Businesses.

(a) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.24, as of the date immediately following the Closing, no Affiliate of the Company, any Seller or any of their respective Representatives, family members or Affiliates (as applicable) (i) will be a party to any Contract or transaction (A) with the Company or (B) that pertains to the Business or operation of the Company or (ii) will own, lease or have any direct or indirect economic or other interest in any asset, tangible or intangible, that is used by the Company in carrying out its Business or operations.

(b) No Seller owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest in any Person (i) who is knowingly engaged in any business of any Buyer Affiliated Company, or (ii) who, to the knowledge of the Sellers, is a customer of the Company, other than such Sellers ownership of five percent (5%) or less of the combined voting power of all issued and outstanding voting securities of any publicly held corporation whose stock is traded on a major stock exchange or quoted on NASDAQ.

3.25 Books of Account; Records. The general ledgers, ownership record books, minute books and other records relating to the assets, properties, Contracts and outstanding legal obligations of the Company are complete and correct in all material respects and have been maintained in accordance with good business practices, and, to the extent required by GAAP, the matters contained therein are appropriate and accurately reflected in the Financial Statements. The Sellers have made available to Buyer true and complete copies of all insurance accounts, client lists, policy expirations and renewals relating to the Business and all other records, files and other information material in any respect to the Business.

3.26 Pandemic Matters. Except for the PPP Loan Obligation, the Company has not applied for or obtained (directly or through another source) any Pandemic-Relief Debt. The Company applied for and received the PPP Loan Obligation. In submitting all documentation with respect to, and accepting the proceeds of, the PPP Loan Obligation, the Company provided complete and accurate information and has complied with all of the requirements of the CARES Act, including the eligibility and certification requirements for the PPP Loan Obligation. The Company did not use any proceeds under the PPP Loan Obligation for any impermissible purposes. The Company completed the forgiveness process with respect to the PPP Loan Obligation in accordance with the CARES Act requirements, and the PPP Loan Obligation has been forgiven in full by the U.S. Small Business Administration.

3.27 Inventories. All items included in the Companys inventories of raw materials and supplies, manufactured and purchased parts, work-in-process and finished goods (the Inventories) consist of a quality and quantity usable and, with respect to finished goods, saleable, in the ordinary course except for obsolete items and items of below-standard quality, all of which have been written off or written down to net realizable value in the Financial Statements or on the accounting records of the Company as of the Closing Date, as the case may be. The Company is not in possession of any inventory not owned by the Company, including goods already sold. The quantities of each item in the Inventories are not excessive but are reasonable in the present circumstances of the Company. Inventories are now valued, and will be valued on the Closing Date, according to GAAP.

43

3.28 Full Disclosure. The representations and warranties contained in this Article III do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any known material fact necessary in order to make the factual statements contained herein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. There are no material adverse facts that have not been disclosed to Buyer in writing or on schedules attached hereto relating to the assets of the Company and operation of the Business. The performance of due diligence shall not limit the indemnification obligations of any Party hereunder.

ARTICLE IV 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER

Buyer hereby represents and warrants to the Sellers as follows:

4.1 Organization and Qualification. Buyer is a corporation, duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of its jurisdiction of organization and has all the requisite power and authority to own, lease, and operate its properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted. Buyer is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each of the jurisdictions in which the Laws of such jurisdiction; the ownership, operation, or leasing of its properties or assets; or the conduct of its business require it to be so qualified, except where the failure to be so qualified would not materially and adversely affect Buyers ability to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

4.2 Authority; Enforceability. Buyer has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, each other Transaction Document to which it is a party, and each instrument required to be executed and delivered by it prior to or at the Closing, to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder, and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery by Buyer of this Agreement, each other Transaction Document, and each instrument required to be executed and delivered by it prior to or at the Closing, the performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary action on the part of Buyer. Other than the Buyer Approvals, no other approval or similar proceedings on the part of Buyer are necessary to authorize this Agreement, any Transaction Document to which it is a party, or any instrument required to be executed and delivered by it prior to or at the Closing or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. This Agreement, each other Transaction Document to which it is a party, and each instrument required to be executed and delivered by it prior to or at the Closing has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Buyer and, assuming the due authorization, execution, and delivery thereof by the other parties thereto, constitutes a legal, valid, and binding obligation of Buyer, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium, and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally and general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

4.3 No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents. Except for (a) the filing of such reports under Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act, and such other compliance with the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, as may be required in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions; (b) filings with the NASDAQ; and (c) such filings and approvals as may be required by any applicable state securities or blue sky Laws (collectively, the Buyer Approvals), the execution and delivery by Buyer or its Affiliates of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents to which Buyer or its Affiliates is a party, or any instrument required by this Agreement to be executed and delivered by Buyer or such Affiliates on or prior to the Closing do not, and the performance of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents to which Buyer or its Affiliates is a party, and any instrument required by this Agreement to be executed and delivered by Buyer or such Affiliates on or prior to the Closing shall not, with or without the passage of time, the giving of notice, or both, (i) conflict with, require a consent or notice under, or violate the Organizational Documents of Buyer or such Affiliates, (ii) conflict with, require a consent or notice under, or violate any Law or Order applicable to Buyer or such Affiliates or by which any of its properties, rights, or assets is bound or affected, except any such conflict or violation that would not adversely affect Buyers or such Affiliates ability to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, or (iii) result in any breach or violation of, require a consent or notice under, constitute a default under, impair Buyers or such Affiliates rights or alter the rights or obligations of any party under, give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration, or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a Lien on any of the properties, rights, or assets of Buyer or its Affiliates pursuant to, any Contract to which Buyer or such Affiliates is a party or by which Buyer or such Affiliates or their respective properties, rights, or assets is bound, except any such breach, violation, default, or other event that would not adversely affect Buyers or such Affiliates ability to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. Other than the Buyer Approvals, no Governmental Approval of, or Filing to, any Governmental Authority or other Person is required to be obtained or made by Buyer in connection with the execution, delivery, and performance by Buyer of this Agreement or the Transaction Documents to which Buyer or any of its Affiliates is a party or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, except for Governmental Approvals that, if not obtained or made, would not adversely affect Buyers ability to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

44

4.4 SEC Documents. Buyers Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024, its Quarterly Report of Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, and its Current Reports on Form 8-K filed since June 30, 2024 are available through www.sec.gov/edgar.

4.5 LPTH Stock. The shares of LPTH Stock to be issued as part of the Purchase Price, when issued and delivered in accordance with this Agreement, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

4.6 Absence of Litigation, Claims and Orders. There are no Claims or Proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of Buyer, threatened on behalf of or against Buyer that (i) challenge (A) the validity of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party or (B) any action taken or to be taken by it pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Documents to which it is a party or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, (ii) would reasonably be expected to impair or delay the transactions contemplated hereby or the ability of Buyer to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby or (iii) would reasonably be expected to adversely affect Buyers performance under this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

4.7 Investment Intent. Buyer is acquiring the Acquired Interests for its own account, for investment purposes only, and not with a view to their distribution within the meaning of Section 2(a)(11) of the Securities Act. Buyer has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial and business matters to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in the Acquired Interests, and Buyer is capable of bearing the economic risks of such investment, including a complete loss of its investment in the Acquired Interests. Buyer acknowledges that the Acquired Interests have not been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities Laws, and understands and agrees that it may not sell or dispose of any of the Acquired Interests except pursuant to a registered offering in compliance with, or in a transaction exempt from, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any other applicable state, foreign or federal securities Laws. Buyer is an accredited investor (as defined under Regulation D promulgated by the Securities Act).

45

4.8 Brokers. No broker, financial advisor, finder, or investment banker or other Person is entitled to any brokers, financial advisors, finders, or other fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Buyer, or any of its Affiliates for which Buyer, any Seller, or the Company (following the Closing) may become liable.

ARTICLE V 

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

5.1 Preservation of Records. For a period of seven (7) years (or three (3) years, with respect to e-mail) from the Closing Date, the Company shall preserve and keep the records held by them pertaining to the business of the Company in existence as of the Closing and shall make such records (or copies) available, at reasonable times and upon reasonable advance notice and upon execution of a confidentiality and non-use agreement reasonably satisfactory to Buyer (but reasonably taking into account the circumstances of the request), to any Seller as may be reasonably required by such Seller in connection with any insurance claims by, Proceedings or Tax audits against or affecting, or compliance with Law by, any Seller or its Affiliates.

5.2 Further Assurances; Closing Efforts

(a) Each Party will cooperate with the other Parties and execute and deliver to the other Parties such other instruments and documents and take such other actions as may be reasonably requested from time to time by the other parties as necessary to carry out, evidence and confirm the intended purposes of this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, during the period from the Signing Date to the Closing, each Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other Parties in doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective, as promptly as practicable, the Sale, including using commercially reasonable efforts to (i) cause the closing conditions set forth in Article VIIfor which it is responsible to be satisfied (but not waived) and the Closing to occur, in each case as promptly as practicable, (ii) not take any action intended to, or that would reasonably be expected to, prevent the Closing, and (iii) in the case of the Company and the Sellers, (A) make all required notices to the Persons identified on Schedule 5.2(a) or such other third parties as may be reasonably requested by Buyer (each, a Notice Target) and obtaining all necessary authorizations, consents, approvals, exemptions or other actions from such Persons identified on Schedule 5.2(a) or such other third parties as reasonably requested by Buyer (each, a Consent Target), and making all filings and taking all other steps as may be necessary to obtain such authorizations, consents, approvals, exemptions or other actions, and (B) defending and settling any Proceedings or other action, whether judicial or administrative, challenging this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including seeking to have any stay or temporary restraining order entered by any Governmental Authority (including any customer) vacated or reversed.

(b) In furtherance of the Section 5.2(a)(i) above, the Parties agree to jointly contact the Notice Targets and Consent Targets prior to Closing as follows: (i) the Company shall arrange for individual conversations through an appropriate medium with an appropriately authorized representative of each Notice Target whereby the Companys and Buyers designated staff will jointly inform such Notice Target of the proposed Sale; and (ii) the Company shall arrange for individual conversations through an appropriate medium with an appropriately authorized representative of each Consent Target whereby the Companys and Buyers designated staff will jointly inform such Consent Target of the proposed Sale and also seek reasonable assurances (whether oral or in writing) that such Consent Target consents to the change of control of the Company and will not exercise any right of termination, amendment, cancellation, acceleration or other right available under the applicable Contract that may be available as a result of the change of control of the Company (the conversations referred to in clause (i) and (ii) above, collectively, the Target Conversations).

46

(c) The Sellers shall cause the deficiencies identified on Schedule 5.2(c) to be fully remedied to the reasonable satisfaction of Buyer prior to the Closing.

(d) In addition, after the Closing, each Seller, at Buyer's request, shall prepare, execute and deliver such further instruments of conveyance, sale, assignment or transfer, and shall take or cause to be taken such other or further action as Buyer shall reasonably request at any time or from time to time in order to perfect, confirm or evidence in Buyer title to all or any part of the Acquired Interests.

5.3 Confidential Information. At all times after the Closing, no Seller shall directly or indirectly copy, disclose, disseminate or use, for personal benefit or the benefit of any third party, any Confidential Information of or relating to the Company or the Business, except for the disclosure of such Confidential Information as may be required by law or by court or administrative order (but only to the extent so required). Each Party acknowledges that, from and after the Closing, all such Confidential Information is and shall continue to be the exclusive proprietary property of the Company and Buyer. Each Seller further agrees that from and after the Closing Date, it shall forward to Buyer any such Confidential Information that at any time comes into its possession or the possession of any of its Affiliates.

5.4 Restrictive Covenants.

(a) For a period of five (5)years commencing on the Closing Date (the Restricted Period), each Seller shall not, directly or indirectly (whether individually, through an Affiliate or in conjunction with, or as a member, owner, investor, partner, manager, shareholder, director, officer, employee, consultant, creditor, lender or agent or representative of any Person, other than acting in such capacity on behalf of Buyer or any Buyer Affiliated Company):

(i) undertake, participate in, carry on, engage in or assist others in engaging in, or have any financial or other interest in, or in any other manner advise or assist any other Person in connection with the operation of, a business qualitatively similar to the Business (a Restricted Business) anywhere in the United States of America, the United Kingdom or the European Union (collectively, the Restricted Territory);

(ii) have an interest in any Person that engages directly or indirectly in a Restricted Business anywhere in the Restricted Territory in any capacity, including as a partner, shareholder, member, manager, employee, principal, agent, trustee or consultant;

(iii) solicit, entice, encourage or influence, or attempt to solicit, entice, encourage or influence, any current employee, consultant, or independent contractor of Buyer or any Buyer Affiliated Company to resign or leave the employ of Buyer or any Buyer Affiliated Company, or otherwise hire, employ, engage or contract any such employee, consultant, or independent contractor to perform services other than for the benefit of Buyer or any Buyer Affiliated Company;

47

(iv) solicit, entice, encourage or influence, or attempt to solicit, entice, encourage or influence, any customer, client, vendor, or supplier of Buyer or any Buyer Affiliated Company to adversely alter, reduce or terminate its business relationship with Buyer or any Buyer Affiliated Company;

(v) otherwise take any action which may reasonably be anticipated to interfere with or disrupt any business relationship, contractual or otherwise, between Buyer or any Buyer Affiliated Company and any client, customer, vendor, or agent of Buyer or any Buyer Affiliated Company; or

(vi) directly or indirectly engage in any conduct, oral or otherwise, that is intended to disparage or damage or would reasonably be expected to disparage or damage the reputation, goodwill, or standing in the community of Buyer or any Buyer Affiliated Company (provided, however, that this subsection shall not prohibit any party hereto from making any statement or otherwise engaging in any conduct (A) in connection with enforcing such partys rights or defending any claim under this Agreement or any Transaction Document, or (B) that is required by Law or by any governmental authority or by interrogatory, subpoena, civil investigative demand, or similar process).

Notwithstanding the foregoing restrictions, Knightvision LLLP and Kenneth R. Greenslade shall not be deemed to be in violation hereof to the extent they are affiliated with or employed by any business engaged in the manufacture, sale, distribution or other business activity involving weapon mounted optical devices.

(b) None of the following activities shall constitute a violation ofSection 5.4(a): (i) advertising job openings by the use of newspapers, magazines, the internet and other media not specifically directed at individual employees, consultants or independent contractors of Buyer or any Buyer Affiliated Company, (ii) owning, directly or indirectly, solely as a passive investment, securities of any Person traded on any national securities exchange if such Seller is not a controlling Person of, or a member of a group which controls, such Person and does not, directly or indirectly, own 2% or more of any class of securities of such Person and (iii) any actions taken in furtherance of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Transaction Documents.

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, in the event of a breach of any of the provisions of Section 5.4(a) (the Restrictive Covenants):

(i) Buyer or any Buyer Affiliated Company shall have the right and remedy, without regard to any other available remedy, to (A) seek to have the Restrictive Covenants specifically enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction, and (B) seek to have issued a temporary restraining order or an injunction restraining any such breach without posting of a bond; it being understood that any breach or threatened breach of any of the Restrictive Covenants would cause irreparable and material damages to Buyer or any Buyer Affiliated Company, the amount of which cannot be readily determined and as to which neither Buyer nor any Buyer Affiliated Company will have any adequate remedy at law or in damages.

(ii) The Parties acknowledge and agree that, due to the unique and competitive nature of the Companys Business, the Restrictive Covenants are reasonable and necessary for the protection and preservation of the value and the goodwill of Buyers businesses, constitute a material inducement to Buyer to enter into this Agreement and consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and are reasonable and valid in geographical and temporal scope and in all other respects. Further, each Seller acknowledges and agrees that none of the Restrictive Covenants will prevent such Seller from obtaining other suitable employment during the period in which such Seller is bound by the Restrictive Covenants and such Seller has sufficient assets and skills to provide a livelihood while such Restrictive Covenants remain in force. In the event that any Restrictive Covenant should ever be finally adjudicated to exceed the time, geographic, product or service, or other limitations permitted by applicable Law in any jurisdiction or to be otherwise invalid or unenforceable, the Parties agree that such Restrictive Covenant shall be deemed amended in such jurisdiction to the maximum time, geographic, product or service, or other limitations permitted by applicable Law to the extent necessary in order that such provision be valid and enforceable, it being the desire and intent of the Parties that the Restrictive Covenants be enforced to the fullest extent permissible under the Laws and public policies applied in each jurisdiction in which enforcement is sought. Each Seller further covenants that such Seller will not challenge the reasonableness or enforceability of any of the covenants set forth in this Section5.4.

48

(d) In the event of any breach or violation by a Seller or any Affiliate of such Seller of any of the Restrictive Covenants, the time period of such covenant shall be tolled as to such Seller until such breach or violation is resolved.

(e) The Restrictive Covenants and each provision contained in this Section 5.4 are severable and distinct covenants and provisions. The invalidity or unenforceability of any such covenant or provision as written shall not invalidate or render unenforceable the remaining covenants or provisions hereof, and any such invalidity or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such covenant or provision in any other jurisdiction. Further, each Seller acknowledges and agrees that the Restrictive Covenants set forth in Section 5.4 are independent covenants and shall be in addition to, and shall not supersede or be deemed to be in lieu of, any restrictive covenants set forth in any other agreement between any Seller and Buyer or any Buyer Affiliated Company.

5.5 PPP Loan Obligation. In the event any Governmental Authority, the PPP Lender or any other lender, at any time after the Closing, seeks to be repaid, or seeks to otherwise recover or recoup, all or any portion of the PPP Loan Obligation or any other Pandemic-Relief Debt that was incurred by the Company at any time prior to the Closing, or any fines, penalties, enforcement costs, audit expenses, or fees related thereto (such amounts, collectively, the Unforgiven Amount), the Sellers shall be solely, jointly and severally responsible to promptly satisfy all such amounts.

5.6 Employees and Employee Benefits Matters.

(a) The Sellers acknowledge that, effective as of the Closing, the Company may continue the employment of its employees on an at-will basis on such terms and conditions as Buyer deems advisable, including conditioning any such continued employment on such employees entering into confidentiality/non-solicitation/non-acceptance agreements that are consistent with Buyers standards. In no event shall any Buyer Affiliated Company be considered a successor employer.

(b) The Company shall, and the Sellers shall cause the Company to, pay on or prior to the Closing Date, (i) all salaries, wages, benefits, bonuses, commissions, overtime, sick and personal days, accrued vacations, severance pay, pension or profit sharing benefits, and all other amounts owing to any Seller and the other current and former members, officers, managers, directors, employees and consultants through the day immediately preceding the Closing Date, together with all amounts due for payroll, employment, social security and other Taxes in respect thereto, (ii) all accrued and earned bonuses that it owes or will owe to its current or former employees as of the day immediately preceding the Closing Date, and (iii) all amounts and other benefits (including pursuant to the Employee Plans) that have accrued on behalf of and are payable to any current or former employee of the Company (or is attributable to expenses properly incurred by such employee or former employee) as of the day immediately preceding the Closing Date, and neither Buyer nor any Buyer Affiliated Company shall assume any liability for any of the foregoing. From and after the Closing, as between the Buyer Affiliated Companies (including the Company), on the one hand, and the Sellers, on the other hand, the Sellers and not the Buyer Affiliated Companies (including the Company) shall be liable for all claims by employees or former employees for medical, dental, life insurance, health, accident or disability, reimbursement or any other benefits payable by reason of any event that occurs prior to the Closing Date.

49

(c) No provision of this Section 5.6 shall (i) create any third party beneficiary or other rights in any employee or former employee (including any beneficiary or dependent thereof) of the Company or any other Person, (ii) constitute or create an employment agreement or (iii) constitute or be deemed to constitute an amendment to any Employee Plan or any employee benefit plan, policy or arrangement sponsored or maintained by Buyer or any Buyer Affiliated Company (including the Company after the Closing).

5.7 Retained Liabilities. The Sellers shall, on behalf of the Company, pay or otherwise satisfy or cause to be paid or otherwise satisfied in full, promptly when due, all Retained Liabilities.

5.8 Seller Releases.

(a) Each Seller, on its own behalf and on behalf of its heirs, Representatives, beneficiaries, successors, assigns and Affiliates, does hereby irrevocably, unconditionally, voluntarily, knowingly, fully, finally and completely forever release and discharge each of the Company, Buyer and each other Buyer Affiliated Company, and each of their respective parents, subsidiaries, divisions, Affiliates and their owners, stockholders, equity holders, officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, Representatives and the successors, predecessors, beneficiaries, heirs and assigns of each of the foregoing, individually and collectively (each, a Released Party), from, against and with respect to any and all actions, accounts, causes of action, complaints, charges, covenants, Contracts, Liabilities, defenses, duties, executions, fees, injuries, interest, judgments, penalties, promises, reimbursements, remedies, suits, sums of money, and torts, of whatever kind or character, whether in law, equity or otherwise, direct or indirect, fixed or contingent, foreseeable or unforeseeable, liquidated or unliquidated, known or unknown, matured or unmatured, absolute or contingent, determined or determinable, that each Seller or its heirs, Representatives, beneficiaries, successors, assigns and Affiliates ever had or now has, or may hereafter have or acquire, against the Released Parties that arise out of or in any way relate, directly or indirectly, to any matter, cause or thing, act or failure to act whatsoever occurring at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, including each Sellers current or former ownership of the Company or the ownership, operation, business, affairs, management, prospects or financial condition of the Company; provided, however, that the forgoing release does not include any claims related to or arising out of this Agreement or any Transaction Document.

(b) Each Seller represents that it has not (i) filed and covenants that it will not file or permit to be filed any Action against any Released Party with any Governmental Authority or any other forum in any jurisdiction, in relation to any matter released or purported to be released hereunder or (ii) authorized any other Person to assert any such claim on its behalf. Each Seller shall cause its heirs, Representatives, beneficiaries, successors, assigns and Affiliates to comply with this Section 5.8(b).

(c) Each Seller expressly acknowledges that the release provided under this Section 5.8 is intended to include in its effect all claims within the scope of this release that such Seller may not know or suspect to exist in its favor at the time of execution hereof, and that this release contemplates the extinguishment of any such claim or claims.

50

(d) Each Seller expressly acknowledges that it is aware that statutes exist that render null and void or otherwise affect or may affect releases and discharges of any claims, rights, demands, liabilities, actions and causes of action which are unknown to the releasing or discharging party at the time of execution of the release and discharge. Each Seller, for itself and its heirs, Representatives, beneficiaries, successors, assigns and Affiliates, hereby expressly waives, surrenders and agrees to forego any and all protections, rights or benefits to which it otherwise would be entitled by virtue of the existence of any such statute or the common law of any state or jurisdiction with the same or similar effect. Further, each Seller understands and agrees that the facts in respect of which the release provided under this Section 5.8 is given may turn out to be other than or different from the facts in that respect now known or believed by such Seller to be true; and with such understanding and agreement, each Seller expressly accepts and assumes the risk of facts being other than or different from the assumptions and perceptions as of any date prior to and including the Closing Date, and agrees that this release shall be in all respects effective and shall not be subject to termination or rescission by reason of any such difference in facts.

(e) The release provided under this Section 5.8 extends to and shall be binding upon each Seller and such Sellers heirs, Representatives, beneficiaries, successors, assigns and Affiliates, and shall inure to the benefit of all of the Released Parties.

5.9 Forwarding of Funds. After the Closing, if any payment is received by any Seller on or with respect to any asset or property of the Company, or any payment is received by any Seller attributable to the Company or any other Buyer Affiliated Company from and after the Closing Date, such Seller shall immediately account for and pay over such payment to the Company. The Parties agree to reasonably cooperate and work in good faith with respect to identification and remission of any such funds.

5.10 Conduct of Business. During the period from the Signing Date to the Closing, except as otherwise expressly contemplated by this Agreement or consented to in writing by Buyer, the Company shall, and the Sellers shall cause the Company to: (a) conduct its operations only in the ordinary course of business; and (b) use all reasonable efforts to maintain and preserve its business organization and its material rights, retain the services of its members, directors, officers and employees, maintain relationships with its customers and suppliers and other relationships, and maintain all of its operating assets in their current condition (normal wear and tear excepted), in each case for the purpose of maintaining, and avoiding any material impairment of, the goodwill and ongoing business of the Company. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, during the period from the Signing Date to the Closing, except as consented to in writing by Buyer, each Seller shall not, and the Company shall not (and the Sellers shall cause the Company not to): (x) take any action that would cause any of the changes, events or conditions described in Section 3.11 to occur; or (y) (i) issue, sell or dispose of any equity interests of the Company or grant options, warrants, calls or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any equity securities or other securities of the Company; (ii) effect any recapitalization, reclassification or like change in the capitalization of the Company; (iii) except as otherwise provided under Section 5.6, establish, amend, modify, or terminate any Employee Plan; or (iv) amend any Organizational Documents. Prior to the Closing, the Sellers shall promptly notify Buyer of any event, circumstance or other instance that results or may reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

5.11 No Solicitation of Other Bids.

(a) The Sellers shall not, and shall not authorize or permit any of their Affiliates (including the Company) or any of their or its respective Representatives to, directly or indirectly, (i) encourage, solicit, initiate, facilitate, or continue inquiries regarding an Acquisition Proposal (as defined below); (ii) enter into discussions or negotiations with, or provide any information to, any Person concerning a possible Acquisition Proposal; or (iii) enter into any agreements or other instruments (whether or not binding) regarding an Acquisition Proposal. The Sellers shall immediately cease and cause to be terminated, and shall cause its Affiliates (including the Company) and all of its and their respective Representatives to immediately cease and cause to be terminated, all existing discussions or negotiations with any Persons conducted heretofore with respect to, or that could lead to, an Acquisition Proposal. For the purpose hereof, Acquisition Proposal shall mean any inquiry, proposal, or offer from any Person (other than Buyer or any of its Affiliates) concerning: (i) a merger, consolidation, liquidation, recapitalization, share exchange, or other business combination transaction involving the Company; (ii) the issuance or acquisition of equity securities of the Company Group; or (iii) the sale, lease, exchange, or other disposition of any significant portion of the Companys properties or assets.

51

(b) In addition to the other obligations under this Section 5.11, the Sellers shall promptly (and in any event within three (3) Business Days after receipt thereof by any of the Sellers or their Representatives) advise Buyer orally and in writing of any Acquisition Proposal, any request for information with respect to any Acquisition Proposal, or any inquiry with respect to or which could reasonably be expected to result in an Acquisition Proposal, the material terms and conditions of such request, Acquisition Proposal or inquiry, and the identity of the Person making the same.

(c) The Sellers agree that the rights and remedies for noncompliance with this Section5.11 shall include having such provision specifically enforced by any court having equity jurisdiction, it being acknowledged and agreed that any such breach or threatened breach shall cause irreparable injury to Buyer and that money damages would not provide an adequate remedy to Buyer.

5.12 Financing Matters.

(a) Buyer shall use its good faith efforts to obtain the Financing. In order to assist with Buyer obtaining the Financing, the Sellers shall, and shall cause the Company to, at the sole cost and expense of Buyer, provide such reasonable assistance and cooperation as Buyer and its Affiliates and Representatives may reasonably request, including, but not limited to, assistance in providing information necessary or advisable for the preparation of any offering memorandum or similar document, assisting with underwriters, initial purchasers or placement agents, making senior management of the Company reasonably available for customary roadshow presentations and cooperation with underwriters, initial purchasers, placement agents or prospective lenders in performing their due diligence, entering into customary agreements with underwriters, initial purchasers or placement agents, and entering into other requested certificates or documents, including a customary certificate of the chief financial officer of the Company with respect to solvency matters, comfort letters of accountants, legal opinions and title documentation. In no event shall any Seller be required to become obligated, as borrower, guarantor or otherwise, with respect to any Buyer indebtedness.

(b) Buyer shall promptly (i) furnish to Sellers Representative copies of all written commitment letters, letters of intent, or other agreements in principle with respect to all debt or equity financing reasonably expected to be obtained in connection with the Financing, and (ii) advise the Sellers orally and, if requested by Sellers Representative, in writing of (A) any significant change in the status of any such financing arrangements, or (B) to the knowledge of Buyer, any other event which could reasonably be expected to materially delay or prevent the consummation of the Financing. Buyer shall promptly provide Sellers Representative with copies of any written changes or termination of the commitments described in clause (i) and any written commitments for alternate financing.

5.13 Access to Information. During the period from the Signing Date to the Closing, the Company shall, and the Sellers shall cause the Company to: (a) afford Buyer and its Representatives commercially reasonable access to and the right to inspect all of the real property, properties, assets, premises, books and records, Contracts and other documents and data related to the Company; (b) furnish Buyer and its Representatives with such financial, operating and other data and information related to the Company as Buyer or any of its Representatives may reasonably request; and (c) instruct the Representatives of the Sellers and the Company to reasonably cooperate with Buyer and its Representatives in its investigation of the Company. Any investigation pursuant to this Section 5.13 shall be conducted in such manner as not to interfere unreasonably with the conduct of the business of the Company. No investigation by Buyer or other information received by Buyer shall operate as a waiver or otherwise affect any representation, warranty, or agreement given or made by the Sellers in this Agreement.

52

5.14 Interim Financial Statements. No later than fifteen (15) days after the last day of each calendar month ending prior to the Closing, beginning with December, 2024, the Company shall, and the Sellers shall cause the Company to, deliver to Buyer an unaudited balance sheet of the Company as of the last day of such calendar month and the related unaudited statements of income, cash flows and changes in equityholders equity (deficiency) for such calendar month (the Pre-Closing Financial Statements), prepared on a basis consistent with the Interim Financial Statements.

ARTICLE VI 

TAX MATTERS

The following provisions shall govern the allocation of responsibility as between Buyer, on the one hand, and the Sellers, on the other, for certain Tax matters following the Closing Date:

6.1 Filing of Tax Returns.

(a) Sellers Representative shall prepare, or cause to be prepared, at its sole cost all Pass-Through Tax Returns of the Company for all taxable periods ending on or before the Closing Date (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Tax Return of the Company for any Straddle Period which shall be prepared in accordance with Section 6.1(b)), (each such Tax Return, a Pre-Closing Income Tax Return). The Pre-Closing Income Tax Returns shall include any Tax Returns (including any Pass-Through Tax Returns) which are required by (or otherwise the obligation under) applicable Law to be filed by or with respect to the Sellers. All such Pre-Closing Income Tax Returns shall be prepared in accordance with past practice (but only to the extent such past practice is supportable at least at a more likely than not level of comfort), except as otherwise required by Law. Not later than thirty (30) days prior to the due date for filing thereof, Sellers Representative shall provide Buyer with drafts of all such Pre-Closing Income Tax Returns (and all supporting workpapers). Buyer shall have the right to review and approve any such Pre-Closing Income Tax Returns during the twenty-five (25) day period following the receipt of such Pre-Closing Income Tax Returns (and all supporting workpapers), which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.Buyer shall cause the Company to file such Pre-Closing Income Tax Returns (as prepared in accordance with this Section 6.1) and remit, or cause the Company to remit, payment for any Taxes shown as due and payable by the Company on such Pre-Closing Income Tax Returns. At least two (2) Business Days prior to the due date of the payment of Taxes shown as due and payable by the Company on any Pre-Closing Income Tax Return, the Sellers shall pay any such Taxes to Buyer (or, at Buyers request, the Company) to the extent such Taxes were not included in the calculation of Closing Date Indebtedness or Closing Date Net Working Capital.

(b) Buyer shall prepare and file, or cause to be prepared and filed, all other Tax Returns of the Company that have a due date (including extensions) after Closing and include Pre-Closing Tax Periods (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Straddle Periods) (Buyer Pre-Closing Tax Returns). All such Buyer Pre-Closing Tax Returns shall be prepared in accordance with past practice (but only to the extent such past practice is supportable at least at a more likely than not level of comfort), except as otherwise required by Law. No later than thirty (30) days prior to the due date for filing thereof (or such shorter time as is commercially reasonable in the case of a Tax Return other than an income Tax Return), Buyer shall provide Sellers Representative with drafts of all such Buyer Pre-Closing Tax Returns that include items outside the ordinary course of business (other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement). Sellers Representative shall have the right to review and comment on any such Buyer Pre-Closing Tax Returns during the twenty-five (25) day period (or such shorter time as is commercially reasonable in the case of a Tax Return other than an income Tax Return) following the receipt of such Buyer Pre-Closing Tax Returns. Buyer shall consider in good faith all reasonable comments provided by Sellers Representative to Buyer in writing during such review period. At least two (2) Business Days prior to the due date of the payment of Taxes shown as due and payable by the Company on any Buyer Pre-Closing Tax Returns, the Sellers shall pay any such Taxes to Buyer (or, at Buyers request, the Company) to the extent such Taxes were not included in the calculation of Closing Date Indebtedness or Closing Date Net Working Capital.

53

6.2 Straddle Periods. For purposes of this Agreement, whenever it is necessary to determine the liability for Taxes of the Company for any Straddle Period, the determination of the Taxes for the portion of the Straddle Period ending on and including, and the portion of the Straddle Period beginning after, the Closing Date shall be determined by assuming that the Straddle Period consisted of two (2) taxable years or periods, one which ended at the close of business on the Closing Date and the other which began at the beginning of the day following the Closing Date, and items of income, gain, deduction, loss, or credit for the Straddle Period shall be allocated between such two (2) taxable years or periods on a closing of the books basis by assuming that the books of the Company, as applicable, were closed at the close of the Closing Date; provided, however, that (a) exemptions, allowances, or deductions that are calculated on an annual basis, such as the deduction for depreciation, and (b) periodic taxes (other than income, franchise/capital, sales, use, or withholding Taxes) such as real and personal property taxes, shall be apportioned ratably between such periods based on the number of days for the portion of the Straddle Period ending on and including the Closing Date, on the one hand, and the number of days for the portion of the Straddle Period beginning after the Closing Date, on the other hand.

6.3 Contests Related to Taxes.

(a) Buyer and the Company, on the one hand, and the Sellers and Sellers Representative, on the other hand, shall promptly notify Sellers Representative or Buyer, respectively, upon receipt by such party of written notice of any inquiries, claims, assessments, audits or similar events with respect to Taxes of the Sellers or the Company relating to a Pre-Closing Tax Period or Straddle Period (any such inquiry, claim, assessment, audit or similar event, a Tax Matter). Any failure to so notify the other party of any Tax Matter shall not relieve such other Party of any liability with respect to such Tax Matters except to the extent such Party was actually prejudiced as a result thereof.

(b) Buyer and/or the Company shall have sole control of the conduct of all Tax Matters, including any settlement or compromise thereof. Buyer shall keep Sellers Representative reasonably informed of the progress of any Tax Matter and shall not affect any settlement or compromise with respect to which Sellers are liable without obtaining Sellers Representatives prior written consent thereto, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned.

(c) Except as otherwise provided in Section 6.4, Buyer and/or the Company shall have the sole right to, in each case with respect to the Company, control any Tax Proceeding by any Governmental Authority, initiate any claim for refund or amend any Tax Return, and contest, resolve and defend against any assessment for additional Taxes, notice of Tax deficiency or other adjustment of Taxes of, or relating to, the income, assets or operations of the Company and for all Tax periods.

54

(d) This Section 6.4, and not Section 8.5, shall control with respect to Sellers Tax Claims.

6.4 Cooperation on Tax Matters. The Parties shall cooperate, and shall cause their respective representatives to cooperate, including by agreeing to furnish or cause to be furnished to the other, upon request, as promptly as practicable, such information and assistance relating to Taxes of the Company for Pre-Closing Tax Periods, including, without limitation, access to employees and books and records, as is reasonably necessary in preparing and filing all Tax Returns (including amended Tax Returns and claims for refund), in making any election relating to Taxes, in handling audits, examinations, investigations and administrative, court or other Proceedings relating to Taxes, in resolving all disputes, audits and refund claims with respect to such Tax Returns and Taxes, and in all other appropriate Tax matters. Any information obtained by any party hereto or its Affiliates or representatives from another Party or its Affiliates or representatives in connection with any Tax matters to which this Agreement relates shall be kept confidential, except: (i) as may be otherwise necessary (A) in connection with the filing of Tax Returns or claims for refund or in conducting an audit or other Proceeding relating to Taxes or as may be otherwise required by applicable Law, (B) to enforce rights under this Agreement or (C) to pursue any claim for refund or contest any proposed Tax assessment; or (ii) for any external disclosure in audited financial statements or regulatory filings which a party hereto reasonably believes is required by applicable Law or stock exchange or similar applicable rules.

6.5 Push Out Election. With respect to the Company or any entity or arrangement classified as a partnership for federal income Tax purposes that the Company thereof holds an interest in, if such entity or arrangement receives a notice of final partnership adjustment as described in Section 6226 of the Code (or similar provision of state or local Law) with respect to any Pre-Closing Tax Period, at the request of Buyer, Sellers Representative and the Sellers shall take all steps necessary to cause such entity or arrangement to make an election under Section 6226(a) of the Code.

6.6 Transfer Taxes. Any transfer, documentary, sales, use, stamp, registration, and other similar Taxes and fees (including any penalties and interest) incurred in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein shall be borne and paid fifty percent (50%) by Buyer and fifty percent (50%) by the Sellers when due. Buyer and the Sellers agree to cooperate in the execution and delivery of all instruments and certificates necessary to enable Buyer to comply with any pre-Closing filing requirements.

6.7 Tax Sharing Agreements. All existing Tax indemnity agreements, Tax receivables agreements, Tax sharing agreements, Tax allocation agreements or any similar or analogous arrangement that obligates the Company to make any payment with respect to Taxes of any other Person (other than commercial agreements or arrangements not primarily related to Taxes entered into in the ordinary course of business) shall be terminated, and all payables and receivables arising thereunder shall be settled, in each case prior to the Closing Date. On and after the Closing Date, the Company shall not have any further obligations thereunder.

6.8 Tax Distributions. For the avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Organizational Documents of the Company or otherwise, from and after the Closing, no tax distributions shall be made to any Person pursuant to Section 5.3 of the Third Amendment to and Restatement of Operating Agreement of the Company, dated March 20, 2024, or any other document; provided, that such tax distributions, if any, shall be made solely to the extent they are taken into account in the determination of Closing Date Indebtedness, as finally determined, for purposes of this Agreement, and subject to all rights and obligations with respect to Closing Date Indebtedness as set forth in this Agreement.

55

ARTICLE VII 

CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

7.1 Mutual Conditions. The obligations of each of the Parties to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be subject to fulfillment of all of the following conditions:

(a) No Governmental Authority shall have initiated any Proceedings or otherwise taken any action to enjoin, condition, object, or otherwise restrain consummation of the Sale;

(b) No temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order or decree which prevents the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been issued and remain in effect, and no statute, rule or regulation shall have been enacted by any Governmental Authority that would prevent the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(c) Any Governmental Approval of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement required under any applicable Laws, Orders, Regulations, or any guidelines promulgated thereunder, shall have been received.

7.2 Conditions to Obligations of the Sellers. The obligations of the Sellers to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be subject to the fulfillment of all of the following conditions unless waived by Sellers Representative in writing:

(a) Each representation and warranty of Buyer set forth in Article IV of this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Signing Date and as of the Closing Date, except that (i) representations and warranties made as of a specified date need be true and correct only as of the specified date, and (ii) representations and warranties qualified by concepts of materiality shall be true and correct in all respects.

(b) Buyer shall have performed and observed in all material respects all obligations and conditions to be performed or observed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing.

(c) Buyer shall have furnished the Sellers with a certificate dated as of the Closing Date signed on its behalf by an authorized officer to the effect that the conditions set forth in Sections 7.2(a) and (b) have been satisfied.

(d) Buyer shall have taken the actions required to be taken by Buyer pursuant to Section 2.6.

7.3 Conditions to Obligations of Buyer. The obligations of Buyer to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be subject to the fulfillment of all of the following conditions unless waived by Buyer in writing:

(a) Each representation and warranty of Sellers set forth in Article III of this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Signing Date and as of the Closing Date, except that (i) representations and warranties made as of a specified date need be true and correct only as of the specified date, and (ii) representations and warranties qualified by concepts of materiality shall be true and correct in all respects.

56

(b) Each Seller shall have performed and observed in all material respects all obligations and conditions to be performed or observed by them under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing, including, without limitation, the delivery of the items set forth in Section 2.5 hereof.

(c) Since the Signing Date, there shall not have been any change in the assets, liabilities, business, prospects, results of operations or financial condition of the Company or any Seller that has or could be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) The Sellers shall have furnished Buyer with a certificate dated as of the Closing Date, executed by the Sellers, to the effect that the conditions set forth in Sections 7.3(a), (b) and (c) have been satisfied.

(e) The Sellers shall have taken the actions required to be taken by the Sellers pursuant to Section 2.5.

(f) Seller shall have obtained and delivered to Buyer all consents, approvals or waivers Buyer deems necessary or desirable in order to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation, consents under all Contracts set forth on Schedule 7.3(f).

(g) The Company shall have: (i) effective as of immediately before the Closing, (i) terminated all employment contracts between the Company and each of its employees, with such employees continuing in the employ of the Company on an at-will basis, and (ii) delivered to Buyer evidence reasonably satisfactory to Buyer of such terminations.

(h) Prior to the Closing, Buyer shall have obtained on terms and conditions acceptable to Buyer, in its sole and absolute discretion, all of the financing (equity and/or debt) it needs in order to purchase the Acquired Interests and to otherwise consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Financing).

7.4 Frustration of Closing Conditions. Neither the Sellers nor Buyer may rely on the failure of any condition set forth in Section 7.1, Section 7.2, or Section 7.3, as the case may be (but specifically excluding Section 7.3(h)), to be satisfied if such failure was caused by such Partys (or any of its Affiliates) breach of this Agreement or failure to act in good faith or use its reasonable efforts to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

ARTICLE VIII 

SURVIVAL AND INDEMNIFICATION

8.1 Survival of Representations and Warranties and Covenants. All representations, warranties, covenants and agreements made by the Parties in this Agreement or any certificate delivered pursuant hereto shall survive the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The representations and warranties contained in Articles III and IV shall survive until the date that is eighteen (18) months after the Closing Date, except that (a) any claims of Fraud shall survive indefinitely, and (b) Seller Fundamental Representations, Buyer Fundamental Representations and the representations and warranties in Section 3.16 (Taxes) and Section 3.13 (Employee Benefit Plans) shall survive until their applicable statute of limitations periods (giving effect to any waiver, mitigation or extension thereof) plus sixty (60) days; provided, however, that any claim for indemnification asserted in good faith with reasonable specificity (to the extent known at such time) that is brought on or prior to the expiration date of the applicable survival period shall survive until fully and finally resolved in accordance with the terms, conditions and procedures set forth herein. All covenants of the Parties contained herein shall survive for the earlier to occur of the period explicitly specified therein or until fully performed. The Parties intend that the applicable statute of limitations shall be modified as set forth above.

57

8.2 Indemnification.

(a) Subject to the limitations, procedures and priorities set forth in this Article VIII, from and after the Closing, the Sellers shall, jointly and severally, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, Buyer, their Affiliates and their respective Representatives (the Buyer Indemnified Persons) from and against any costs, fees, or expenses (including reasonable fees of attorneys, accountants, and other experts, costs of investigation, costs of enforcing this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and any and all expenses incurred in preparing for or defending against any litigation, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever), judgments, fines, claims, damages, assessments, losses, liabilities, offsets, interest, awards, fines, penalties, payments, settlements, deficiencies, interest, disgorgements, suits, actions, and Taxes (collectively, Losses) incurred by them resulting from, based upon, attributable to, or arising out of, any of the following:

(i) any breach of or inaccuracy (or alleged inaccuracy or breach) in any of the representations and warranties contained in Article III, as though such representations and warranties were made as of the Signing Date and as of the Closing, or in any certificates delivered by any Seller pursuant hereto;

(ii) any nonfulfillment or breach (or alleged nonfulfillment or breach) (A) by any Seller of any of their covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document, or (B) by the Company of any of its covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement to be performed or fulfilled on or prior to the Closing;

(iii) any Closing Date Indebtedness or Selling Expenses to the extent not included in the determination of the Final Adjustment Amount;

(iv) failure to obtain the consent of a party whose consent is required in connection with the Sale or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

(v) without duplication of any right to recovery herein and only to the extent not taken into account in determining the Final Adjustment Amount, (A) any Taxes (or the non-payment thereof) of or with respect to the Company for any Pre-Closing Tax Period (or any portion thereof), including any costs and expenses of preparing, filing or defending any Tax Return for a taxable period ending on or before the Closing Date, (B) any Taxes of any Person (other than the Company) imposed on the Company as a transferee or successor, by Contract (other than any Contract that is entered into in the ordinary course of business and the principal purpose of which is not related to Taxes) or otherwise pursuant to Law, in each case relating to an event or transaction occurring before the Closing Date, (C) all Taxes of any member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group of which the Company (or any predecessor of the Company) is or was a member on or prior to the Closing Date by reason of a liability under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 or any comparable provisions of foreign, state or local applicable Law, (D) any Transfer Taxes that are the responsibility of the Sellers pursuant to Section 6.6, (E) any Taxes of any Seller for any taxable period (or portion thereof), and (F) the employers share of any payroll, employment or similar Taxes required to be made with respect any compensatory payments made in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby;

(vi) any Retained Liability;

58

(vii) any actual pre-Closing Security Breach;

(viii) any Liabilities described on or otherwise related to the matters set forth on Schedule 8.2(a); or

(ix) Fraud by any Seller or by the Company prior to the Closing Date.

Buyer shall be deemed to have suffered Losses with respect to an indemnifiable claim if the same shall be suffered by any Buyer Affiliated Company after the Closing.

(b) Subject to the limitations, procedures and priorities set forth in this Article VIII, from and after the Closing, the Buyer Parties shall, jointly and severally, indemnify and hold harmless the Sellers and their respective Representatives (the Seller Indemnified Persons) from and against any Losses actually incurred by them resulting from, or arising out of (i) the breach of any representation or warranty of Buyer contained in this Agreement, as though such representations and warranties were made as of the Signing Date and as of the Closing, or in any certificate delivered by Buyer pursuant hereto or (ii) any nonfulfillment or breach (or alleged nonfulfillment or breach) by Buyer of any of its covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document.

8.3 Calculation of Losses; Other Indemnification Matters.

(a) For the purposes of calculating Losses to which the Buyer Indemnified Persons and the Seller Indemnified Persons are entitled under this Article VIII, (a) such Losses shall not include any punitive or exemplary damages, except to the extent payable to a third party, (b) such Losses shall not include Losses related to any matter that was taken into account in the Final Adjustment Amount, and (c) such Losses shall be reduced by the amount of any actual recovery received from a third party insurance company, net of any reasonable costs of recovery or premium increases incurred in connection therewith.

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event that a claim for indemnification may be brought by a Buyer Indemnified Person pursuant to more than one sub-clause of Section 8.2(a), such Buyer Indemnified Person may select under which sub-clauses such claim is being made.

(c) For purposes of this Article VII, any inaccuracy in or breach of any representation or warranty shall be determined without regard to any materiality, Material Adverse Effect or other similar qualification contained in or otherwise applicable to such representation or warranty or the Losses arising therefrom.

(d) The representations, warranties and covenants of the Sellers, and the Buyer Indemnified Persons right to indemnification with respect thereto, shall not be affected or deemed waived by reason of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Buyer Indemnified Person (including by any of its Representatives) or by reason of the fact that the Buyer Indemnified Person or any of its Representatives knew or should have known that any such representation or warranty is, was or might be inaccurate.

(e) The Parties acknowledge and agree that the indemnification provisions of this Article XIII are intended to provide the sole and exclusive remedy following the Closing with respect to any and all claims for any breach of any representation, warranty, covenant, agreement or other obligation herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Article VIIIshall limit any Partys right to seek and obtain (i) any equitable relief, including specific performance, temporary restraining order or temporary or permanent injunction, or (ii) any remedy on account of fraud or criminal conduct in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the performance of a Partys obligations hereunder.

59

8.4 Additional Limitations on Indemnification Obligations. The Sellers shall not have any liability to any Buyer Indemnified Person (a) with respect to claims under Section 8.2(a)(i) (other than those based on a breach of any Seller Fundamental Representation or Buyer Fundamental Representation) unless and until the total of all Losses with respect to such claims exceeds $200,000 (the Threshold), in which case the Sellers shall be liable to the Buyer Indemnified Persons with respect to the amount that exceeds such Threshold in connection with such Losses (subject to clause (b) below); and (b) with respect to claims under Section 8.2(a)(i) (other than those based on a breach of any Seller Fundamental Representation or Buyer Fundamental Representation) for any item or related set of items where the Losses relating thereto are less than $5,000 (the De Minimis Amount) (it being understood that such items will not be aggregated for purposes of the immediately preceding clause (a)). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the aggregate liability of the Sellers (x) with respect to indemnification obligations for claims under Section 8.2(a)(i) (other than those based on a breach of any Seller Fundamental Representation or Buyer Fundamental Representation and any claims of Fraud) hereunder shall not exceed fifteen percent (15%) of the Base Closing Date Purchase Price, (y) with respect to all indemnification obligations hereunder, other than claims under Section 8.2(a)(ix), the Seller Fundamental Representations and the Buyer Fundamental Representations, shall be limited to the Base Closing Date Purchase Price, and (z) with respect to all indemnification obligations under Section 8.2(a)(ix), the Seller Fundamental Representations and the Buyer Fundamental Representations shall not be limited in any respect.

8.5 Indemnification Procedures. The following procedures shall govern claims for indemnification under this Article VIII:

(a) All claims for indemnification under this Article VIII (each, an Indemnification Claim) shall be asserted and resolved in accordance with this Section 8.5, except that Section 6.3 shall control with respect to Tax Claims.

(b) If a Buyer Indemnified Person or Seller Indemnified Person (an Indemnified Party) determines to seek indemnification under this Article VIII with respect to Indemnifiable Claims resulting from the assertion of liability by third parties (a Third Party Claim), it shall give notice to the indemnifying Party hereunder (the Indemnifying Party) within forty-five (45) days of such Indemnified Party becoming aware of any such Indemnifiable Claim, which notice shall set forth such material information with respect to such Indemnifiable Claim as is then reasonably available to such Indemnified Party. If any such liability is asserted against an Indemnified Party and such Indemnified Party notifies the Indemnifying Party of such liability, the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled, if it so elects by written notice delivered to such Indemnified Party within fifteen (15) Business Days after receiving such Indemnified Partys notice (the Response Period), to assume the defense of such asserted liability with counsel satisfactory to such Indemnified Party; provided, however, that if the Indemnifying Party assumes such defense, the Indemnifying Party shall be deemed to have accepted such claim as a valid Indemnifiable Claim. Notwithstanding the foregoing: (i) such Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ its own counsel in any such case, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be payable by such Indemnified Party; (ii) such Indemnified Party shall not have any obligation to give any notice of any assertion of liability by a third party unless such assertion is in writing; and (iii) the rights of such Indemnified Party to be indemnified in respect of indemnifiable claims resulting from the assertion of liability by third parties shall not be adversely affected by its failure to give notice pursuant to the foregoing provisions unless, and, if so, only to the extent that, the Indemnifying Party is materially prejudiced by such failure. With respect to any assertion of liability by a third party that results in an Indemnifiable Claim, the Parties shall make available to each other all relevant information in their possession that is material to any such assertion.

60

(c) In the event that the Indemnifying Party fails to assume the defense of an Indemnified Party against any such Indemnifiable Claim within the Response Period, the Indemnified Party shall have the right to defend, compromise or settle such Indemnifiable Claim on behalf, for the account, and at the risk of the Indemnifying Party.

(d) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 8.5 to the contrary, the Indemnifying Party will not be entitled to assume control of the defense of an Indemnifiable Claim, and will pay the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel retained by the Indemnified Party, if: (i) the Indemnified Party reasonably believes that an adverse determination of such proceeding could be detrimental to or injure the Indemnified Partys reputation or future business prospects; (ii) the Indemnified Party reasonably believes that there exists or could arise a conflict of interest that, under applicable principles of legal ethics, could prohibit a single legal counsel from representing both the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party in such proceeding or (iii) a court of competent jurisdiction rules that the Indemnifying Party has failed or is failing to prosecute or defend diligently such claim.

(e) The Indemnifying Party shall not, without such Indemnified Partys prior written consent, settle or compromise any Indemnifiable Claim or consent to entry of any judgment in respect of any Indemnifiable Claim unless such settlement, compromise or consent involves only the payment of money and includes, as an unconditional term, the giving by the claimant or the plaintiff to such Indemnified Party (and its subsidiaries and Affiliates) an unconditional release from all liability in respect of such Indemnifiable Claim.

(f) In the event any Indemnified Party should have an Indemnifiable Claim against any Indemnifying Party that does not involve a Third Party Claim, the Indemnified Party shall deliver written notice of such claim with reasonable promptness to the Indemnifying Party specifying in reasonable detail the nature of the Indemnifiable Claim and the basis thereof. The failure by any Indemnified Party so to notify the Indemnifying Party shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party from any liability that it may have to such Indemnified Party with respect to any claim made pursuant to this Section 8.5, it being understood that written notices for claims in respect of a breach of a representation or warranty must be delivered prior to the expiration of the survival period for such representation or warranty under Section 8.1; provided that, the party entitled to receive such notice was not, as a result of such failure to give prompt written notice, (a) deprived of its right to recover any payment under its applicable insurance coverage, (b) otherwise damaged or prejudiced or (c) deprived of its rights and remedies under this Agreement. If the Indemnifying Party does not notify the Indemnified Party within thirty (30) days following its receipt of such written notice that the Indemnifying Party disputes its liability to the Indemnified Party under this Article VIII, or the amount thereof, the claim specified by the Indemnified Party in such written notice shall be conclusively deemed a liability of the Indemnifying Party under this Article VIII, and the Indemnifying Party shall pay the amount of such Losses to the Indemnified Party on demand or, in the case of any written notice in which the amount of the claim (or any portion of the claim) is estimated, on such later date when the amount of such claim (or such portion of such claim) is determined.

8.6 Adjustment to Purchase Price. The Parties agree that any indemnification payments made pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as an adjustment to the purchase price of the Acquired Interests in the Sale, unless otherwise required by applicable Law.

8.7 Priority of Recourse. Notwithstanding anything else contained herein to the contrary but subject to the Threshold and the De Minimis Amount, the Buyer Indemnified Persons shall seek to recover for any and all Losses recoverable as permitted under this Agreement in the following priority: (a) first, from the Escrow Account; and (b) second, to the extent the Escrow Account has been reduced to zero, directly against the Sellers or against amounts that Buyer may owe to any Seller pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise.

61

8.8 Release of Escrow Account.

(a) In the event the funds in the Escrow Account have not been fully disbursed in accordance with this Agreement by the first anniversary of the Closing Date (the First Disbursement Date), Buyer and Sellers Representative shall instruct the Escrow Agent to disburse to the account(s) designated in writing by Sellers Representative at least two (2) Business Days prior to the First Disbursement Date an amount equal to (i) One Million Three Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($1,350,000), less (ii) the aggregate amount of funds in the Escrow Account that have been disbursed in accordance with this Agreement, less (iii) the aggregate amount of Indemnifiable Claims that have not been resolved as of the First Disbursement Date, which aggregate amount shall be allocated among the Sellers in the proportions set forth on Schedule 2.2(a).

(b) In the event the funds in the Escrow Account have not been fully disbursed in accordance with this Agreement by the eighteen (18) month anniversary of the Closing Date (the Second Disbursement Date), Buyer and Sellers Representative shall instruct the Escrow Agent to disburse to the account(s) designated in writing by Sellers Representative at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Second Disbursement Date an amount equal to (i) the funds remaining in the Escrow Account on the Second Disbursement Date, less (ii) the aggregate amount of Indemnifiable Claims that have not been resolved as of the Final Disbursement Date, which aggregate amount shall be allocated among the Sellers in the proportions set forth on Schedule 2.2(a). Once all Indemnifiable Claims have been finally resolved pursuant to this Agreement (the Final Disbursement Date), within ten (10) days thereafter, Buyer and Sellers Representative shall instruct the Escrow Agent to disburse to the account(s) designated in writing by Sellers Representative at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Final Disbursement Date an amount equal to the funds remaining in the Escrow Account on the Final Disbursement Date.

ARTICLE IX 

TERMINATION

9.1 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing:

(a) by mutual consent of Buyer and Sellers Representative;

(b) by either Buyer or Sellers Representative, if any permanent injunction or other Order of any Governmental Authority preventing the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby shall have become final and non-appealable;

(c) by Buyer if any Seller remains in breach of any representation or warranty contained herein for ten (10) days after the date on which Buyer has notified Sellers Representative in writing of such breach;

(d) by Sellers Representative if Buyer remains in breach of any representation or warranty contained herein for ten (10) days after the date on which the Sellers Representative has notified Buyer in writing of such breach;

(e) by Buyer if any obligation, term or condition to be performed, kept or observed by any Seller has not been performed, kept or observed in any material respect at or prior to the time specified in this Agreement and such failure continues for ten (10) days after the date on which Buyer has notified Sellers Representative in writing of such failure;

62

(f) by Sellers Representative if any obligation, term or condition to be performed, kept or observed by Buyer has not been performed, kept or observed in any material respect at or prior to the time specified in this Agreement and such failure continues for ten (10) days after the date on which Sellers Representative has notified Buyer in writing of such failure;

(g) by either Buyer or Sellers Representative, if the Closing shall not have occurred on or before April 30, 2025 (the Outside Date), provided that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 9.1(g) shall not be available to any Party whose failure (or whose Affiliates failure) to perform any material covenant or obligation under this Agreement has been the cause of or resulted in the failure of the Closing to occur on or before such date;

(h) by either Buyer or Sellers Representative, if the Closing shall not have occurred on or before the Outside Date due to the failure of the condition set forth in Section 7.3(h) to have been satisfied; or

(i) by Buyer, if, after the Signing Date, there shall have been any change in the assets, liabilities, business, prospects, results of operations or financial condition of the Company or any Seller that has or could be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

9.2 Effect of Termination. In the event of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1, this Agreement, except for the provisions of this Article IX, Section 10.11 (Governing Law; Venue), Section 10.12 (Waiver of Jury Trial) and Section 10.17 (Public Announcements), shall become void and have no effect, without any liability on the part of any Party or its Affiliates or their respective directors, officers or stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 9.2 shall relieve any Party of any liability for a breach of any provision of this Agreement prior to the date of such termination.

9.3 Notice of Termination. In the event of termination by the Sellers or by Buyer pursuant to Section 9.1, written notice of such termination shall be given by the terminating Party to the other Party(ies) to this Agreement, and such written notice shall specify the specific subsection(s) of Section 9.1 pursuant to which such terminating Party is terminating this Agreement.

ARTICLE X 

MISCELLANEOUS

10.1 Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended other than in an instrument in writing signed by all of the Parties; provided, that after the Closing, this Agreement may be amended in writing dated as of a subsequent date hereto by Buyer and the Sellers.

10.2 Waiver. A Party may extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts required to be performed by another Party, waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of another Party contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto and waive compliance with any of such Partys agreements or conditions contained herein. Any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed by the Party or Parties to be bound thereby.

63

10.3 Notices. All notices or other communications which are required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and sufficient if delivered personally, sent by nationally recognized overnight courier for next Business Day delivery or by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested) or by email (followed by nationally recognized overnight courier) as follows:

(a) If to Buyer:

LightPath Technologies, Inc.

2603 Challenger Tech Court, Suite 100

Orlando, Florida 32826

Phone: (407) 382-4003

Attn: Chief Financial Officer

Email: amiranda@lightpath.com

With a copy to:

Baker & Hostetler LLP

200 South Orange Avenue, Suite 2300

Orlando, Florida 32801

Phone: (407) 649-4000

Attn: Jeffrey E. Decker, Esq.

Email: jdecker@bakerlaw.com

(b) If to any Seller or Sellers Representative:

Kenneth R. Greenslade

29 Woodcrest Drive

Hudson, New Hampshire 03051

Phone: (321) 480-7615

Email: kketindinc@aol.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Devine, Millimet & Branch, P.A.

111 Amherst Street

Manchester, New Hampshire

Attention: Steven Cohen, Esq.

Phone: (603) 695-8504

Email: 

Attention: Angela B. Martin, Esq.

Phone: (603) 695-8527

Email: amartin@devinemillimet.com

or to such other address as the Party to whom notice is to be given may have furnished to the other Parties in writing in accordance with this Section 10.3. All such notices or communications shall be deemed to be received (i) in the case of personal delivery, upon delivery, (ii) in the case of nationally recognized overnight courier, on the Business Day immediately following the date of deposit with such courier, (iii) in the case of registered or certified mail, on the third (3rd) Business Day following the date of deposit in the mail and (iv) in the case of email, upon delivery if delivered prior to 5 p.m. Orlando, Florida time on a Business Day (or otherwise on the next Business Day), confirmation of receipt received (it being understood that any notice delivered by email must also be delivered in the manner described in clause (ii)).

64

10.4 Specific Performance. The Sellers acknowledge that the Companys businesses are unique and recognize and affirm that in the event of a breach of this Agreement by any Seller, money damages may be inadequate and Buyer may have no adequate remedy at Law. Accordingly, the Sellers agree that Buyer shall have the right, in addition to any other rights and remedies existing in their favor, to enforce its rights and the obligations of the Sellers hereunder not only by an action or actions for damages, but also by an action or actions for specific performance, injunctive or other equitable relief.

10.5 Interpretation. The term this Agreement means this Membership Interest Purchase Agreement together with all Schedules (including the Seller Disclosure Schedule) and Exhibits hereto, as the same may from time to time be amended, modified, supplemented, or restated in accordance with the terms hereof. When a reference is made in this Agreement to Sections, subsections, or exhibits, such reference shall be to a Section, subsection, or exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The words include, includes, including, and similar references, denote a partial definition, by way of illustration and not by way of limitation, and shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words without limitation or but not limited to. The word herein and similar references mean, except where a specific Section or Article reference is expressly indicated, the entire Agreement rather than any specific Section or Article. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the word material, when used in reference to any Partys representations, warranties, covenants or agreements, shall mean material in relation to such Party. The table of contents and the headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Any document or item shall be deemed delivered, provided, or made available (or words of similar import) within the meaning of this Agreement if a true and correct copy of such document or item (together, if applicable, with all amendments, supplements, or other modifications thereto) has been (i) included in the Data Room, (ii) actually (including electronically) delivered or provided to a Party or (iii) made available upon request, including at the Companys offices, in each case, at least five (5) Business Days prior to the Signing Date. All calculations of a number of dollars shall be rounded to the nearest whole number of cents, as applicable, with 0.5 rounded up to the next whole cent, as applicable (aggregating all payments to be made to any Person prior to such rounding). The phrase knowledge of the Sellersmeans the actual or constructive knowledge of any Seller and any manager, director or officer of the Company, after due inquiry.

10.6 Severability. If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or incapable of being enforced by any rule of Law or public policy, all other terms and provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner adverse to the Parties. Upon such determination that any term or provision is invalid, illegal, or incapable of being enforced, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to amend or otherwise modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner such that that transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.

10.7 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the other Transaction Documents (including all exhibits and schedules hereto and thereto), and other documents and instruments delivered in connection herewith or therewith constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior representations, agreements, understandings, and undertakings, whether written or oral, among the Parties, or any of them, with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and no Party is relying on any other prior oral or written representations, agreements, understandings, or undertakings with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.

65

10.8 Assignment. This Agreement and the rights and obligations hereunder may not be assigned without the prior written consent of each of the Parties, or after Closing without the prior written consent of Buyer and Sellers Representative. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Buyer shall have the right to assign any of its rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, to any Buyer Affiliated Company. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

10.9 No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as set forth in Article VIII, nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any Person other than the Parties any right, benefit or remedy under or by reason of this Agreement.

10.10 Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver; Remedies Cumulative. No failure or delay on the part of any Party in the exercise of any right hereunder shall impair such right or be construed to be a waiver of, or acquiescence in, any breach of any representation, warranty, covenant, or agreement herein, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other (or further) exercise thereof or of any other right. Any and all remedies herein expressly conferred upon a Party shall be deemed cumulative with and not exclusive of any other remedy expressly conferred hereby, and the exercise by a Party of any one remedy shall not preclude the exercise of any other remedy.

10.11 Governing Law; Venue. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles of conflicts of law. The Parties hereby irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the courts in the State of Florida (state or federal), with venue in Orange County, Florida, over any dispute arising out of this Agreement and agree that all claims in respect of such dispute or proceeding shall be heard and determined in any such court. The parties hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, any objection which they may have to the venue of any such dispute brought in any such court or any defense of inconvenient forum for the maintenance of such dispute. The Parties consent to process being served by them in any suit, action or proceeding by delivering it in the manner specified by Section 10.3. All rights and remedies of each Party under this Agreement shall be cumulative and in addition to all other rights and remedies which may be available to the party from time to time, whether under this Agreement or otherwise.

10.12 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY PROCEEDING RELATED TO OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION DOCUMENT OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.

10.13 Conflict Between Transaction Documents. To the extent any terms and provisions of this Agreement are in any way inconsistent with or in conflict with any term, condition, or provision of any other agreement, document, or instrument contemplated hereby, this Agreement shall govern and control.

10.14 Time For Performance. If the date specified for giving any notice or taking any action is not a Business Day (or if the period during which any notice is required to be given or any action taken expires on a date which is not a Business Day), then the date for giving such notice or taking such action (and the expiration date of such period during which notice is required to be given or action taken) shall be the next date which is a Business Day.

10.15 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts (including by facsimile transmission or electronic transmission in portable document format (.pdf)), which when taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

66

10.16 Legal Representation. Each of the Parties to this Agreement hereby agrees that Devine, Millimet & Branch, P.A. (D&M)has served as counsel to the Company and its Affiliates in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution, and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, and that following the Closing, D&Mmay serve as counsel to any Seller or Affiliate thereof in connection with any claim, dispute, or other matter arising out of or relating to any Transaction Document (including this Agreement) or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement notwithstanding such representation of the Company or any of its Affiliates, and each of the Parties hereby waives any conflict of interest arising therefrom or in connection therewith.

10.17 Public Announcements. No Seller shall, without the prior written consent of Buyer, make any public announcement or statement with respect to the transactions contemplated in this Agreement. Each Seller shall keep in strict confidence and shall not, without the prior written consent of Buyer, directly or indirectly disclose, furnish, disseminate, publish or make available this Agreement or the terms of the transactions contemplated hereby (including the Purchase Price).

10.18 Sellers Representative.

(a) By the execution and delivery of this Agreement, each Seller hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints Kenneth R. Greenslade as its representative (Sellers Representative), with full power of substitution to act in the name, place, stead and on behalf of such Seller with respect to the terms and provisions of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents as the same may be from time to time amended, and to do or refrain from doing all such further acts and things, and to execute all such documents, as Sellers Representative shall deem necessary, appropriate or advisable, in such Persons sole discretion, in connection with any of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement or the Transaction Document, including the power:

(i) to deliver the certificates representing the Acquired Interests required to be delivered by such Seller pursuant to this Agreement;

(ii) to execute and deliver all Transaction Documents, certificates, and other documents that Sellers Representative deems necessary, appropriate or advisable in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Transaction Documents;

(iii) to receive and give receipt for all payments made by Buyer to any Seller under this Agreement, including any adjustments thereto, or from the Escrow Account;

(iv) to employ, at the expense of the Sellers, and obtain the advice of legal counsel, accountants and other professional advisors as Sellers Representative, in such Persons sole discretion, deems necessary or advisable in the performance of such Persons duties as Sellers Representative and to rely on their advice and counsel;

(v) to amend or waive any provision of this Agreement or any Transaction Document, provided that any such amendment or waiver, if material to the rights and obligations of the Sellers in the reasonable judgment of Sellers Representative, shall be taken in the same manner with respect to all Sellers unless otherwise agreed by each Seller who is subject to any disparate treatment of a potentially adverse nature;

(vi) to agree with Buyer with respect to any matter or thing Sellers Representative deems necessary, appropriate or advisable in connection with the provisions of this Agreement calling for the agreement of any Seller, give and receive notices on behalf of all Sellers and act on behalf of all Sellers in connection with any matter as to which the Sellers are or may be obligated to indemnify Buyer under this Agreement, all in the absolute discretion of Sellers Representative;

67

(vii) to dispute or fail to dispute any liability claim hereunder and to negotiate and compromise any dispute that may arise under Sections 2.7, 2.8 or 2.9 and to sign any releases or other documents with respect to any such dispute, including the interpretation of, disputing or failing to dispute the composition or amount of the Closing Date Cash on Hand, Closing Date Net Working Capital, Adjustment Indebtedness, Adjustment Selling Expenses, any Clawback Amount, any Earnout Payment or any other item on the Adjustment Statement or any Earnout Calculation Statement and negotiating and signing any release in respect of any such dispute;

(viii) to settle all other disputes and claims that arise under this Agreement or any Transaction Document and any other Contract, certificate or instrument delivered in connection with this Agreement; and

(ix) to do or refrain from doing any further act or deed on behalf of the Sellers that Sellers Representative deems necessary, appropriate or advisable in such Persons sole discretion relating to the subject matter of this Agreement as fully and completely as any Seller could do if personally present and acting.

(b) The appointment of Sellers Representative in this Section 10.19 shall be deemed coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable, and shall be binding and enforceable on and against each Seller and his, her or its successors, assigns and Affiliates, and Buyer and any other Person (including the Company after the Closing) may conclusively and absolutely rely, without inquiry, upon any action of Sellers Representative as the act of each Seller in all matters referred to in this Agreement or the Transaction Documents. Each Seller hereby ratifies and confirms all that Sellers Representative shall do or cause to be done by virtue of the Sellers Representatives appointment as Sellers Representative of such Seller. Sellers Representative shall act for all Sellers on all of the matters set forth in this Agreement in the manner Sellers Representative believes to be in the best interest of all Sellers and consistent with Sellers Representatives obligations under this Agreement, but Sellers Representative shall not be responsible to any Seller for any liability any Seller may suffer by reason of the performance by Sellers Representative of Sellers Representatives duties under this Agreement, including any liability resulting from any error of judgment, mistake of fact or Law, or any act done or omitted to be done in good faith, other than liability arising from willful violation of Law or gross negligence in the performance of Sellers Representatives duties under this Agreement.

(c) Each Seller hereby expressly acknowledges and agrees that Sellers Representative is authorized to act on behalf of such Seller notwithstanding any dispute or disagreement among the Sellers, and that the Buyer Affiliated Companies shall be entitled to rely on any and all action taken by Sellers Representative under this Agreement or the Transaction Documents without liability to, or obligation to inquire of, any Seller. Each Seller hereby further expressly acknowledges that the Selling Expenses will be allocated by Sellers Representative among Sellers pursuant to the percentages set forth on Schedule 2.2(c) and that such Selling Expenses do and will include (i) reimbursement of amounts previously paid by the Company or the Sellers in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and (ii) payment of accrued and unpaid Selling Expenses from amounts due and payable to the Sellers after the Closing. The Sellers hereby jointly and severally agree to indemnify, defend and hold Sellers Representative harmless from and against any and all liability (including fees and expenses of legal counsel) reasonably incurred or suffered as a result of the performance of Sellers Representatives duties under this Agreement except for actions by Sellers Representative constituting gross negligence or willful misconduct.

68

(d) In the event Kenneth Greenslade (and/or any subsequent Sellers Representative appointed pursuant to this Section 10.18(d)) resigns, or otherwise becomes unable to serve, the Sellers shall, within thirty (30) days after notice thereof, determine and designate a successor Sellers Representative who shall have all of the rights, powers and authority conferred on Sellers Representative in this Agreement, and if the Sellers fail to designate such successor within such period, any Seller or Buyer may petition a court of appropriate jurisdiction for appointment of a successor Sellers Representative.

(e) Prior to making any modifications to this Agreement as permitted hereby, Sellers Representative shall provide the Sellers with five (5) Business days prior written notice of such modifications and shall obtain the consent of all Sellers to the same, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

[Remainder of this page intentionally left blank]

69

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

BUYER: 

LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Shmuel Rubin 

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer 

COMPANY: 

G5 INFRARED, LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Louis R. Fantozzi 

Title: 

President 

SELLERS REPRESENTATIVE: 

KENNETH R. GREENSLADE 

SELLERS: 

GARY A. BROWNING 

LOUIS R. FANTOZZI 

WILLIAM MATHER 

DAVID LATIMER 

MICHAEL C. AMORELLI 

GREENSLADE COMPANY, LLC

By: 

Name: 

Kenneth R. Greenslade 

Title: 

Manager 

KNIGHT VISION, LLLP

By: 

Name: 

C. Reed Knight, Jr. 

Title: 

ROBERT W. CHMIELINSKI 2022 REVOCABLE TRUST

U/D/T DATED 12 JULY 2022

By: 

Name: 

Robert W. Chmielinski 

Title: 

Trustee 

[Signature Page Membership Interest Purchase Agreement]

Exhibit A

Sellers

Name 

Number of Units

Gary A. Browning 

230,570.5

Louis R. Fantozzi 

329,484

William Mather 

461,141

Greenslade Company, LLC 

230,570.5

Knight Vision, LLLP 

461,141

Robert W. Chmielinski, Trustee of the Robert W. Chmielinski 2022 Revocable Trust u/d/t dated 12 July 2022 

62,093

David Latimer 

100,000

Michael C. Amorelli 

100,000

TOTAL: 

1,975,000
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>lpth_ex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
lpth_ex102.htm

EXHIBIT 10.2

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated as of February 13, 2025, by and among LightPath Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the investors listed on the Schedule of Buyers attached hereto (individually, a Buyer and collectively, the Buyers).

WHEREAS:

A. The Company and the Buyers are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Rule 506 of Regulation D (Regulation D) as promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act);

B. The Buyers, severally, and not jointly, wish to purchase from the Company, for cash or in exchange for existing outstanding Indebtedness held by such Buyers, and the Company wishes to sell to the Buyers, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, (i) an aggregate of 24,955.903272 shares (the Preferred Shares) of a newly created series of preferred stock, with a stated value of $1,000 per share (the Preferred Stock), designated Series G Convertible Preferred Stock, which shall be convertible into shares of the Companys Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Class A Common Stock; the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares being referred to as the Conversion Shares), in accordance with the terms of the Companys Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of the Series G Convertible Preferred Stock, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (as the same may be amended, restated, modified or supplemented and in effect from time to time, the Certificate of Designations), and (ii) warrants, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, to purchase an aggregate of 4,352,774 shares of Class A Common Stock, with an exercise price of $2.58 per share (the Warrants; the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants being referred to as the Warrant Shares);

C. The Company has authorized a new series of senior secured notes of the Company, in the aggregate original principal amount of up to $5,195,205.48, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F (the Notes), which Notes shall rank senior to all outstanding and future Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries (as defined herein) and which shall, upon the occurrence of an event specified therein, be convertible into shares of Preferred Stock (the shares of Preferred Stock issuable pursuant to the terms of the Notes, collectively, the NoteConversion Shares), in accordance with the terms of the Notes. In connection with the Closing (as defined below), the Buyers wish to purchase, and the Company wishes to sell, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, the Notes in the aggregate original principal amount set forth opposite each Buyers name on the Schedule of Buyers;

D. At the Closing, the Company, its domestic Subsidiaries and the Buyers purchasing Notes shall execute and deliver a Security Agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit G (the Security Agreement), reflecting the grant of security interests by the Company and its domestic subsidiaries in the Collateral (as described in the Security Agreement) to secure the obligations of the Company under the Notes;

E. At the Closing, all of the Subsidiaries of the Company shall execute and deliver a Subsidiary Guarantee, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit H(the Subsidiary Guarantee), guaranteeing the obligations of the Company under the Notes;

F. At or prior to the Closing, the parties hereto shall execute and deliver a Registration Rights Agreement, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit C (as the same may be amended, restated, modified or supplemented and in effect from time to time, the Registration Rights Agreement), pursuant to which the Company will agreed to provide certain registration rights under the 1933 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and applicable state securities laws; 

G. Prior to the Closing (as defined below), the Company will file the Certificate of Designations with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware; and

1

H. The Preferred Shares, the Notes, the Conversion Shares, the Note Conversion Shares, the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note Conversion Shares (the Note Conversion Common Shares), the Warrants and the Warrant Shares are collectively referred to herein as the Securities.

I. Simultaneously herewith, the Company is pursuing (i) a private placement of Class A Common Stock and related warrants (the Placement Warrants) to purchase Class A Common Stock (together with the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Placement Warrants, collectively, the Placement Securities) with one of the Buyers, and (ii) an acquisition of all of the outstanding membership interests of G5 Infrared, LLC (G5 and the acquisition thereof, the G5 Acquisition), the purchase price for which is payable by the Company in cash from proceeds of the transactions contemplated hereby and the sale of the Placement Securities and in Class A Common Stock (the G5 Shares), both of which are intended to be consummated at or around the time of the closing of the transactions contemplated hereby.

NOW THEREFORE, the Company and the Buyers hereby agree as follows:

1. PURCHASE AND SALE OF PREFERRED SHARES AND WARRANTS.

a. Purchase of Preferred Shares, Notes and Warrants. Subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of the conditions set forth in Sections 6 and 7 below, on the Closing Date (as defined in Section 1.b), the Company shall issue and sell to each Buyer, and each Buyer severally agrees to purchase from the Company, the number of Preferred Shares, and related Warrants representing the right to purchase the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and the original principal amount of Notes, set forth opposite such Buyers name in the third and fourth columns, respectively, on the Schedule of Buyers (the Closing). The purchase price (the Purchase Price) of each Preferred Share and the related Warrants at the Closing shall be equal to $1,000 (representing an aggregate Purchase Price of Twenty-Five Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($25,500,000.00) for the aggregate of 24,955.903272 Preferred Shares and related Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 4,352,774 shares of Class A Common Stock, to be purchased at the Closing). The Purchase Price for each Note shall be equal to the principal amount set forth on the face thereof upon issuance.

b. The Closing Date. The date and time of the Closing (the Closing Date) shall be 10:00 a.m., Boston time, on the fifth Business Day following the date of this Agreement,subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of all of the conditions to the Closing set forth in Sections 6 and 7 (or such later or earlier date as is mutually agreed to in writing by the Company and the Buyers). The Closing shall occur on the Closing Date at the offices of Blank Rome LLP, 125 High Street, Boston, MA 02110, or at such other place as the Company and the Buyers may collectively designate in writing. For purposes of this Agreement, Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in the City of Boston are authorized or required by law to remain closed.

c. Form of Payment. (i) At least one Business Day prior to the Closing Date, each Buyer shall fund the applicable Purchase Price for the Preferred Shares, Notes and related Warrants to be issued and sold to such Buyer to a designated escrow account by wire transfer of immediately available funds in accordance with written wire instructions provided to the Buyers, which Purchase Price, less any amount withheld by the Lead Investor pursuant to Section 4.h, shall be paid to the Company on the Closing Date by wire transfer of immediately available funds pursuant to the Companys wire instructions, and (ii) within two Business Days after the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver to each Buyer, a book entry statement or stock certificate (or book entry statements or stock certificates representing such numbers of Preferred Shares as such Buyer shall request) (the Preferred Stock Certificates) representing (in the aggregate) the number of Preferred Shares that such Buyer is purchasing on the Closing Date, along with, at the Closing, warrants representing the Warrants that such Buyer is purchasing on the Closing Date and the Note being purchased by such Buyer, in each case duly executed on behalf of the Company and registered in the name of such Buyer or its designee(s) on the books and records of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and only to the extent noted next to a Buyers name on the Schedule of Buyers, the Purchase Price may be paid by exchange of an equal amount of principal and accrued and unpaid interest outstanding under existing Indebtedness of the Company held by such Buyer.

2

2. BUYERS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

Each Buyer represents and warrants, severally and not jointly, as of the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date, with respect to only itself, that:

a. Investment Purpose. Such Buyer (i) is acquiring the Preferred Shares, the Notes and the Warrants purchased by such Buyer hereunder, (ii) upon any conversion of such Preferred Shares, will acquire the Conversion Shares then issuable, (iii) upon any conversion of the Notes, if applicable, will acquire the Note Conversion Shares then issuable, and (iv) upon any exercise of such Warrants, will acquire the Warrant Shares then-issuable upon exercise thereof for its own account and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered under, or exempted from, the registration requirements of the 1933 Act; provided, however, that by making the representations herein, such Buyer does not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Securities at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement or an exemption under the 1933 Act.

b. Accredited Investor Status. Such Buyer, and each of its equity owners, is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D.

c. Reliance on Exemptions. Such Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration requirements of the United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and such Buyers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of such Buyer set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions.

d. Information. Such Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been furnished with the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (as defined herein), the SEC Documents (as defined herein) and all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities that have been requested by such Buyer. Such Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigations conducted by such Buyer or its advisors, if any, or its representatives shall modify, amend or affect such Buyers right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in Section 3 below. Such Buyer acknowledges that the Company, its employees, agents and attorneys are not making any representations or warranties to such Buyer in making such Buyers investment decision with respect to the Securities to be issued on the Closing Date other than such representations and warranties set forth in the Transaction Documents, including as set forth in Section 3 below, and the Certificate of Designations. Such Buyer can bear the economic risk of a total loss of its investment in the Securities being offered and has such knowledge and experience in business and financial matters so as to enable it to understand the risks of and investment decision with respect to its investment in the Securities. Each Buyer understands that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchaser in connection with the purchase of the Securities constitutes legal, tax or investment advice.

e. No Governmental Review. Such Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

f. Transfer or Resale. Such Buyer understands that, except as provided in the Registration Rights Agreement, (i) the Securities have not been and are not being registered under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws, and may not be offered for sale, sold, assigned or transferred unless (A) subsequently registered thereunder, (B) such Buyer shall have delivered to the Company an opinion of counsel, in a generally acceptable form, to the effect that such Securities to be sold, assigned or transferred may be sold, assigned or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration, or (C) such Buyer provides the Company with reasonable assurance that such Securities have been or can be sold, assigned or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule thereto) (Rule 144); and (ii) neither the Company nor any other Person is under any obligation to register the Securities under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Securities may be pledged in connection with a bona fide margin account or other loan or financing arrangement secured by the Securities so long as the pledgee is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D. As used in this Agreement, Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization or a government or any department or agency thereof or any other legal entity.

3

g. Authorization; Enforcement; Validity. To the extent such Buyer is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity, such Buyer is a validly existing corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity and has the requisite corporate, partnership, limited liability or other organizational power and authority to purchase the Securities pursuant to this Agreement. To the extent such Buyer is an individual, such Buyer has the legal capacity to purchase the Securities pursuant to this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized (as applicable), executed and delivered on behalf of such Buyer and is a valid and binding agreement of such Buyer, enforceable against such Buyer in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and general principles of equity. The Registration Rights Agreement has been duly and validly authorized (as applicable), and, when executed and delivered on behalf of such Buyer, will be a valid and binding agreement of such Buyer, enforceable against such Buyer in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and general principles of equity. The agreements entered into and documents executed by such Buyer in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby as of the Closing will have been duly and validly authorized (as applicable), executed and delivered on behalf of such Buyer as of the Closing, and will be valid and binding agreements of such Buyer enforceable against such Buyer in accordance with their respective terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and general principles of equity.

h. General Solicitation. Such Buyer represents that to the knowledge of such Buyer, no Securities were offered or sold to it by means of any form of general solicitation, and such Buyer is not, to such Buyers knowledge, purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of such Buyer, any other general solicitation or general advertisement. Such Buyer has not become interested in the offering of the Securities as a result of any registration statement of the Company filed with the SEC or any other securities agency or regulator.

i. Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Buyer has not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Buyer, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Buyer first received knowledge of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Buyer that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Buyers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Buyers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Buyers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Buyer has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to the identification of the availability of, or securing of, available shares to borrow in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future. Short Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the 1934 Act (but shall not be deemed to include the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common Stock).

j. Residency. Such Buyer is a resident of that jurisdiction specified below its address on the Schedule of Buyers.

4

k. Prohibited Person. None such Buyer is or is owned or controlled by (i) a person who appears on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons (SDN List) or any other list of persons of entities with whom dealings are restricted or prohibited by the United States or any other relevant jurisdiction; (ii) the government, including any political subdivision, agency, instrumentality of national thereof, or any country or territory against which the United States or any other relevant jurisdiction maintains economic sanctions or embargoes; (iii) a person acting or purporting to act, directly or indirectly, on behalf of, or a person owned or controlled by, any of the persons listed in clauses (i) and (ii) above; (iv) a person with whom dealings are prohibited or restricted on account of any economic sanctions laws or regulations of the United States or any other relevant jurisdiction.

3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY.

The Company represents and warrants, as of the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date to each of the Buyers that:

a. Organization and Qualification. Set forth in Schedule 3.a is a true and correct list of the entities in which the Company, directly or indirectly, owns capital stock or holds an equity or similar interest, together with their respective jurisdictions of organization and the percentage of the outstanding capital stock or other equity interests of each such entity that is held by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries. Other than with respect to the entities listed on Schedule 3.a, the Company does not directly or indirectly own any security or beneficial ownership interest, in any other Person (including through joint venture or partnership agreements) or have any interest in any other Person. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity and is duly organized or formed and validly existing in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated or otherwise organized and has the requisite corporate, partnership, limited liability company or other organizational power and authority to own its properties, and to carry on its business as now being conducted. The Company is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its ownership of property, or the nature of the business conducted by the Company makes such qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. As used in this Agreement, Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on (i) the business, properties, assets, operations, results of operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or on the agreements and instruments to be entered into in connection herewith (including the legality, validity or enforceability thereof), or on the authority or ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents (as defined in Section 3.b) or the Certificate of Designations or (ii) the rights and remedies of any of the Buyers under the Transaction Documents or the Certificate of Designations. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.a, the Company holds all right, title and interest in and to 100% of the capital stock, equity or similar interests of each of the Subsidiaries, in each case, free and clear of any Liens (as defined below), including any restriction on the use, voting, transfer, receipt of income or other exercise of any attributes of free and clear ownership by a current holder, and no such Subsidiary owns capital stock or holds an equity or similar interest in any other Person. For purposes of this Agreement, Lien means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, lien, pledge, hypothecation, charge, security interest, encumbrance or adverse claim of any kind or any restrictive covenant, condition, restriction or exception of any kind that has the practical effect of creating a mortgage, lien, pledge, hypothecation, charge, security interest, encumbrance or adverse claim of any kind; and Subsidiary means any entity in which the Company, directly or indirectly, owns any of the outstanding capital stock, equity or similar interests or voting power of such entity at the time of this Agreement or at any time hereafter, whether directly or through any other Subsidiary; provided that for purposes of the Companys representations and warranties herein, Subsidiary shall not include G5.

5

b. Authorization; Enforcement; Validity. The Company and, as applicable, each of its Subsidiaries, has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under each of this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions (as defined in Section 5), the Warrants, the Notes, the Security Agreement, the Subsidiary Agreement, and each of the other agreements to which it is a party or by which it is bound and which is entered into by the parties hereto in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (collectively, the Transaction Documents), and under the Certificate of Designations, and to issue the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof and of the other Transaction Documents and of the Certificate of Designations. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and the Certificate of Designations by the Company, and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including the issuance of the Preferred Shares, the Notes and the Warrants and the reservation for issuance and the issuance of the Conversion Shares, the Note Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof, as applicable, have been duly authorized by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Company Board) and no further consent or authorization is required by the Company, the Company Board or the Companys stockholders, other than with respect to the approval by the Companys stockholders of the removal of the beneficial ownership limitations to which the issuance of Common Stock upon conversion of Preferred Shares and Note Conversion Shares and exercise of Warrants is subject. None of the Company Board or the board of directors, board of managers or other governing body of the Subsidiaries has authorized or approved, or taken any action to authorize or approve, any transaction to pay, repay, redeem or refinance any indebtedness of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries prior to, substantially concurrent with, or following the Closing, other than the payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices, and the repayment of indebtedness reflected on the Companys most recent financial statements. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents dated of even date herewith have been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitute the valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and general principles of equity. As of the Closing, the Transaction Documents dated after the date of this Agreement and on or prior to the date of the Closing shall have been duly executed and delivered by the Company and shall constitute the valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and general principles of equity. Prior to the Closing Date, the Certificate of Designations will have been filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and will be in full force and effect, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms.

c. Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (i) 100,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value, of which (A) 94,500,000 have been designated as Class A Common Stock, 40,160,768 of which are outstanding as of the date of this Agreement, (B) 5,500,000 have been designated as Class E-1, Class E-2 or Class E-3 common stock (Class E Common Stock and, collectively with Class A Common Stock, Common Stock), none of which are outstanding as of the date of this Agreement, (C) 3,645,517 shares are reserved for issuance pursuant to the Companys equity incentive and stock purchase plans, including 1,436,725 shares issuable pursuant to outstanding awards under such plans, and (D) 0 shares are issuable and reserved for issuance pursuant to securities issued or to be issued (other than the Preferred Shares, the Notes, the Warrants, the Placement Securities and the G5 Shares) and other than pursuant to the Companys stock option, restricted stock and stock purchase plans) exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, shares of Common Stock, and (ii) 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0. 01 par value, of which (A) 250 have been designated as Series A Preferred Stock, none of which are outstanding as of the date of this Agreement, (B) 300 have been designated as Series B Preferred Stock, none of which are outstanding as of the date of this Agreement, (C) 500 have been designated as Series C Preferred Stock, none of which are outstanding as of the date of this Agreement, (D) 500,000 have been designated as Series D Preferred Stock, none of which are outstanding as of the date of this Agreement, and (E) 500 have been designated as Series F Preferred Stock, none of which are outstanding as of the date of this Agreement. All of such outstanding or issuable shares have been, or upon issuance will be, validly issued and are, or upon issuance will be, fully paid and nonassessable. Except with respect to the Securities, the Placement Securities, and the G5 Shares, and as otherwise disclosed in Schedule 3.c, (A) no shares of the capital stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights or any Liens suffered or permitted by the Company; (B) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, or options, warrants or scrip for rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries; (C) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of their securities under the 1933 Act (except the Registration Rights Agreement); (D) there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company and no other stockholder or similar agreement to which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is a party; (E) there are no securities or instruments containing anti-dilution or similar provisions that will or may be triggered by the issuance of the Securities; and (F) the Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. If not available on the SECs Electronic Date, Gathering and Retrieval system (or successor thereto) (EDGAR), the Company has furnished to each Buyer true and correct copies of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation, as amended and as in effect on the date this representation is made (the Certificate of Incorporation), and the Companys Second Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended and as in effect on the date this representation is made (the Bylaws), and all documents and instruments containing the terms of all securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, Common Stock, and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto.

6

d. Issuance of Securities. The Preferred Shares are duly authorized and, upon issuance in accordance with the terms hereof, (i) will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and will be free from all Liens with respect to the issuance thereof and (ii) the holders thereof will be entitled to the rights set forth in the Certificate of Designations. The Warrants and the Notes are duly authorized and, upon issuance in accordance with the terms hereof, (x) will be free from all taxes and Liens with respect to the issuance thereof and (y) the holders thereof will be entitled to the rights set forth in the Warrants. At least 26,791,105 shares of Class A Common Stock (subject to adjustment pursuant to the Companys covenant set forth in Section 4.f) have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance upon conversion of the Preferred Shares and the Note Conversion Shares and upon exercise of the Warrants. Upon conversion in accordance with the Certificate of Designations and upon exercise in accordance with the Warrants, as the case may be, the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes and Liens with respect to the issue thereof, with the holders being entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Class A Common Stock. Upon conversion in accordance with the Notes, the Note Conversion Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes and Liens with respect to the issue thereof, with the holders being entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Preferred Stock. Assuming the accuracy of the Buyers representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement, the issuance by the Company of the Securities is exempt from registration under the 1933 Act and applicable state securities laws.

e. No Conflicts.

(i) The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents by the Company and, to the extent applicable, the Subsidiaries, the performance by such parties of their obligations thereunder and under the Certificate of Designations and the consummation by such parties of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including the reservation for issuance and issuance of the Conversion Shares, the Note Conversion Shares, the Note Conversion Common Shares and the Warrant Shares) will not (A) result in a violation of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Certificate of Designations or the Bylaws; (B) conflict with, or constitute a breach or default (or an event which, with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, constitutes or would constitute a breach or default) under, or give to others any right of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or other remedy with respect to, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is a party; or (C) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is bound or affected, except in the case of each of (B) and (C) above, as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except for the filings and listings contemplated by Section 4 (g) hereof, the Registration Rights Agreement, the filing of current reports on Form 8-K as contemplated by Section 4.i hereof, and as set forth on Schedule 3.e, and one or more proxy statements to solicit proxies for any special or annual meetings of Stockholders to seek the Stockholder Approval described in Section 4 (r), the Company is not required to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency or any regulatory or self-regulatory agency in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under, or otherwise consummate any of the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement, any of the other Transaction Documents or the Certificate of Designations in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof. All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations that the Company is or has been required to obtain as described in the preceding sentence have been obtained or effected on or prior to the date of this Agreement or shall be obtained or effected prior to the applicable due date thereafter, as provided by applicable law, this Agreement or otherwise.

(ii) Except as disclosed in the Companys SEC Documents (as defined below), (A) the Company has not violated any term of its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws and (B) neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries has violated any material term of and has not been in default under (or with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both would have been in violation of or default under) any material contract, agreement, mortgage, indebtedness, indenture, instrument, judgment, decree or order or any statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, which violation or default would or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The business of the Company and the Subsidiaries has not been conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity, which violation would or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7

f. SEC Documents; Financial Statements; Sarbanes-Oxley.

(i) Since June 30, 2023, the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Act, as amended (the 1934 Act) (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date this representation is made (including all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein) being hereinafter referred to as the SEC Documents). The Company has made available to the Buyers or their respective representatives, or filed and made publicly available on the SECs Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system (or successor thereto) (EDGAR) no less than three (3) days prior to the date this representation is made, true and complete copies of the SEC Documents. Each of the SEC Documents was filed with the SEC within the time frames prescribed by the SEC for the filing of such SEC Documents such that each filing was timely filed with the SEC or, pursuant to Rule 12b-25 under the 1934 Act, any untimely filing was deemed to be filed on the prescribed due date. As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents. None of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Since the filing of the SEC Documents, no event has occurred that would require an amendment or supplement to any of the SEC Documents and as to which such an amendment has not been filed and made publicly available on the SECs EDGAR system no less than three (3) days prior to the date this representation is made. The Company has not received any written comments from the SEC staff that have not been resolved to the satisfaction of the SEC staff.

(ii) As of their respective dates, the consolidated financial statements of the Company and the Subsidiaries included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied, during the periods involved (except (i) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto, or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may exclude footnotes) and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements for periods subsequent to June 30, 2024, to normal year-end audit adjustments). None of the Company, the Subsidiaries and their respective officers, directors and Affiliates or, to the Companys Knowledge, any stockholder of the Company has, at the direction and on behalf of the Company, made any filing with the SEC (other than the SEC Documents), issued any press release or made, distributed, paid for or approved (or engaged any other Person to make or distribute) any other public statement, report, advertisement or communication relating to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries that contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits any statement of material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they are or were made, not misleading or has provided any other information to the Buyers, including information referred to in Section 2.d, that contains any untrue statement of a material fact or, with respect to written information, omits to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they are or were made, not misleading. Except for the Transaction Documents and the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement and related documents, instruments and agreements executed or to be executed in connection with the G5 Acquisition (the G5 Acquisition Documents) and the sale of the Placement Securities, the Company is not required to file and does not anticipated being required to file any agreement, note, lease, mortgage, deed or other instrument entered into prior to the date this representation is made and to which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is bound that has not been previously filed as an exhibit (including by way of incorporation by reference) to the Companys reports filed or made with the SEC under the 1934 Act. The accounting firm that expressed its opinion with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Companys most recently filed annual report on Form 10-K, and reviewed the consolidated financial statements included in the Companys most recently filed quarterly report on Form 10-Q, was independent of the Company pursuant to the standards set forth in Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC and as required by the applicable rules and guidance from the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), and such firm was otherwise qualified to render such opinion under applicable law and the rules and regulations of the SEC. There is no transaction, arrangement or other relationship between the Company and an unconsolidated or other off-balance-sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its reports pursuant to the 1934 Act as of the date of this Agreement that has not been so disclosed in the SEC Documents.

8

(iii) The Company is in all material respects in compliance with applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, Sarbanes-Oxley).

(iv) Since June 30, 2022, except as set forth on Schedule 3.f, neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries nor, to the Companys Knowledge, any director, officer or employee, of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, has received or otherwise obtained any material written or oral complaint, allegation, assertion or claim regarding the accounting or auditing practices, procedures, methodologies or methods of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or its internal accounting controls, including any complaint, allegation, assertion or claim that the Company or any of the Subsidiaries has engaged in illegal and/or improper accounting or auditing practices. No attorney representing the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, whether or not employed by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, has reported evidence of a material violation of securities laws, breach of fiduciary duty or similar violation by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents to the Company Board or any committee thereof or to any director or officer of the Company pursuant to Section 307 of Sarbanes-Oxley, and the SECs rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Since June 30, 2022, there have been no internal or SEC investigations regarding accounting or revenue recognition discussed with, reviewed by or initiated at the direction of the chief executive officer, principal financial officer, the Company Board or any committee thereof. The Company is not, and never has been, a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the 1934 Act).

(v) As used in this Agreement, the Companys Knowledge and similar language means, unless otherwise specified, the actual knowledge of Shmuel Rubin, Albert Miranda and Jason Messerschmidt, and the knowledge any such Person would be expected to have after reasonable due diligence inquiry.

g. Internal Accounting Controls; Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset and liability accountability, (iii) access to assets or incurrence of liability is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets and liabilities is compared with the existing assets and liabilities at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences (Internal Controls). The Company has timely filed and made publicly available on the SECs EDGAR system no less than three (3) days prior to the date this representation is made, and all certifications and statements required by (A) Rule 13a-14 or Rule 15d-14 under the 1934 Act and (B) Section 906 of Sarbanes Oxley with respect to any SEC Documents. The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures required by Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 under the 1934 Act; such controls and procedures are effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files with or submits to the SEC (X) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported accurately within the time periods specified in the SECs rules and forms and (Y) is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company maintains internal control over financial reporting required by Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 under the 1934 Act; such internal control over financial reporting is effective and does not contain any material weaknesses.

9

h. Absence of Certain Changes. Since June 30, 2024, there has been no Material Adverse Effect and no circumstances exist that could reasonably be expected to be, cause or have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has not taken any steps, and the Company has no current plans to take any steps, to seek protection pursuant to any bankruptcy law nor, to the Companys Knowledge, do any creditors of the Company intend to initiate involuntary bankruptcy proceedings nor, to the Companys Knowledge, is there any fact that would reasonably lead a creditor to do so.

i. Absence of Litigation. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.i (i) there is no current action, suit or proceeding, or, to the Companys Knowledge, any inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board or other Governmental Authority pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened against or affecting the Company, the Common Stock or any of the Subsidiaries, any Employee Benefit Plan (as defined below), or any of the Companys or the Subsidiaries officers or directors in their capacities as such, and (ii) to the Companys Knowledge, none of the directors or officers of the Company has been involved (as a plaintiff, defendant, witness or otherwise) in securities-related litigation during the past five years. None of the matters described in Schedule 3.i, has had or, if determined adversely to the Company or any Subsidiary, would reasonably expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect.

j. Acknowledgment Regarding Buyers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Buyers is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Company in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The Company further acknowledges that each Buyer is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the Certificate of Designations and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and any advice given by any of the Buyers or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the Certificate of Designations and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby is merely incidental to such Buyers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Buyer that the Companys decision to enter into the Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation by the Company and its representatives.

k. No Undisclosed Liabilities. Other than (i) the liabilities assumed or created pursuant to this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, (ii) liabilities accrued for in the latest balance sheet included in the Companys most recent periodic report (on Form 10-Q or Form 10-K) filed at least three (3) Business Days prior to the date this representation is made (the date of such balance sheet, the Latest Balance Sheet Date) and (iii) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices since the Latest Balance Sheet Date, the Company and the Subsidiaries do not have any other material liabilities (whether fixed or unfixed, known or unknown, absolute or contingent, asserted or unasserted, choate or inchoate, liquidated or unliquidated, or secured or unsecured, and regardless of when any action, claim, suit or proceeding with respect thereto is instituted).

l. General Solicitation. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf, has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D under the 1933 Act) in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities.

m. No Integrated Offering. Except for the issuance of Class A Common Stock in connection with the G5 Acquisition and the Placement Securities, neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the 1933 Act or any applicable stockholder approval provisions of any authority.

n. Employee Relations. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries is involved in any labor union dispute nor, to the Companys Knowledge, is any such dispute threatened. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.n, none of the employees of the Company and the Subsidiaries is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and the Subsidiaries believe that their relations with their respective employees are good. No executive officer (as defined in Rule 3b-7 under the 1934 Act), nor any other Person whose termination would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 5.02 of Form 8-K, has notified the Company that such Person intends to leave the Company or otherwise terminate such Persons employment with the Company. No such executive officer, to the Companys Knowledge, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement, non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance would not and would not be reasonably expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect.

10

o. Employee Benefits. No prohibited transaction as defined under Section 406 of ERISA (as defined below) or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), that is not exempt under ERISA Section 408 or Section 4975 of the Code, under any applicable regulations and published interpretations thereunder or under any applicable prohibited transaction, individual or class exemption issued by the Department of Labor, has occurred with respect to any Employee Benefit Plan (as defined below), (ii) at no time within the last seven (7) years has the Company or any ERISA Affiliate (as defined below) maintained, sponsored, participated in, contributed to or has or had any liability or obligation in respect of any Employee Benefit Plan subject to Section 302 of ERISA, Title IV of ERISA, or Section 412 of the Code or any multiemployer plan as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA or any multiple employer plan for which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate has incurred or could incur liability under Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA, (iii) no Employee Benefit Plan represents any current or future liability for retiree health, life insurance, or other retiree welfare benefits except as may be required by the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended, or similar state law, (iv) each Employee Benefit Plan is and has been operated in compliance with its terms and all applicable laws, including but not limited to ERISA and the Code, except for such failures to comply that would not have a Material Adverse Effect, (v) no event has occurred (including a reportable event as such term is defined in Section 4043 of ERISA) and no condition exists that would subject the Company or any ERISA Affiliate to any tax, fine, lien, penalty or liability imposed by ERISA, the Code or other applicable law, except for any such tax, fine, lien, penalty or liability that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, (vi) except as disclosed on Schedule 3.o, the Company does not maintain any Foreign Benefit Plan, (vii) the Company does not have any obligations under any collective bargaining agreement, (viii) no Employee Benefit Plan is subject to termination or modification, as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby or by the other Transaction Documents or the Certificate of Designations, (ix) no benefit will be distributed and no liability will be incurred, including any complete or partial withdrawal from or with respect to any multiemployer plan or other Employee Benefit Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA, as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby or by the other Transaction Documents or the Certificate of Designations, (x) no benefit or vesting under any Employee Benefit Plan will accelerate or increase as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby or by the other Transaction Documents or the Certificate of Designations, and (ix) all individuals working for the Company or any ERISA Affiliate are properly classified as employees or independent contractors. As used in this Agreement, Employee Benefit Plan means any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, and all stock purchase, stock option, stock-based severance, employment, change-in-control, medical, disability, fringe benefit, bonus, incentive, deferred compensation, employee loan and all other employee benefit plans, agreements, programs, policies or other arrangements, whether or not subject to ERISA, under which (A) any current or former employee, director or independent contractor of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries has any present or future right to benefits and which are contributed to, sponsored by or maintained by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or (B) the Company or any of the Subsidiaries has had or has any present or future obligation or liability on behalf of any such employee, director or independent contractor; ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended; ERISA Affiliate means any member of the Companys controlled group as defined in Code Section 414 (b), (c), (m) or (o); and Foreign Benefit Plan means any Employee Benefit Plan mandated by a government other than the United States of America is subject to the laws or a jurisdiction outside of the United States.

11

p. Intellectual Property Rights.

(i) The Company and its Subsidiaries own or possess adequate rights or licenses to use all Intellectual Property (as defined below) necessary to conduct their respective businesses as now conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted (Company Intellectual Property). Except as set forth on Schedule 3.p, none of the Companys or its Subsidiaries rights with respect to Patents included within Company Intellectual Property are expected to expire, terminate or be abandoned, within three years from the date of this Agreement, in either case that are necessary or material to the conduct of the Companys business as now conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (A) has infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated the Intellectual Property rights of others or (B) breached or violated any contract, agreement or arrangement relating to Intellectual Property, except in each case, as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no claim (including in connection with any offer to license), action or proceeding being made or brought, or to the Companys Knowledge being threatened, (1) against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries regarding any Intellectual Property, including any claim of breach or violation of any contract, agreement or arrangement relating to Intellectual Property or (2) with respect to any registration or filing made by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries regarding any Intellectual Property. To the Companys Knowledge, there are no facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing infringements, misappropriation or violation, or claims, actions or proceedings. To the Companys Knowledge, (x) no third party has infringed or otherwise violated any Intellectual Property owned by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries and (y) no third party has materially breached any contract, agreement or arrangement relating to Intellectual Property to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of the Intellectual Property owned by them.

(ii) The software, hardware, networks, communications devices and facilities, and other technology and related services used by the Company and/or any of the Subsidiaries (collectively, the Systems) are reasonably sufficient for the operation of their respective businesses as currently conducted and for the reasonably anticipated needs of such businesses. The Company and the Subsidiaries have arranged for disaster recovery and back-up services sufficient to comply with any and all applicable Laws and adequate to meet its needs in the event the performance of any of the Systems or any material component thereof is temporarily or permanently impeded or degraded due to any natural disaster or other event outside the reasonable control of the Company or the Subsidiaries, as applicable. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established and maintain commercially reasonable measures to ensure that the Systems, and all software, information and data residing on its Systems or otherwise owned by, licensed, used or distributed by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, are, to the Companys Knowledge, free of any computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, time bomb, or similar code designed to disable, damage, degrade or disrupt the operation of, permit unauthorized access to, erase, destroy or modify any software, hardware, network or other technology (Malicious Code). Since June 30, 2023, no Malicious Code or error or defect has caused a material disruption, degradation or failure of any of the Systems or of the conduct of the businesses of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, and, to the Companys Knowledge, there has been no material unauthorized intrusion or breach of the security of any of the Systems.

(iii) For purposes of this Agreement, the term Intellectual Property means all intellectual property and industrial property rights and assets, and all rights, interests and protections that are associated with, similar to, or required for the exercise of, any of the foregoing, however arising, pursuant to the laws of any jurisdiction throughout the world, whether registered or unregistered, including any and all: (a) inventions (whether or not patentable, and whether or not reduced to practice) and all improvements thereto; (b) all patents (including all reissuances, divisionals, provisionals, continuations and continuations-in-part, re-examinations, renewals, substitutions and extensions thereof), patent applications and other patent rights (Patents); (c) trademarks, service marks, trade names, brand names, logos, trade dress, design rights and other similar designations of source, sponsorship, association or origin, together with all goodwill connected with the use of and symbolized by, and all registrations, registration applications and renewals in respect of, any of the foregoing; (d) Internet domain names, whether or not trademarks or service marks, registered in any top-level domain by any authorized private registrar or Governmental Authority, web addresses, web pages, websites and related content, accounts with Twitter, Facebook and other social media companies and the content found thereon and related thereto, and URLs; (e) works of authorship, expressions, designs and design registrations, whether or not copyrightable, including copyrights and moral rights, and all registrations, applications for registration and renewals with respect thereto; (f) trade secrets, discoveries, business and technical information, know-how, methodologies, strategies, processes, databases, data collections and other confidential and/or proprietary information and all rights therein; (g) software and firmware, including data files, source code, object code, application programming interfaces, routines, algorithms, architecture, files, records, schematics, computerized databases and other related specifications and documentation; (h) semiconductor chips and mask works; (i) other intellectual property rights; and (j) copies and tangible embodiments (in whatever form or medium) of the foregoing. For purposes of this Agreement, Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or any political subdivision thereof, whether state, provincial or local, or any agency (including any self-regulatory agency or organization), authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administration powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supranational bodies such as the European Union) over the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, or any of their respective properties, assets or undertakings.

12

q. Environmental Laws. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries (i) has complied in all material respects with all Environmental Laws (as defined below), (ii) has received all material permits, licenses or other approvals required of it under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct its business, (iii) has complied with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval, and to the Companys Knowledge, there are no events, conditions, or circumstances reasonably likely to result in liability of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries pursuant to Environmental Laws that would or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Company or the Subsidiaries has received any notice of any noncompliance with any Environmental Laws or the terms and conditions of any permit, license or approval required under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct the Companys and the Subsidiaries respective businesses. The term Environmental Laws means all federal, state, local or foreign laws relating to any matter arising out of or relating to public health and safety, or pollution or protection of the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata) or workplace, including any of the foregoing relating to the presence, use, production, generation, handling, transport, treatment, storage, disposal, distribution, discharge, emission, release, threatened release, control or cleanup of any Hazardous Materials, including the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq., as amended (CERCLA), the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, as amended, 42 U.S.C. 6901, et seq., the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. 7401, et seq., as amended, the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, 33 U.S.C. 1251, et seq., as amended, the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, 33 U.S.C. 2701, et seq., and the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C. 2601, et seq.; Hazardous Materials means any hazardous, toxic or dangerous substance, materials and wastes, including hydrocarbons (including naturally occurring or man-made petroleum and hydrocarbons), flammable explosives, asbestos, urea formaldehyde insulation, radioactive materials, biological substances, polychlorinated biphenyls, pesticides, herbicides and any other kind and/or type of pollutants or contaminants (including materials which include hazardous constituents), sewage, sludge, industrial slag, solvents and/or any other similar substances, materials, or wastes and including any other substances, materials or wastes that are or become regulated under any Environmental Law (including any that are or become classified as hazardous or toxic under any Environmental Law).

r. Personal Property. Except as described on Schedule 3.r, the Company and the Subsidiaries have good and valid title to all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for Liens for the payment of federal, state or other Taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP.

s. Real Property. None of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries owns any real property. All of the Real Property Leases (as defined below) are valid and in full force and effect and are enforceable against all parties thereto. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries nor, to the Companys Knowledge, any other party thereto is in default in any material respect under any of the Real Property Leases and no event has occurred which with the giving of notice or the passage of time or both could constitute a default under, or otherwise give any party the right to terminate, any of such Real Property Leases, or could materially adversely affect the Companys or any of the Subsidiaries interest in and title to the Real Property subject to any of such Real Property Leases. No Real Property Lease is subject to termination, modification or acceleration as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby or by the other Transaction Documents or the Certificate of Designations. For purposes hereof, Real Property Lease means each lease for Real Property, except easements, rights of way, access agreements, surface damage agreements, surface use agreements or similar agreements that pertain to Real Property; and Real Property means all the real property, facilities and fixtures that are leased or, in the case of fixtures, otherwise owned or possessed by the Company or the Subsidiaries.

t. Insurance. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries have been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for, and, to the Companys Knowledge, the Company and the Subsidiaries will be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

13

u. Regulatory Permits and Other Regulatory Matters.

(i) Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all material certificates, authorizations, approvals, licenses and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their business as presently conducted (Permits), including all Permits required by any Governmental Authority engaged in the regulation of the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries (each, a Regulatory Agency), and neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such Permit. To the Companys Knowledge, there are no facts or circumstances that could reasonably lead to any of them not being able to obtain necessary Permits as and when necessary to enable the Company and the Subsidiaries to conduct its business.

(ii) Other Regulatory Matters. As to each product of the Company or any Subsidiary subject to the jurisdiction of any Regulatory Agency that is manufactured, packaged, distributed, sold, and/or marketed by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, such product has been, and is being, manufactured, packaged, distributed, sold and/or marketed by the Company in compliance in all material respects with all applicable requirements imposed or promulgated by each Regulatory Agency. There is no pending, completed or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened, action (including any lawsuit, arbitration, or legal or administrative or regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint, or investigation) against the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, and none of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter or other communication from any Regulatory Agency, which (A) contests the licensure, registration, or approval of, the uses of, the distribution of, the manufacturing or packaging of, or the sale of, any products of the Company or the Subsidiaries, (B) withdraws its approval of, requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws or orders the withdrawal of advertising or sales promotional materials relating to, any such product, (C) enjoins production at any facility of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, (D) enters or proposes to enter into a consent decree of permanent injunction with the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, or (E) otherwise alleges any violation of any laws, rules or regulations by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries. The respective properties, business and operations of the Company and the Subsidiaries have been and are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of applicable Regulatory Agencies. The Company has not been informed by any Regulatory Agency that it will prohibit the marketing, sale, license or use in the United States or any other jurisdiction of any product proposed to be developed, produced or marketed by the Company nor has any Regulatory Agency expressed any concern as to approving any product being developed or proposed to be developed by the Company or any Subsidiary.

v. Listing. The Company is not in violation of any of the rules, regulations or requirements of the Principal Market, and, to the Companys Knowledge, there are no facts or circumstances that could reasonably lead to suspension or termination of trading of the Class A Common Stock on the Principal Market. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.v, since June 30, 2023, (i) the Class A Common Stock has been listed on the Principal Market, (ii) trading in the Class A Common Stock has not been suspended or deregistered by the SEC or the Principal Market, and (iii) the Company has received no communication, written or oral, from the SEC or the Principal Market regarding the suspension or termination of trading of the Class A Common Stock on the Principal Market. For purposes of this Agreement, Principal Market means the Nasdaq Capital Market, or if the Class A Common Stock becomes listed on any other National Exchange, then from and after such date, such National Exchange; and National Exchange means any of the NYSE MKT, The New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Capital Market (or a successor to any of the foregoing). The Class A Common Stock is eligible for clearing through The Depository Trust Company (the DTC), through its Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian (DWAC) system, and the Company is eligible and participating in the Direct Registration System (DRS) of DTC with respect to the Class A Common Stock. The Class A Common Stock is not, and has not been at any time prior to the Closing Date, subject to any DTC chill, freeze or similar restriction with respect to any DTC services, including the clearing of shares of Class A Common Stock through DTC.

14

w. Tax Status. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.w, each of the Company and the Subsidiaries (i) has timely filed all material foreign, federal and state income, franchise and all other material Tax Returns required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject under applicable law, (ii) has paid all Taxes that are material in amount and required to be paid under applicable law, except those for which the Company has made reserves in the consolidated financial statements of the Company and the Subsidiaries that are adequate in accordance with GAAP, and (iii) has established in the consolidated financial statements of the Company and the Subsidiaries reserves that are reasonably adequate in accordance with GAAP for the payment of all material Tax liabilities that are due and owing as of the date this representation is made. There are no unpaid Taxes in any material amount claimed in writing received by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and to the Companys Knowledge, there is no basis for any such claim. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries has timely withheld and paid all material Taxes (including sales Taxes) required to have been withheld and paid in connection with any amounts paid or owing to any employee, independent contractor, creditor, stockholder or third party. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries is or has been a U.S. real property holding corporation (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.897-2(b)) under the Code (USRPHC) during the applicable period specified in Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the Code. No deficiency for any income, franchise or other material amount of Tax relating to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries has been asserted or assessed by any taxing authority in writing, except for the deficiencies which have been satisfied by payment, settled or withdrawn or which are being contested in good faith and for which reserves adequate in accordance with GAAP have been established in the consolidated financial statements of the Company and the Subsidiaries. None of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries has entered into a listed transaction (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4(b)(2)) that has given rise to a disclosure obligation under Section 6011 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder and that has not been disclosed in the relevant Tax Return. Taxes means all taxes, charges, fees, levies or other like assessments provided each such charge, fee, levy or other like assessment are in the nature of a tax, including United States federal, state, local, foreign and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, social security, estimated, sales, use, ad valorem, franchise, profits, net worth, alternative or add-on minimum, capital gains, license, withholding, payroll, employment, unemployment, social security, excise, property, transfer taxes, and any and all other taxes, assessments, fees or other governmental charges in the nature of Taxes, whether computed on a separate, consolidated, unitary, combined or any other basis together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax, estimated taxes or additional amounts with respect thereto, and including any liability for taxes as a result of being a member of a consolidated, combined, unitary or affiliated group or any other obligation to indemnify or otherwise succeed to the tax liability of any other Person; and Tax Returns means all returns, declarations, reports, statements, schedules, notices, forms or other documents or information required to be filed with a taxing authority in respect of the determination, assessment, collection or payment of any Tax or in connection with the administration, implementation or enforcement of any legal requirement relating to any Tax.

x. Transactions With Affiliates. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.x, none of the Companys or any of the Subsidiaries respective officers or directors, Persons who were officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary at any time during the previous two years, stockholders, or affiliates of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, or any individual related by blood, marriage or adoption to any such individual (each a Related Party), nor any Affiliate of any Related Party, is presently, or has been within the past two years, a party to any transaction, contract, agreement, instrument, commitment, understanding or other arrangement or relationship with the Company or any of the Subsidiaries (other than directly for services as an employee, officer and/or director), whether for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments or consideration to or from any such Related Party. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.x, no current officer or director of the Company or any Subsidiary or, to the Companys Knowledge, any Related Party of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates, has any direct or indirect ownership interest in any Person (other than ownership of less than 1% of the outstanding common stock of a publicly traded corporation) in which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries has any direct or indirect ownership interest or has a business relationship or with which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries competes. Affiliate for purposes hereof means, with respect to any Person, another Person that, (i) is a director, officer, manager, managing member, general partner or five percent or greater owner of equity interests in such Person, or (ii) directly or indirectly, (1) has a common ownership with that Person, (2) controls that Person, (3) is controlled by that Person or (4) shares common control with that Person. Control or controls for purposes hereof means that a person or entity has the power, direct or indirect, to conduct or govern the policies of another Person.

15

y. Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Company Board have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Certificate of Incorporation or the laws of the State of Delaware that is or could become applicable to the Buyers as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Buyers ownership of the Securities.

z. Rights Agreement. The Company has not adopted a stockholder rights plan (or poison pill) or similar arrangement relating to accumulations of beneficial ownership of Common Stock or a change in control of the Company which has not been terminated or expired in accordance with its terms.

aa. Foreign Corrupt Practices and Certain Other Federal Regulations.

(i) Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries, nor to the Companys Knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or other Person acting on behalf of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries has, in the course of its actions for, or on behalf of, the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; violated or is in violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended; or made any unlawful bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee.

(ii) The Company and each Subsidiary is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable U.S. economic sanctions laws, all executive orders and implementing regulations (Sanctions) as administered by the U.S. Treasury Departments Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) and the U.S. State Department. None of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries (A) is a Person on the SDN List, (B) is a person who is otherwise the target of U.S. economic sanctions laws such that a U.S. person cannot deal or otherwise engage in business transactions with such person, (C) is a Person organized or resident in a country or territory subject to comprehensive Sanctions (a Sanctioned Country), or (D) is owned or controlled by (including by virtue of such Person being a director or owning voting shares or interests), or acts, directly or indirectly, for or on behalf of, any Person on the SDN List or a government of a Sanctioned Country such that the entry into, or performance under, this Agreement, any other Transaction Documents or Certificate of Designations would be prohibited by applicable U.S. law.

(iii) The Company and each Subsidiary are in compliance with all laws related to terrorism or money laundering including: (A) all applicable requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970 (31 U.S.C. 5311 et. seq. (the Bank Secrecy Act)), as amended by Title III of the Patriot Act, (B) the Trading with the Enemy Act, (C) that certain Executive Order No. 13224 of September 23, 2001, entitled Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)) or any other enabling legislation, executive order or regulations issued pursuant or relating thereto, and (D) other applicable federal or state laws relating to know your customer or anti-money laundering rules and regulations. No action, suit or other proceeding by or before any court or Governmental Authority with respect to compliance with such anti-money laundering laws is pending or threatened to the knowledge of the Company and each Subsidiary.

(iv) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations governing the import, export, reexport, release, brokering, or transfer of goods, software, technology, technical data, and services, including, without limitation, the U.S. export control laws and regulations administered and enforced by the U.S. Departments of Commerce and State and the import and customs laws administered and enforced by the U.S. Departments of Homeland Security, Commerce, and U.S. Customs and Border Protection, or an appropriate foreign authority, including, without limitation, the Export Control Reform Act, the Export Administration Regulations, the Arms Export Control Act, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, the Trading with the Enemy Act, the U.S. Customs laws and regulations, OFAC, or other applicable law regulating the development, commercialization or export of technology.

bb. No Other Agreements. The Company has not, directly or indirectly, made any agreements with any Buyers relating to the terms or conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents except as set forth in the Transaction Documents.

cc. Investment Company. The Company is not, and upon the Closing will not be, an investment company, a company controlled by an investment company, or an affiliated person of, or promoter or principal underwriter for, an investment company, as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

16

dd. No Disqualification Events. None of the Company, any of its predecessors, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company participating in the offering contemplated hereby or, to the Companys Knowledge, (i) any beneficial owner (as that term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, (ii) any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the 1933 Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of the Closing, or (iii) any placement agent or dealer participating in the offering of the Securities and any of such agents or dealers directors, executive officers, other officers participating in the offering of the Securities (each, a Covered Person and, together, Covered Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the 1933 Act (a Disqualification Event). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine (A) the identity of each person that is an Covered Person; and (B) whether any Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e). With respect to each Covered Person, the Company has established procedures reasonably designed to ensure that the Company receives notice from each such Covered Person of (I) any Disqualification Event relating to that Covered Person, and (II) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to that Covered Person; in each case occurring up to and including the Closing Date. The Company is not for any other reason disqualified from reliance upon Rule 506 of Regulation D for purposes of the offer and sale of the Securities.

ee. Acknowledgement Regarding Buyers Trading Activity. It is understood and acknowledged by the Company that except as expressly set forth in this Agreement or any other agreement executed by any Buyer with or in favor of the Company, none of the Buyers or holders of the Securities has been asked to agree, nor has any Buyer agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term; and no Buyer or holder of Securities shall be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counterparty in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (i) one or more Buyers or holders of Securities may engage in hedging and/or trading activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, and (ii) such hedging and/or trading activities, if any, can reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interest in the Company both at and after the time the hedging and/or trading activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that, except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, any such hedging and/or trading activities do not constitute a breach of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents or the Certificate of Designations or affect the rights of any Buyer or holder of Securities under this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or the Certificate of Designations.

ff. Manipulation of Prices; Securities. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.ff,

(i) None of the Company or the Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors or Affiliates and, to the Companys Knowledge, no one acting on any such Persons behalf has, (A) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company or any Subsidiary to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (B) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (C) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(ii) Since June 30, 2024, no executive officer (as defined pursuant to Section 16 of the 1934 Act), director or Affiliate of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, any Affiliate of any of the foregoing, or anyone acting on their behalf, has sold, bid, purchased or traded in the Common Stock or any other security of the Company.

gg. Disclosure. The Company understands and confirms that each of the Buyers will rely on the foregoing representations in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. Taken as a whole, all disclosure provided to the Buyers regarding the Company, its business and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Schedules to this Agreement, furnished by or on behalf of the Company is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or with respect to written information omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

17

4. COVENANTS.

a. Reasonable Best Efforts. Each party shall use its reasonable best efforts to timely satisfy each of the conditions to be satisfied by it as provided in Sections 6 and 7 of this Agreement.

b. Form D and Blue Sky. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof to each Buyer promptly after such filing (unless available on EDGAR). The Company shall, on or before the Closing Date, take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Buyers at the Closing occurring on the Closing Date pursuant to this Agreement under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Buyers on or prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall make all filings and reports relating to the offer and sale of the Securities required under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States following the Closing Date.

c. Reporting Status. From the date of this Agreement until the later of (i) the first date on which no Preferred Shares, Notes or Warrants remain outstanding, and (ii) the first date on which the Buyers no longer own any Securities (the period ending on such latest date, the Reporting Period), the Company shall timely (provided, however, that the Company shall be afforded the benefit of any extension pursuant to Rule 12b-25 of the 1934 Act) file all reports required to be filed with the SEC pursuant to the 1934 Act, and the Company shall not terminate the registration of the Class A Common Stock under the 1934 Act or otherwise terminate its status as an issuer required to file reports under the 1934 Act, even if the securities laws would otherwise permit any such termination. The Company hereby agrees that, during the Reporting Period, the Company shall send to each Buyer copies of any notices and other information made available or given to the stockholders of the Company generally, contemporaneously with the Companys making available or giving such notices and other information to the stockholders (unless otherwise available on EDGAR).

d. Use of Proceeds. The Company will use the proceeds from the sale of the Preferred Shares, the Notes and Warrants to fund a portion of its cash purchase price obligations in connection with the G5 Acquisition, repayment of indebtedness, and for working capital and other general corporate purposes.

e. Internal Accounting Controls. During the Reporting Period, the Company shall, and shall cause each of the Subsidiaries to (i) at all times keep books, records and accounts with respect to all of such Persons business activities, in accordance with sound accounting practices and GAAP consistently applied, (ii) maintain a system of Internal Controls, (iii) maintain disclosure controls and procedures required by Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 under the 1934 Act, (iv) cause such disclosure controls and procedures to be effective at all times to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files with or submits to the SEC (I) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported accurately within the time periods specified in the SECs rules and forms and (II) is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, (v) maintain internal control over financial reporting required by Rule 13a-14 or Rule 15d-14 under the 1934 Act, and (vi) use its reasonable best efforts to cause such internal control over financial reporting to be effective at all times and not contain any material weaknesses.

f. Reservation of Shares. The Company shall take all action necessary to at all times have authorized, and reserved for the purpose of issuance, no less than (i) 100% of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock needed to provide for issuance of the Conversion Shares upon conversion of all outstanding Preferred Shares and Note Conversion Common Shares issuable upon conversion of all Note Conversion Shares that could become issuable (without regard to any limitations or restrictions on conversion thereof) and (ii) 100% of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock needed to provide for issuance of the Warrant Shares upon exercise of all outstanding Warrants (without regard to any limitations or restrictions on exercise thereof).

g. Listing. The Company shall take all actions necessary to remain eligible for listing of its securities on the Principal Market. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain such listing of all Registrable Securities from time to time issuable under the terms of the Transaction Documents and the Certificate of Designations; provided, that, in no event shall the Company take any action that would reasonably be expected to adversely impact the Companys ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents or the Certificate of Designations. The Company shall not take any action that would reasonably be expected to result in the delisting or suspension of the Class A Common Stock from the Principal Market or any other National Exchange on which the Companys securities are listed (provided that nothing shall prohibit the Company from transferring its listing to another National Exchange). The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligations under this Section 4.g. At all times during the Reporting Period, (i) the Class A Common Stock shall be eligible for clearing through DTC, through its Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian (DWAC) system, (ii) the Company shall be eligible and participating in the Direct Registration System (DRS) of DTC with respect to the Class A Common Stock, and (iii) the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Class A Common Stock to not at any time be subject to any DTC chill, freeze or similar restriction with respect to any DTC services, including the clearing of shares of Class A Common Stock through DTC or, in the event the Class A Common Stock becomes subject to any DTC chill, freeze or similar restriction with respect to any DTC services, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause any such chill, freeze or similar restriction to be removed at the earliest possible time.

18

h. Expenses. Notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 9, the Company shall reimburse North Run Strategic Opportunities Fund I, LP (the Lead Investor) for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the preparation and negotiation of the Transaction Documents and the related due diligence review, including fees and disbursements of the Lead Investors legal counsel. To the extent such expenses have not been paid by the Company prior to Closing, the outstanding amount payable to the Lead Investor pursuant to the preceding sentence at the Closing may be withheld as an off-set by such Buyer from its Purchase Price to be paid by it at the Closing. The Company shall pay all of its own legal, due diligence and other expenses relating to negotiating and preparing the Transaction Documents and the Certificate of Designations and consummating the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.

i. Disclosure of Transactions and Other Material Information. Within four Business Days following the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company shall file one or more Forms 8-K with the SEC describing the terms of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and including as exhibits to such Form 8-K this Agreement, the Certificate of Designations, the Note, the Security Agreement, the Subsidiary Guarantee, the Registration Rights Agreement, and the form of Warrant (such Form or Forms 8-K, collectively, the Announcing Form 8-K). Unless required by applicable law or a rule of the Principal Market, the Company shall not make any public announcement regarding the transactions contemplated hereby, the other Transaction Documents, or the Certificate of Designations prior to the Closing Date. The Company represents and warrants that, upon the first public disclosure by the Company of its earnings results for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2024, which first public disclosure shall in no event occur later than February 14, 2025, no Buyer shall be in possession of any material nonpublic information received from the Company, any of the Subsidiaries, any of their respective Affiliates or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, attorneys, representatives or agents, with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby. Subject to Section 4.j hereof and the rights that any Board Designees may have due to such Board Designees service on the Company Board, the Company shall not, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, and shall direct each of their respective officers, directors, employees and agents to not, provide any Buyer with any material nonpublic information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from and after the filing of the Announcing Form 8-K with the SEC without the express prior written consent of such Buyer. The Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that, except for the Board Designees or as set forth in in any written agreement executed by a Buyer with or in favor of the Company, no Buyer (nor any of such Buyers Affiliates) shall have any duty of trust or confidence with respect to any material nonpublic information provided by, or on behalf of, the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any ofits or their respective officers, directors, employees or agents, in violation of the foregoing covenant. Subject to the foregoing, neither the Company nor any Buyer shall issue any press releases or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby or disclosing the name of any Buyer; provided, however, that the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of any Buyer, to make any press release or other public disclosure with respect to such transactions (a) in substantial conformity with the Announcing Form 8-K and (b) as is required by applicable law and regulations (provided that the Lead Investor shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release or other public disclosure prior to its release and shall be provided with a copy thereof). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event that the Company believes that a notice or communication to any Buyer contains material, nonpublic information relating to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall so indicate to the Buyers contemporaneously with delivery of such notice or communication, and such indication shall provide the Buyers the means to refuse to receive such notice or communication; and in the absence of any such indication, the holders of the Securities shall be allowed to presume that all matters relating to such notice or communication do not constitute material, nonpublic information relating to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries. Upon receipt or delivery by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries of any notice in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents or the Certificate of Designations, unless the Company has in good faith determined that the matters relating to such notice do not constitute material, nonpublic information relating to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall within one Business Day after any such receipt or delivery publicly disclose such material, nonpublic information. For the avoidance of doubt, providing to any Board Designee (due to such Board Designees service on the Company Board) of information that may constitute material, nonpublic information relating to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, and any such Board Designees providing of such information to any Buyer or its Affiliates, including any Buyer that is an Affiliate of such Board Designee, shall not be deemed to be a breach of this Section 4.i.

19

j. Company Board.

(i) The Company, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Company Board and the Company Board have taken all actions so that, immediately following the Closing, without any further action by the Company or the Company Board (or any committee thereof), (A) the Company Board shall have been increased to a total of eight (8) members, and (B) the individuals listed on Schedule 4.j shall be added as members of the Company Board (collectively with any successors as set forth herein, the Board Designees), filling the vacancies created by the increase in the size of the Board to eight (8) members. One Board Designee shall be allocated as a Class I Director and the other Board Designee shall be allocated as a Class II director, as further set forth on Schedule 4.j. At any time when two (2) Board Designees are serving concurrently on the Company Board, one such Board Designee must meet the independence standards of the Principal Market applicable to board members generally and may not be an employee, contractor, agent, advisor, representative, or Affiliate of the Lead Investor, and must be selected by the Lead Investor and agreed to by the Company (such agreement not to be unreasonably withheld) prior to appointment (an Independent Board Designee). The Board Designee who is an employee, contractor, agent, advisor, representative, or Affiliate of the Lead Investor (an Affiliated Board Designee) shall initially be Thomas Ellis or Todd Hammer. To the extent the Independent Board Designee is not identified at Closing, then, following the selection of such Independent Board Designee by the Lead Investor and the agreement to such selection by the Company, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Company Board and the Company Board shall take all actions necessary to promptly appoint such Independent Board Designee to the Company Board.

(ii) Except as provided herein: (i) in connection with any annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company or any special meeting of the stockholders of the Company at which directors are to be elected, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Company Board shall recommend the nomination of, and the Company Board shall nominate for reelection (or election), recommend that the Companys stockholders vote in favor of election to the Company Board of (subject to the Company Boards right to withhold such recommendation if a majority of the Company Board members determine that they cannot in good faith and in consideration of their fiduciary duties approve such recommendation), and solicit proxies in favor of the election of, and the Company and the Company Board shall otherwise take all actions as are reasonably necessary or desirable to elect, each Board Designee whose term of office expires at such stockholder meeting to the Company Board, and (ii) except as provided herein, the Company Board shall not take any action to increase the size of the Company Board to more than eight (8) members without the consent of the Lead Investor. If any Board Designee is not elected or re-elected to the Company Board at any meeting of the Companys stockholders, then, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 4.j(ii)(B), the Company Board shall promptly increase the size of the Company Board by one (1) member, if necessary, and appoint the applicable Board Designee to fill the resulting vacancy.

20

(A) For purposes of this Agreement, Ownership Threshold Percentage means, at any time, a percentage equal to the quotient of (x) the total number of shares of Class A Common Stock beneficially owned by the Lead Investor and its Fund Affiliates collectively at the time of such calculation that were acquired pursuant to this Agreement and the Transaction Documents other than Note Conversion Shares and Note Conversion Common Shares beneficially owned as a result of the Lead Investor or its Fund Affiliates ownership of the Notes, Note Conversion Shares or conversion thereof, which total number shall assume full conversion of the Preferred Shares and the full exercise of the Warrants (without giving effect to any beneficial ownership limitation or other restrictions applicable to such conversion or exercise) then held by the Lead Investor and its Fund Affiliates (the Offering Related Shares), and shall, for the avoidance of doubt, include Conversion Shares issuable on account of the Accruing Dividend as defined in the Certificate of Designations and any adjustment to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the Preferred Shares and the Warrants then held effected in accordance with the provisions of the Warrants or the Certificate of Designations, divided by (y) the total number of shares of Class A Common Stock into which the Preferred Shares held by the Lead Investor and its Fund Affiliates collectively at the time of Closing are convertible and the Warrants held by the Lead Investor and its Fund Affiliates collectively at the time of Closing are exercisable (without giving effect to any beneficial ownership limitation or other restrictions applicable to such conversion or exercise). For purposes of this Agreement, (y) Fully-Diluted Ownership Percentage means, at any time, a percentage equal to the quotient of (I) the sum of the Offering Related Shares beneficially owned by the Lead Investor and its Fund Affiliates collectively, plus any Note Conversion Common Shares beneficially owned as a result of the Lead Investor or its Fund Affiliates ownership of the Note Conversion Shares then held (but excluding any Note Conversion Shares or Note Conversion Common Shares deemed to be beneficially owned by the Lead Investor or its Fund Affiliates as a result of their ownership of Notes then held and not converted), in each case at the time of such calculation and without giving effect to any beneficial ownership limitation or other restrictions applicable to such conversion or exercise, divided by (II) the number of Fully-Diluted Shares outstanding as of such date but excluding any Note Conversion Shares or Note Conversion Common Shares deemed to be beneficially owned by the Lead Investor or its Fund Affiliates as a result of their ownership of Notes then held and not converted, and Fund Affiliate means (a) each of Thomas Ellis and Todd Hammer (each a Principal and collectively, the Principals), (b) any Person controlled by a Principal or the Principals (a Controlled Person), and (c) any Person under common control with a Controlled Person or the Lead Investor, with control as defined in connection with the definition of Affiliate hereunder.

(B) If at any time after the five (5) year anniversary of Closing (the Guaranteed Term) the Ownership Threshold Percentage is less than 50% or the Fully-Diluted Ownership Percentage is less than 15%, then the rights and obligations set forth in Section 4.j(ii) above shall only apply to one (1) Board Designee, who, for the avoidance of doubt, may be an Affiliated Board Designee, and the other Board Designee shall, upon the Companys request, immediately withdraw from any nomination for reelection then applicable and shall resign from the Company Board and all committees thereof and any Subsidiary board or committee on which such Board Designee is then serving effective on the date of the Companys next annual meeting of stockholders following receipt of such request (or, if such request is submitted at a time when the Company has filed its preliminary or definitive proxy statement for the forthcoming annual meeting of stockholders but the applicable Board Designees term does not end at such annual meeting, then at the annual meeting following such pending annual meeting); provided, however, that at any time after the Guaranteed Term during which either the Ownership Threshold Percentage is less than 25% or the Fully-Diluted Ownership Percentage is less than 7.5%, the Company shall have no obligations pursuant to Section 4.j(ii) above with respect to any Board Designee, each Board Designee then serving shall immediately withdraw from any nomination for reelection then applicable and shall resign from the Company Board and all committees thereof and any Subsidiary board or committee on which such Board Designee is then serving effective on the date of the Companys next annual meeting of stockholders, in each case following receipt of such request (or, if such request is submitted at a time when the Company has filed its preliminary or definitive proxy statement for the forthcoming annual meeting of stockholders but the applicable Board Designees term does not end at such annual meeting, then at the annual meeting following such pending annual meeting), and the Lead Investors rights under this Section 4.j shall terminate.

21

(iii) Each Board Designee shall be entitled to the same compensation, the same indemnification and the same director and officer insurance in connection with such Board Designees role as a director as all other members of the Company Board, the same information regarding the Company and any subsidiaries in connection with such Board Designees role as a director as all other members of the Company Board receive at the same time it is provided to them, and each Board Designee shall be entitled to reimbursement for documented, reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in attending meetings of the Company Board and any committees thereof, to the same extent as all other members of the Company Board, all subject to and in accordance with the policies and procedures applicable to directors on the Company Board. The Affiliated Board Designee shall be entitled to share with the Lead Investor information regarding the Company and its subsidiaries it receives in its capacity as a Board member, subject to such Board Designees confidentiality obligations arising from its fiduciary duties as a Board member or otherwise. As a condition to receiving any such information, the Lead Investor agrees to maintain the confidentiality of and not disclose to any other Person other than its employees, directors, agents or legal or accounting representatives who have a need to know such confidential information and an obligation to maintain its confidentiality, any material nonpublic information or other information deemed by the Company, disclosed to the Board Designee in a manner such that it would be generally understood, or otherwise known by such Board Designee or the Lead Investor to be confidential or proprietary. The Company agrees that any such indemnification arrangements described in this Section 4.j(iii) will be the primary source of indemnification and advancement of expenses in connection with the matters covered thereby and payment thereon will be made before, offset and reduce any other insurance, indemnity or expense advancement to which each Board Designee may be entitled or which is actually paid in connection with such matters.

(iv) In the event that any Board Designee shall cease serving as a member of the Company Board, whether by resignation, removal, death, disability or otherwise (but excluding any resignation required pursuant to Section 4.j(ii)), then the Lead Investor shall select a replacement Board Designee (subject to the limitations on the number and identity of Board Designees set forth in this Section 4.j) and the Company Board shall promptly take all actions necessary to appoint such replacement Board Designee to fill the resulting vacancy.

22

k. Right to Participate in Future Offerings.

(i) So long as the Ownership Threshold Percentage equals or exceeds 25%, subject to the exceptions described below, the Company shall not, and shall cause each of its subsidiaries not to, (x) contract with any party for the issuance of any indebtedness that includes an equity component or that is convertible into, exercisable into or exchangeable for equity securities of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or equity financing, or (y) issue any equity securities of the Company or any Subsidiary or securities convertible, exchangeable or exercisable into or for equity securities of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries (including any indebtedness that includes an equity component or that is convertible into, exercisable into or exchangeable for equity securities of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries) (a Future Offering), except pursuant to Exempt Issuances (as defined below) and at-the-market offerings under Rule 415(a)(4) of the Securities Act of 1933 (none of which shall be considered Future Offerings and to which the Capital Raising Limitations (as defined below) shall not apply), unless it shall have first delivered to the Lead Investor written notice (the Future Offering Notice) describing generally the proposed Future Offering and providing the Lead Investor an option (the Buyer Purchase Option) to purchase up to a number of securities to be issued in such Future Offering equal to the product (such product, the Lead Investors Allocation Percentage) of (A) a fraction, (1) the numerator of which is the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock then held by the Lead Investor, the number of Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares then held by the Lead Investor and its Fund Affiliates collectively, the number of Note Conversion Common Shares issuable upon conversion of any Note Conversion Shares then held by the Lead Investor and its Fund Affiliates collectively, and the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants then held by the Lead Investor and its Fund Affiliates collectively (in each case, without giving effect to any limitations on conversion of the Preferred Shares or the Note Conversion Shares or on exercise of the Warrants), and (2) the denominator of which is the Fully-Diluted Shares, in each case as of the date immediately prior to the date on which the Future Offering is consummated, and (B) the total amount of securities to be issued in such Future Offering (the limitations referred to in this and the preceding sentence are collectively referred to as the Capital Raising Limitations). For purposes of this Agreement, Fully-Diluted Shares means, as of any date of determination, the sum of (X) the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding, plus (Y) the number of shares of Common Stock directly or indirectly issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange of outstanding Options and Convertible Securities (which term, for purposes of this Section 4.k.(i) and the avoidance of doubt, shall not include the Notes but shall include all Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the outstanding Preferred Shares, all Note Conversion Common Shares issuable upon conversion of any Note Conversion Shares that are outstanding, and all Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the outstanding Warrants), in each case without giving effect to any limitations on exercise, conversion or exchange of such Options or Convertible Securities (including the Preferred Shares, Note Conversion Shares and Warrants).

(ii) Upon the written request of the Lead Investor made within five (5) Business Days after its receipt of a Future Offering Notice, the Company shall provide the Lead Investor with such additional information regarding the proposed Future Offering, including the names of the ten (10) largest proposed investors, based on proceeds anticipated to be received from such proposed investors, in the proposed offering and terms and conditions and use of proceeds thereof, as the Lead Investor shall reasonably request and which has been or is being provided to other prospective investors (an Additional Information Request). The Lead Investor may exercise its Buyer Purchase Option by delivering written notice (the Buyer Purchase Notice Date) to the Company within five (5) Business Days after the later of (A) the Lead Investors receipt of a Future Offering Notice or (B) the date on which the Lead Investor has received all of the information reasonably requested in the Additional Information Request, which notice shall state the quantity of securities being offered in the Future Offering that the Lead Investor will purchase, up to its Allocation Percentage, and that quantity of securities it is willing to purchase in excess of its Allocation Percentage.

23

(iii) The Company shall have ninety (90) days following the Buyer Purchase Notice Date to sell the securities in the Future Offering (other than the securities to be purchased by the Buyers pursuant to this Section 4.k), upon terms and conditions no more favorable to the purchasers thereof, or less favorable to the Company, than specified in the Future Offering Notice. The exercise of a Buyer Purchase Option shall be contingent upon, and contemporaneous with, the consummation of such Future Offering; provided, that notwithstanding the Lead Investors exercise of the Buyer Purchase Option with respect to a particular Future Offering, the determination to complete any such Future Offering shall be within the Companys sole discretion. In connection with such consummation, the Lead Investor (if it exercises its Buyer Purchase Option) shall deliver to the Company duly and properly executed originals of any documents reasonably required by the Company to effectuate such Future Offering together with payment of the purchase price for the securities being purchased by the Lead Investor in such Future Offering (the Future Offering Purchase Price), and the Company or a Subsidiary, as appropriate, shall promptly issue to the Lead Investor the securities purchased thereby.

(iv) In the event the Company or any Subsidiary, as appropriate, has not sold such securities of the Future Offering within such ninety (90) day period described above, the Company shall not thereafter issue or sell such securities or any other securities subject to this Section 4.k without first offering such securities to the Lead Investor in the manner provided in this Section 4.k. The Capital Raising Limitations shall not apply to any Exempt Issuance.

(v) As used herein, Exempt Issuances shall mean (A) any transaction involving the Companys issuances of securities (I) as consideration in a merger or consolidation or for the acquisition of a business, product, license or other assets by the Company (the primary purpose or material result of which is not to raise or obtain equity capital or cash), or (II) in connection with any strategic partnership or joint venture (the primary purpose or material result of which is not to raise or obtain equity capital or cash), in the case of each of (I) and (II) above solely with an operating company in the industry in which the Company operates; or (B) any issuances of Class A Common Stock or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Class A Common Stock (U) pursuant to, and in accordance with the terms of, an Approved Stock Plan; (V) pursuant to agreements with vendors or consultants that are in effect as of the date of this Agreement and are listed on Schedule 4.q or hereafter approved by the Company Board; (W) to existing holders of the Companys securities in compliance with the terms of agreements in effect as of the date of this Agreement and are listed on Schedule 4.q, (X) required to be issued in connection with the G5 Acquisition, whether at closing or thereafter, or pursuant to earnout or holdback provisions of agreements that are in effect as of the date of this Agreement and are listed on Schedule 4.q, (Y) issued, deemed to be issued or issuable by the Company upon the exercise, exchange or conversion of securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, including Preferred Shares, the Notes and the Warrants, and (Z) pursuant to any warrants issued to a lender in connection with a bona fide financing of the Company or any Subsidiary (with the value of the shares underlying such warrants at the time of issuance not to exceed 20% of the original principal amount of such financing) if such lender does not consent to the Lead Investors pro rata participation in the loan constituting such Future Offering equal to the Lead Investors Allocation Percentage, provided that any such warrants issued to such lender shall not contain any provisions that would constitute a Variable Rate Transaction, shall only be convertible or exercisable into Class A Common Stock, and shall not include any Black Scholes or similar cash payment obligations of the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, Approved Stock Plan shall mean any employee benefit, equity incentive, employee stock purchase, retention or similar plan that has been approved by the Company Board, pursuant to which the Companys securities may be issued to any consultant, employee, officer or director for services provided to the Company.

24

l. Reserved.

m. Compliance with Laws; Maintenance of Permits. During the Reporting Period, the Company shall, and shall cause each of the subsidiaries to, maintain all material Permits, the lack of which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and to remain in compliance with all laws in all material respects (including Environmental Laws and laws relating to taxes, employer and employee contributions and similar items, securities, ERISA, employee health and safety, medical devices and biohazardous materials) the failure with which to comply would have a Material Adverse Effect.

n. Patriot Act, Investor Secrecy Act and Office of Foreign Assets Control. As required by federal law and each Buyers policies and practices, each Buyer may need to obtain, verify and record certain customer identification information and documentation in connection with opening or maintaining accounts, or establishing or continuing to provide services, and, from the date of this Agreement until the end of the Reporting Period, the Company agrees to, and shall cause each of the subsidiaries to, provide such information to each Buyer.

o. Pledge of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Securities may be pledged by a holder thereof in connection with a bona fide margin agreement or other loan secured by the Securities. The pledge of Securities shall not be deemed to be a transfer, sale or assignment of the Securities hereunder, and no such holder effecting any such pledge of Securities shall be required to provide the Company with any notice thereof or otherwise make any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or the Certificate of Designations, including Section 2.f of this Agreement; provided that such holder and its pledgee shall be required to comply with the provisions of Section 2.f in order to effect a sale, transfer or assignment of Securities to such pledgee. The Company hereby agrees to execute and deliver such documentation as a pledgee of the Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge of the Securities to such pledgee by a holder of Securities.

p. Prohibition Against Variable Rate Transactions. During the Guaranteed Term, the Company and each Subsidiary shall be prohibited from effecting, or entering into an agreement directly or indirectly to effect a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company or any Subsidiary (i) issues or sells any Option or Convertible Securities either (A) at a conversion, exercise or exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such Option or Convertible Securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such Option or Convertible Securities or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock, other than pursuant to customary adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations and similar events or (ii) enters into any agreement (including, without limitation, an equity line of credit) whereby the Company or any Subsidiary may sell securities at a future determined price. For purposes of this Agreement, Convertible Securities means any stock or securities (other than Options) directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of Common Stock and Options means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall not prevent the Company from conducting at-the-market offerings under Rule 415(a)(4) of the 1933 Act, and shall not prevent the Company from fulfilling its obligations in respect of securities of the Company outstanding on the date of this Agreement or to be issued in connection with the offering of the Securities or the G5 Acquisition. Any Buyer shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

q. Subsequent Equity Sales. Between the date hereof and one hundred twenty (120) days following the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (1) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock, Convertible Securities or Options or (2) file any registration statement or any amendment or supplement thereto, in each case other than as contemplated pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement or a post-effective amendment to an existing registration statement necessary to continue such registration without lapse, provided, however, that this Section 4.q(i) shall not apply in respect of any Exempt Issuances.

25

r. Stockholder Approval. The Company shall provide each stockholder entitled to vote at a special meeting of stockholders of the Company (the Stockholder Meeting), which shall be promptly called and held not later than one hundred and twenty (120) days following the Closing Date (the Stockholder Meeting Deadline), a proxy statement, in a form reasonably acceptable to counsel for the Lead Investor, at the expense of the Company, soliciting each such stockholders affirmative vote at the Stockholder Meeting for approval of resolutions (Stockholder Resolutions) providing for the approval of the removal of the limitations on voting and on conversion set forth in Sections 2(a) and 4 of the Certificate of Designations and Section 2(e) of the Warrants in compliance with Nasdaq Rule 5635(d) (the Stockholder Approval, and the date the Stockholder Approval is obtained, the Stockholder Approval Date), and the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to solicit its stockholders approval of such resolutions and to cause the Company Board to recommend to the stockholders that they approve such resolutions. The Company shall be obligated to seek to obtain the Stockholder Approval by the Stockholder Meeting Deadline. If, despite the Company's reasonable best efforts the Stockholder Approval is not obtained on or prior to the Stockholder Meeting Deadline, the Company shall call a special or annual meeting of stockholders every one hundred eighty (180) days thereafter and shall include a proposal and recommendation to approve the Stockholder Resolutions in the proxy statement for each such meeting of stockholders, until such Stockholder Approval is obtained. Each Buyer acknowledges that, as required by the rules of the Principal Market, holders of the shares of Preferred Stock (on an as-converted basis), Conversion Shares, Note Conversion Common Shares and Warrant Shares are not eligible to vote such shares with respect to the Stockholder Resolutions and such Buyer agrees to not vote any shares of Preferred Stock (on an as-converted basis), Conversion Shares, Note Conversion Common Shares or Warrant Shares held by such Buyer with respect to the Stockholder Resolutions.

s. No Avoidance of Obligations. During the Reporting Period, the Company shall not, and shall cause each of the subsidiaries not to, enter into any agreement which would limit or restrict the Companys or any of the subsidiaries ability to perform under, or take any other voluntary action to avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed by it under, this Agreement, the Warrants, the Notes, the Certificate of Designations, and the other Transaction Documents.

t. Regulation M. Neither the Company, nor any subsidiaries nor any Affiliates of the foregoing shall take any action prohibited by Regulation M under the 1934 Act, in connection with the offer, sale and delivery of the Securities contemplated hereby.

u. Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Buyers in writing, prior to the Closing Date of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Covered Person.

v. No Integrated Offering. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries, nor any Affiliates of the foregoing or any Person acting on the behalf of any of the foregoing, shall, directly or indirectly, make any offers or sales of any security or solicit any offers to purchase any security, under any circumstances that would require registration of any of the Securities under the 1933 Act or require stockholder approval of the issuance of any of the Securities.

w. Transfer Taxes. The Company shall be responsible for any liability with respect to any transfer, stamp or similar non-income Taxes, if any, that may be payable in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the Certificate of Designations, including any such Taxes with respect to the issuance of the Preferred Shares, the Notes, the Conversion Shares, the Note Conversion Shares, the Note Conversion Common Shares, the Warrants or the Warrant Shares.

x. Short Sales. During the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the earlier of (i) the two (2) year anniversary of the Closing Date and (ii) the date when all of the Preferred Shares have been converted into Conversion Shares, none of the Buyers shall engage in any transaction that would constitute a Short Sale without the prior written consent of the Company.

y. Shareholder Rights Plan. To the extent permitted by applicable law without the requirement for a stockholder vote, no claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Buyer is an acquiring person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Buyer could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, in each case by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Buyers.

26

z. Further Instruments and Acts. From the date of this Agreement until the end of the Reporting Period, upon request of any Buyer or Investor (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), the Company will execute and deliver such further instruments and do such further acts as may be reasonably necessary or proper to carry out more effectively the purposes of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the Certificate of Designations.

5. TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTIONS.

a. Register. The Company shall maintain at its principal executive offices (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by notice to each holder of Securities), a register for the Preferred Stock, the Notes and the Warrants in which the Company shall record the name and address of the Person in whose name the Preferred Stock, the Notes and the Warrants have been issued (including the name and address of each transferee), the number of shares of Preferred Stock held by such Person, the number of Notes held by such person, the number of Conversion Shares issuable pursuant to the terms of the Preferred Stock, the number of shares of Preferred Stock issuable pursuant to the terms of the Notes, and the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants held by such Person. The Company shall keep the register open and available at all times during business hours for inspection of any Buyer or its legal representatives.

b. Transfer Agent Instructions. The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to its transfer agent for the Class A Common Stock in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D (the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions), and any subsequent transfer agent, to issue certificates or credit shares to the applicable balance accounts at the DTC, registered in the name of each holder of Preferred Shares, Note Conversion Shares or Warrants, as applicable, or such holders nominee(s), for the Conversion Shares, the Note Conversion Common Shares issuable upon conversion of any Note Conversion Shares, and the Warrant Shares in such amounts as specified from time to time by each such holder to the Company upon conversion of the Preferred Shares or Note Conversion Shares or exercise of the Warrants, as applicable. The Company warrants that no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this Section 5 and stop transfer instructions to give effect to the provisions of Section 2.f will be given by the Company to its transfer agent (unless reasonably requested by the transfer agent) and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided in this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement. If a Buyer effects a sale, assignment or transfer of the Securities in accordance with Section 2.f, the Company shall permit the transfer and shall promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one or more certificates or credit shares to the applicable balance accounts at DTC in such name and in such denominations as specified by such Buyer to effect such sale, transfer or assignment. In the event that such sale, assignment or transfer involves Conversion Shares, Note Conversion Common Shares issued upon conversion of Note Conversion Shares, or Warrant Shares sold, assigned or transferred pursuant to an effective registration statement or in compliance with Rule 144, the transfer agent shall issue such shares to such Buyer, assignee or transferee (as the case may be) without any restrictive legend. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the holders of the Notes, Preferred Shares and the Warrants by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section 5 will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section 5, that the holders of the Notes, Preferred Shares and the Warrants shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an order and/or injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate issuance and transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

27

c. Legends.

(i) Such Buyer understands that, subject to Section 5.c(ii) below, the certificates or other instruments representing the Securities, except as set forth below, shall bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form:

[NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE [EXERCISABLE] HAVE BEEN][THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN] REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER, IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

(ii) Certificates evidencing the Conversion Shares, Note Conversion Common Shares and Warrant Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 5.c(i) hereof), (i) while a registration statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the 1933 Act, (ii) following any sale of such Conversion Shares, Note Conversion Common Shares or Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), (iii) if such Conversion Shares Note Conversion Common Shares or Warrant Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such Conversion Shares, Note Conversion Common Shares and Warrant Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the 1933 Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the SEC). The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Companys transfer agent or the Buyer promptly after the effective date of the registration statement filed pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement (the Effective Date) if required by such transfer agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or if requested by a Buyer, respectively. If all or any portion of a Warrant is exercised, if any Note Conversion Shares are converted, or if all or any portion of the Preferred Stock is converted at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the resale of the Conversion Shares, Note Conversion Common Shares, and the Warrant Shares, or if such Conversion Shares, Note Conversion Common Shares or Warrant Shares may be sold under Rule 144 and the Company is then in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), or if the Conversion Shares, Note Conversion Common Shares or Warrant Shares may be sold under Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such Conversion Shares, Note Conversion Common Shares or Warrant Shares or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of the 1933 Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the SEC) then such Conversion Shares, Note Conversion Common Shares or Warrant Shares, as applicable, shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that following the Effective Date or at such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 5.c, it will, no later than the earlier of (i) one (1) day on which the Principal Market is open for trading (a Trading Day) and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following the delivery by a Buyer to the Company or the transfer agent of a certificate representing Conversion Shares, Note Conversion Common Shares or Warrant Shares, as the case may be, issued with a restrictive legend (such date, the Legend Removal Date), deliver or cause to be delivered to such Buyer a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to its transfer agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 5.c. Certificates for Securities subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the transfer agent to the Buyer by crediting the account of the Buyers prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Buyer. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys Principal Market with respect to the Class A Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate representing Conversion Shares, Note Conversion Common Shares or Warrant Shares, as the case may be, issued with a restrictive legend.

28

(iii) In addition to such Buyers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Buyer, in cash, (i) as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Conversion Shares, Note Conversion Common Shares or Warrant Shares (based on the VWAP of the Class A Common Stock on the date such Securities are submitted to the Companys transfer agent) delivered for removal of the restrictive legend and subject to Section 5.c(ii), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day five (5) Trading Days after such damages have begun to accrue) for each Trading Day after the Legend Removal Date until such certificate is delivered without a legend and (ii) if the Company fails to (a) issue and deliver (or cause to be delivered) to a Buyer by the Legend Removal Date a certificate representing the Securities so delivered to the Company by such Buyer that is free from all restrictive and other legends and (b) if after the Legend Removal Date such Buyer purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Class A Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Buyer of all or any portion of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock, or a sale of a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to all or any portion of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock, that such Buyer anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive legend, then an amount equal to the excess of such Buyers total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Class A Common Stock so purchased (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) (the Buy-In Price) over the product of (A) such number of Conversion Shares, Note Conversion Common Shares or Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to such Buyer by the Legend Removal Date multiplied by (B) the lowest closing sale price of the Class A Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the delivery by such Buyer to the Company of the applicable Conversion Shares, Note Conversion Common Shares or Warrant Shares (as the case may be) and ending on the date of such delivery and payment under this Section 5.c(iii). As used herein, VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Class A Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a National Exchange, the daily volume weighted average price of the Class A Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the National Exchange on which the Class A Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a National Exchange, the volume weighted average price of the Class A Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Class A Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Class A Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Class A Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Class A Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

6. CONDITIONS TO THE COMPANYS OBLIGATION TO SELL. The obligation of the Company to issue and sell the Preferred Shares, the Notes and the Warrants to each Buyer at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions; provided that these conditions are for the Companys sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion by providing each Buyer with prior written notice thereof:

a. Such Buyer shall have executed each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and delivered the same to the Company.

b. Such Buyer shall have delivered to the Company the Purchase Price (less any amount withheld pursuant to Section 4.h) for the Preferred Shares, the Notes and the Warrants being purchased by such Buyer at the Closing by wire transfer of immediately available funds pursuant to the wire instructions provided by the Company or, if noted next to such Buyers name on the Schedule of Buyers, by exchange of any applicable Indebtedness of the Company held by such Buyer.

c. The representations and warranties of such Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date), and such Buyer shall have performed, satisfied and complied with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by the Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied with by such Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date.

d. The Closing of the sale of the Preferred Shares, the Notes and the Warrants will result in aggregate gross cash proceeds to the Company of not less than $28.5 million.

29

e. The Company will have closed the G5 Acquisition or such closing will occur simultaneously with the Closing.

7. CONDITIONS TO EACH BUYERS OBLIGATION TO PURCHASE. The obligation of each Buyer hereunder to purchase the Preferred Shares, the Notes and the Warrants from the Company at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for each Buyers sole benefit and may be waived only by such Buyer at any time in its sole discretion by providing the Company with prior written notice thereof:

a. The Company shall have executed each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and delivered the same to such Buyer.

b. The Company shall have delivered to such Buyer a copy of the Certificate of Designations, certified by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.

c. The representations and warranties of the Company and the Subsidiaries shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date) and the Company and the Subsidiaries shall have performed, satisfied and complied with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by the Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company and the Subsidiaries at or prior to the Closing Date. Such Buyer shall have received a certificate, executed by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, to the foregoing effect and as to such other matters as may be reasonably requested by such Buyer.

d. Such Buyer shall have received (A) the opinion of Baker & Hostetler LLP, dated as of the Closing Date, which opinion will address, among other things, laws of the State of Delaware and federal law applicable to the transactions contemplated hereby, in form, scope and substance reasonably satisfactory to such Buyer and in substantially the form of Exhibit E attached hereto, and (B) the opinion of Xsensus, LLP, dated as of the Closing Date, with respect to matters regarding certain intellectual property of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in form, scope and substance reasonably satisfactory to Buyer, in each case subject to customary assumptions and carve-outs.

e. The Company shall have executed and delivered to such Buyer the Preferred Stock Certificates, the Notes and the Warrants (in such denominations as such Buyer shall request) for the Preferred Shares, Notes and the Warrants being purchased by such Buyer at the Closing.

f. The Company Board shall have adopted, and not rescinded or otherwise amended or modified, resolutions in a form reasonably acceptable to such Buyer (the Resolutions).

g. As of the Closing Date, the Company shall have reserved out of its authorized and unissued Class A Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Preferred Shares, conversion of the Note Conversion Shares and the exercise of the Warrants, at least 26,791,105 shares of Class A Common Stock (such number to be adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations or other similar transactions involving the Class A Common Stock that are effective at any time after the date of this Agreement).

h. The Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions shall have been delivered to and acknowledged in writing by the Companys transfer agent, and the Company shall have delivered a copy thereof to such Buyer.

i. None of the Company Board or the board of directors, board of managers or other governing body of the Subsidiaries shall have authorized or approved, or taken any action to authorize or approve, and none of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries shall have consummated (or entered into any agreement or arrangement with respect to) (i) any transaction to pay, repay, redeem or refinance any indebtedness of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, other than the payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices, or (ii) any financing transaction (whether through the issuance of equity or debt securities or otherwise), in each case (A) to occur at any time on or after the date of this Agreement, or (B) that has not been previously publicly disclosed.

j. The Company shall have delivered to such Buyer a certificate evidencing the incorporation or organization and good standing of the Company and each domestic Subsidiary in such entitys state or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization issued by the Secretary of State (or other applicable authority) of such state or jurisdiction of incorporation or organization as of a date within five (5) Business Days of the Closing Date.

30

k. The Company shall have delivered to such Buyer a secretarys certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, certifying as to (A) the Resolutions, (B) the Certificate of Incorporation, certified as of a date within five (5) Business Days of the Closing Date, by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, and (C) the Bylaws.

l. The Company shall have made all filings under all applicable federal and state securities laws necessary to consummate the issuance of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement in compliance with such laws.

m. The Company shall have delivered to such Buyer a letter from the Companys transfer agent certifying the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of a date within two (2) Business Days of the Closing Date.

n. During the period beginning on the date of this Agreement and ending immediately prior to the Closing, there shall not have been any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction with respect to any capital stock of the Company, including the Common Stock.

o. Each stockholder of the Company listed on Schedule 7.o shall have delivered a Voting Agreement, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Lead Investor, agreeing to vote all Common Stock held by such stockholder in favor of the Stockholder Resolutions at the Stockholder Meeting.

p. The Company and the Subsidiaries shall have delivered to such Buyer such other documents relating to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as such Buyer or its counsel may reasonably request.

8. INDEMNIFICATION.

a. Company Indemnification Obligation. In consideration of each Buyers execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and acquiring the Securities thereunder and in addition to all of the Companys and the Subsidiaries other obligations under the Transaction Documents and the Certificate of Designations, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless each Buyer and all of their stockholders, partners, officers, directors, members, managers, employees and direct or indirect investors and any of the foregoing Persons agents or other representatives (including those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the Indemnitees) from and against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought) and including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities), incurred by any Indemnitees as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (a) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries in the Transaction Documents or the Certificate of Designations or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (b) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries contained in the Transaction Documents, the Certificate of Designations or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, or (c) any cause of action, suit or claim brought or made against such Indemnitees and arising out of or resulting from the execution, delivery, performance or enforcement of the Transaction Documents or the Certificate of Designations in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby in accordance with the terms thereof (other than a cause of action, suit or claim brought or made against an Indemnitee by such Indemnitees owners, investors or Affiliates). To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities that is permissible under applicable law.

31

b. Indemnification Procedures. Each Indemnitee shall (i) give prompt written notice to the Company of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification or contribution pursuant to this Agreement (provided, however, that the failure of the Indemnitee to promptly deliver such notice shall not relieve the Company of any liability, except to the extent that the Company is prejudiced in its ability to defend such claim) and (ii) permit the Company to assume the defense of such claim with counsel selected by the Company and reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnitee; provided, however, that any Indemnitee entitled to indemnification hereunder shall have the right to employ separate counsel and to participate in the defense of such claim, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnitee unless (A) the Company has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses, (B) the Company shall have failed to assume the defense of such claim within five (5) Business Days of delivery of the written notice of the Indemnitee with respect to such claim or failed to employ counsel selected by the Company and reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnitee, or (C) in the reasonable judgment of the Indemnitee, based upon the written opinion of its counsel, that a conflict of interest exists or is likely to arise between the Indemnitee and the Company with respect to such claims (in which case, if the Indemnitee notifies the Company in writing that it elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the Company, the Company shall not have the right to assume the defense of such claim on behalf of the Indemnitee). If the Company assumes the defense of the claim, it shall not be subject to any liability for any settlement or compromise made by the Indemnitee without its consent (but such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). In connection with any settlement negotiated by the Company, the Company shall not, and no Indemnitee shall be required by the Company to, (I) enter into any settlement which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to the Indemnitee of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation, (II) enter into any settlement that attributes by its terms any liability, culpability or fault to the Indemnitee, or (III) consent to the entry of any judgment that does not include as a term thereof a full dismissal of the litigation or proceeding with prejudice. In addition, without the consent of the Indemnitee, the Company shall not consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which provides for any obligation or restriction on the part of the Indemnitee other than the payment of money damages which are to be paid in full by the Company. If the Company fails or elects not to assume the defense of a claim pursuant to clause (B) above, or is not entitled to assume or continue the defense of such claim pursuant to clause (C) above, the Indemnitee shall have the right without prejudice to its right of indemnification hereunder to, in its discretion exercised in good faith and upon advice of counsel, to contest, defend and litigate such claim and may settle such claim, either before or after the initiation of litigation, at such time and upon such terms as the Indemnitee deems fair and reasonable; provided that, at least five (5) Business Days prior to any settlement, written notice of such Indemnitees intention to settle is given to the Company. If requested by the Company, the Indemnitee agrees (at no expense to the Indemnitee) to reasonably cooperate with the Company and its counsel in contesting any claim that the Company elects to contest.

9. GOVERNING LAW; MISCELLANEOUS.

a. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; No Jury Trial. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware and any state appellate court therefrom sitting in New Castle County in the State of Delaware (or, if the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware declines to accept jurisdiction over a particular matter, any state or federal court within the State of Delaware), for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

32

b. Counterparts; Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party. A PDF or other reproduction of this Agreement may be executed by one or more parties hereto, and an executed copy of this Agreement may be delivered by one or more parties hereto by e-mail, DocuSign or other electronic transmission device pursuant to which the signature of or on behalf of such party can be seen, and such execution and delivery shall be considered valid, binding and effective for all purposes. The parties hereto hereby agree that no party shall raise the execution of PDF, DocuSign or other reproduction of this Agreement, or the fact that any signature or document was transmitted or communicated by e-mail or other electronic transmission device, as a defense to the formation of this Agreement.

c. Headings. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement.

d. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.

e. Entire Agreement; Amendments; Waivers. This Agreement supersedes all other prior oral or written agreements among each Buyer, the Company and the Subsidiaries, their Affiliates and Persons acting on their behalf with respect to the matters discussed herein, and this Agreement and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the matters covered herein and therein. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Company and the Lead Investor or, if the Lead Investor does not still hold any Securities, by holders of at least a majority of the then-outstanding Preferred Shares. Any such amendment shall bind all holders of the Preferred Shares, the Notes and the Warrants. No such amendment shall be effective to the extent that it applies to less than all of the holders of the Preferred Shares, Notes or Warrants then outstanding. No failure or delay on the part of a party in either exercising or enforcing any right under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of, or impair, any such right. No single or partial exercise or enforcement of any such right shall preclude any other or further exercise or enforcement thereof or the exercise or enforcement of any other right. No waiver of any such right shall be deemed a waiver of any other right. No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification or supplement of any provision of any of the Transaction Documents or the Certificate of Designations unless the same consideration also is offered to all of the parties hereto or to the other Transaction Documents or holders of the Preferred Shares, Notes or Warrants, as the case may be. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Buyer and is not intended for the Company to treat the Buyers as a class and shall not be construed in any way as the Buyers acting in concert or otherwise as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of securities or otherwise.

f. Notices. Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by email (and confirmed by another method permitted under this Section 9.f); or (iii) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses and email addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the Company:

LightPath Technologies, Inc.

2603 Challenger Tech Court, Suite 100

Orlando, FL 32826

Email: 

srubin@lightpath.com

Attention: 

Shmuel Rubin

33

With copy to:

Baker & Hostetler LLP

200 South Orange Avenue, Suite 2300

Orlando, FL 32801

Email: 

jdecker@bakerlaw.com

Attention: 

Jeffrey Decker, Esq.

If to a Buyer, to it at the address and email address set forth on the Schedule of Buyers, with copies to such Buyers representatives as set forth on the Schedule of Buyers, or, in the case of a Buyer or any other party named above, at such other address and/or email address and/or to the attention of such other Person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party ten (10) days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B) generated by return receipt of an email or (C) provided by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by email or deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

g. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns, including any purchasers of the Preferred Shares, Notes or the Warrants. The Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Lead Investor, or, if the Lead Investor does not hold any Securities at such time, by holders of at least a majority of the Preferred Shares then outstanding, including by merger or consolidation, except pursuant to a Fundamental Transaction with respect to which the Company is in compliance with Section 5 of the Certificate of Designations. After a Closing with a Buyer, such Buyer may assign some or all of its rights hereunder without the consent of the Company; provided, however, that any such assignment shall not release such Buyer from its obligations hereunder unless such obligations are assumed by such assignee in a written agreement reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Company has consented to such assignment and assumption, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Transaction Documents or the Certificate of Designations, the Buyers shall be entitled to pledge the Securities in connection with a bona fide margin account or other loan or financing arrangement secured by the Securities. For the avoidance of doubt, rights granted to the Lead Investor in its capacity as such in this Agreement or in any of the other Transaction Documents are personal to the Lead Investor and may not be assigned without the Companys prior written consent which may be granted or withheld in the Companys discretion, except for transfers to (i) any Fund Affiliate or (ii) any Person that acquires the Lead Investor (or, if all of the Securities issued to the Lead Investor pursuant to this Agreement then outstanding have been assigned to a Fund Affiliate, such Fund Affiliate) by merger, consolidation, acquisition of more than 50% of voting securities, or sale of all or substantially all of the Lead Investors or Fund Affiliates assets.

h. No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns and, to the extent provided in Section 8, each Indemnitee, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

i. Survival. Unless this Agreement is terminated under Section 9.k, the representations and warranties of the Company and the Buyers contained in Sections 2 and 3, the agreements and covenants set forth in Sections 4 and 5 and this Section 9, and the indemnification provisions set forth in Section 8, shall survive the Closing. Each Buyer shall be responsible only for its own representations, warranties, agreements and covenants hereunder.

j. Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

k. Termination. In the event that the Closing shall not have occurred with respect to a Buyer on or before the sixth (6th) Business Day following the date of this Agreement due to the Companys or such Buyers failure to satisfy the conditions set forth in Sections 6 and 7 above (and the nonbreaching partys failure to waive such unsatisfied condition(s)), the nonbreaching party shall have the option to terminate this Agreement with respect to such breaching party at the close of business on such date without liability of any party to any other party; provided, however, that if this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 9.k, the Company shall be obligated to reimburse each of the Buyers (so long as such Buyer is not a breaching party) for its reasonable expenses (including attorneys fees and expenses) associated with the Closing.

34

l. Placement Agent. The Company represents and warrants to each of the Buyers that except for the engagement of Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC (Craig-Hallum), it has not engaged a placement agent, broker or financial advisor in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and except for fees payable to Craig-Hallum, there are no fees, commissions or expenses payable to any broker, finder or agent relating to or arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company shall be responsible for the payment of any placement agents fees or brokers commissions relating to or arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby, including those payable to Craig-Hallum. The Company shall pay, and hold each of the Buyers harmless against, any liability, loss or expense (including attorneys fees and out-of-pocket expenses) arising in connection with any claim for any such payment.

m. No Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties thereto express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

n. Remedies. The parties hereto agree that (i) irreparable harm would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached, and (ii) money damages or other legal remedies may be an adequate remedy for any such harm. Each Buyer and each holder of the Securities shall have all rights and remedies set forth in the Transaction Documents and the Certificate of Designations and all rights and remedies that such Buyers and holders have been granted at any time under any other agreement or contract and all of the rights that such Buyers and holders have under any law. Any Person having any rights under any provision of this Agreement shall be entitled to seek to enforce such rights specifically (without posting a bond or other security or proving actual damages), to recover damages by reason of any breach of any provision of this Agreement and to exercise all other rights granted by law.

o. Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company or any of the Subsidiaries makes a payment or payments to the Buyers hereunder or pursuant to the Certificate of Designations or under any of the other Transaction Documents or the Buyers enforce or exercise their rights hereunder or thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company or such Subsidiary, by a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

35

p. Independent Nature of Buyers. The obligations of each Buyer hereunder are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Buyer, and no Buyer shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other Buyer hereunder. Each Buyer shall be responsible only for its own representations, warranties, agreements and covenants hereunder. The decision of each Buyer to purchase the Securities pursuant to this Agreement has been made by such Buyer independently of any other Buyer and independently of any information, materials, statements or opinions as to the business, affairs, operations, assets, properties, liabilities, results of operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries which may have been made or given by any other Buyer or by any agent or employee of any other Buyer, and no Buyer or any of its agents or employees shall have any liability to any other Buyer (or any other Person or entity) relating to or arising from any such information, materials, statements or opinions. Nothing contained herein, and no action taken by any Buyer pursuant hereto or thereto (including a Buyers purchase of Preferred Shares, Notes and Warrants at the Closing at the same time as any other Buyer or Buyers), shall be deemed to constitute the Buyers as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Buyers are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated hereby. Each Buyer shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including the rights arising out of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the Certificate of Designations, and it shall not be necessary for any other Buyer to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose.

q. Interpretative Matters. Unless the context otherwise requires, (i) all references to Sections, Schedules or Exhibits are to Sections, Schedules or Exhibits contained in or attached to this Agreement, (ii) each accounting term not otherwise defined in this Agreement has the meaning assigned to it in accordance with GAAP, (iii) words in the singular or plural include the singular and plural and pronouns stated in either the masculine, the feminine or neuter gender shall include the masculine, feminine and neuter, (iv) the use of the word including in this Agreement shall be by way of example rather than limitation, and (v) the word or shall not be exclusive. All statements as to factual matters contained in any certificate or other instrument delivered by or on behalf of the Company pursuant to this Agreement, any of the other Transaction Documents or the Certificate of Designations in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be deemed to be representations and warranties by the Company, as if made by the Company pursuant to Section 3 hereof, as of the date of such certificate or instrument (including for purposes of Section 7 hereof).

* * * * * *

36

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Buyers and the Company have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Shmuel Rubin 

Title: 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature pages of Buyers follow]

37

BUYERS:

NORTH RUN STRATEGIC OPPORTUNITIES FUND I, LP

By: North Run Strategic Opportunities 

Fund I GP, LLC, its general partner

By: 

Name: 

Thomas Ellis 

Title: 

Member 

NORTH RUN DUE NORTH PARTNERS, LP

By: North Run GP, LP, 

its general partner

By: North Run Advisors, LLC, 

its general partner

By: 

Name: 

Thomas Ellis 

Title: 

Member 

LYTTON-KAMBARA FOUNDATION

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ALICE W. LYTTON FAMILY LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

AIGH INVESTMENT PARTNERS, LP

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

WVP EMERGING MANAGER ONSHORE FUND LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

38

SCHEDULE OF BUYERS

Buyers Name 

Buyer Address

and Email Address 

Number of 

Preferred

Shares 

Original Principal Amount of Notes 

Number of

Warrant Shares

Initially Issuable

Upon Exercise of 

Warrants 

Buyers Legal Representatives

Address and Email Address

North Run Strategic Opportunities Fund I, LP 

c/o North Run Capital

867 Boylston Street, 5th Floor, #1361

Boston, MA 02116

tellis@northruncapital.com 

20,062.588905 

3,499,289 

Blank Rome LLP

125 High Street

Boston, MA 02110

Attention: Robert Petitt

North Run Due North Partners, LP 

c/o North Run Capital

867 Boylston Street, 5th Floor, #1361

Boston, MA 02116

tellis@northruncapital.com 

$4,000,000.00 

Blank Rome LLP

125 High Street

Boston, MA 02110

Attention: Robert Petitt

AIGH Investment Partners, LP 

6006 Berkeley Ave.

Baltimore, MD 21209

orin@aighpartners.com 

2,157.951636 

376,387 

WVP Emerging Manager Onshore Fund LLC AIGH Series 

6006 Berkeley Ave.

Baltimore, MD 21209

orin@aighpartners.com 

778.036984 

135,704 

Lytton-Kambara Foundation* 

Laurence Lytton

467 Central Park West, 17-A

New York, NY 10025 

978.662873 

$1,195,205.48 

170,697 

Alice W. Lytton Family LLC 

Laurence Lytton

467 Central Park West, 17-A

New York, NY 10025

LWLytton@gmail.com 

978.662873 

170,697 

* Buyer shall pay its applicable Purchase Price for Preferred Shares and related Warrants by exchanging an aggregate of $2,195,205.48 in principal and accrued and unpaid interest outstanding under existing Indebtedness of the Company, of which $1,000,000.00 shall be allocated to the purchase of Preferred Shares and related Warrants and $1,195,205.48 shall be allocated to the purchase of Notes.

39

EXHIBITS

Exhibit A 

Certificate of Designations

Exhibit B 

Form of Warrant

Exhibit C 

Form of Registration Rights Agreement

Exhibit D 

Form of Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions

Exhibit E 

Form of Company Counsel Opinion

Exhibit F 

Form of Note

Exhibit G 

Form of Securities Agreement

Exhibit H 

Form of Subsidiary Guarantee

40

Exhibit A 

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS

41

Exhibit B 

FORM OF WARRANT

42

Exhibit C 

FORM OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

43

Exhibit D 

IRREVOCABLE TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTIONS

LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

February [__] , 2025

Computershare Trust Company, N.A.

[__________]

[__________]

Attention: [__________]

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 13, 2025 (the Securities Purchase Agreement), by and among LightPath Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the investors listed on the Schedule of Buyers attached thereto (individually, a Buyer and collectively, the Buyers and, together with the successors and any assigns of the Warrants or the Preferred Shares (as defined below), the Holders). Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company issued (i) an aggregate of 24,955.903272 shares (the Preferred Shares) of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the Preferred Stock), which Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of the Companys Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Class A Common Stock; the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares being referred to as the Conversion Shares), (ii) Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 4,352,774 shares of Class A Common Stock (the Warrants; the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants being referred to as the Warrant Shares), and (iii) senior secured notes of the Company, in the aggregate original principal amount of up to $5,195,205.48 (the Notes), which Notes shall, upon the occurrence of certain specified events, be convertible into shares of Preferred Stock (the shares of Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes being referred to as the Note Conversion Shares and the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of such Note Conversion Shares being the Note Conversion Common Shares).

This letter shall serve as the Companys irrevocable authorization and instruction to Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (hereinafter, you) (provided that you are the transfer agent of the Company at such time) to (i) establish a reserve, based on a true and correct copy of the resolution of the Companys Board of Directors that we have provided to you, authorizing such reserve, of Common Stock for issuance to the Holders, and to (ii) issue shares of Common Stock to the Holders from the above referenced reserve, promptly upon conversion of Preferred Shares, conversion of Note Conversion Shares, or exercise of a Warrant to, or upon the order of, the Holder thereof from time to time upon delivery to you of a properly completed and duly executed Conversion Notice in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I or Exercise Notice in the form attached hereto as Exhibit II (as applicable), which, in each case, has been acknowledged by the Company as indicated by the signature of an authorized officer of the Company thereon, which will contain complete and full share issuance details and which acknowledgment shall, together with this letter, constitute an instruction letter of the Company with respect to such issuance. A share issuance resolution shall not be required for each conversion or exercise because this instruction letter and the Securities Purchase Agreement have been approved by resolution of the Companys Board of Directors. Pursuant to that resolution, all of the Conversion Shares, the Note Conversion Common Shares, and all of the Warrant Shares are authorized to be issued to the Holders.

44

Subject to compliance with, as applicable, and in each case, your issuance, transfer, and restricted stock processing requirements, including, but not limited to, documents being submitted in good order, you acknowledge and agree that so long as (A) you have previously received written confirmation (a Certification) from outside legal counsel of the Company that either (i) a registration statement covering resales of the Conversion Shares or the Warrant Shares (as applicable) has been declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act), together with a copy of such registration statement, or (ii) sales of the Conversion Shares, the Note Conversion Common Shares, or the Warrant Shares (as applicable) may be made without registration in accordance with Rule 144 under the 1933 Act without compliance with Rule 144(e) or Rule 144(f), or (B) either (x) the Warrant is being exercised pursuant to a Cashless Exercise, as specified in the Exercise Notice, or (y) the date of the conversion, as applicable, is six (6) months or more after the date of this letter, you shall, at the direction of the Holder of the applicable Preferred Shares or Note Conversion Shares being converted in accordance with the Conversion Notice or the Holder of the applicable Warrant being exercised in accordance with the Exercise Notice, issue such Conversion Shares, Note Conversion Common Shares or Warrant Shares, as applicable, in the manner specified in such Conversion Notice or Exercise Notice, as applicable, without bearing or otherwise being subject to any legend restricting transfer thereof; provided, however, that if you do not receive a Certification with respect to such Conversion Shares, Note Conversion Common Shares or Warrant Shares or such Conversion Shares, Note Conversion Common Shares or Warrant Shares are not registered for resale under the 1933 Act, then such Conversion Shares, Note Conversion Common Shares or Warrant Shares, as the case may be, shall bear the following legend:

[NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE [EXERCISABLE] HAVE BEEN][THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN] REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY), IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

If you resign or otherwise cease to act (Resignation) as the transfer agent of the Company during the term of the transfer agency and service agreement currently in effect between you and the Company, the Company shall provide notice of such Resignation to the Holders at least ten (10) business days prior to the effective date of such Resignation and the Company shall within five (5) business days of such notice to the Holders obtain a suitable replacement transfer agent that will agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of these irrevocable transfer agent instructions.

The Company issues this instruction in accordance with, and this instruction and your performance hereunder are subject to, the terms of the transfer agency and service agreement currently in effect between you and the Company.

The Board of Directors of the Company has approved the foregoing (irrevocable instructions) and does 

hereby extend the Company's irrevocable agreement to indemnify your firm for all loss, liability, or expense in 

carrying out the authority and direction herein contained on the terms herein set forth.

45

Please be advised that the Buyers are relying upon this letter as an inducement to enter into the Securities Purchase Agreement.

Please execute this letter in the space indicated to acknowledge your agreement to act in accordance with these instructions. Should you have any questions concerning this matter, please contact me at [____].

Very truly yours,

LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

THE FOREGOING IN STRUCTIONS ARE ACKNOWLEDGED AND

AGREED TO this ___ day of February, 2025

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

46

Exhibit E 

Form of Company Opinion

(see attached)

47
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>lpth_ex103.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
lpth_ex103.htm

EXHIBIT 10.3

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This Registration Rights Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of February [], 2025, by and between LightPath Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each of the several purchasers signatory hereto (each such purchaser, a Purchaser and, collectively, the Purchasers).

This Agreement is made pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 13, 2025, between the Company and each Purchaser (the Purchase Agreement), pursuant to which the Company has agreed, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Purchase Agreement, to issue and sell to the Purchasers at the Closing (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), among other things: (i) an aggregate of 24,955.903272 shares (the Preferred Shares) of a newly created series of preferred stock, with a stated value of $1,000 per share (the Preferred Stock), designated Series G Convertible Preferred Stock, which shall initially be convertible into 11,607,397 shares of the Companys Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Class ACommon Stock; the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares referred to as the Conversion Shares), in accordance with the terms of the Companys Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of the Series G Convertible Preferred Stock (as the same may be amended, restated, modified or supplemented and in effect from time to time, the Certificate of Designations), and (ii) Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 4,352,774 shares of Class A Common Stock (the Warrants; the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants being referred to as the Warrant Shares).

The Company has also entered into a separate Securities Purchase Agreement with one of the Purchasers (the LKF Purchase Agreement), pursuant to which the Company has agreed, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the LKF Purchase Agreement, to issue and sell to such Purchaser, Lytton-Kambara Foundation (LKF), at the Closing (as defined in the LKF Purchase Agreement) (i) an aggregate of 687,750 shares of Class A Common Stock (the LKF Common Shares), and (ii) Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 170,697 shares of Class A Common Stock (the LKF Warrants; the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the LKF Warrants being referred to as the LKF Warrant Shares).

The Company and each Purchaser hereby agree as follows:

1. Definitions.

Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Purchase Agreement shall have the meanings given such terms in the Purchase Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Advice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c).

Effectiveness Date means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required to be filed hereunder, the 90th calendar day following the date hereof (or, in the event of a full review by the Commission, the 105th calendar day following the date hereof) and with respect to any additional Registration Statements which may be required pursuant to Section 2(c) or Section 3(c), the 75th calendar day following the date on which an additional Registration Statement is required to be filed hereunder (or, in the event of a full review by the Commission, the 90th calendar day following the date such additional Registration Statement is required to be filed hereunder); provided, however, that in the event the Company is notified by the Commission that one or more of the above Registration Statements will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and comments, the Effectiveness Date as to such Registration Statement shall be the fifth Trading Day following the date on which the Company is so notified if such date precedes the dates otherwise required above, provided, further, if such Effectiveness Date falls on a day that is not a Trading Day, then the Effectiveness Date shall be the next succeeding Trading Day.

Effectiveness Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d).

Event Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d).

Filing Date means (i) with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required hereunder, the 75th calendar day following the date hereof, (ii) with respect to any additional Registration Statements which may be required pursuant to Section 2(c), the earliest practical date on which the Company is permitted by SEC Guidance to file such additional Registration Statement related to the Registrable Securities, and (iii) with respect to any additional Registration Statements which may be required pursuant to Section 3(c), not later than 30 calendar days after the necessity therefor arises, or (if later) the first date on which the Company is then permitted to file such Registration Statement by the SEC.

Holder or Holders means the holder or holders, as the case may be, from time to time of Registrable Securities.

Indemnified Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

Indemnifying Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

Initial Registration Statement means the initial Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement.

LKF Holder or LKF Holders means the holder or holders, as the case may be, from time to time of Registrable Securities constituting LKF Common Shares or LKF Warrant Shares.

Losses shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

Plan of Distribution shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Prospectus means the prospectus included in a Registration Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus.

Registrable Securities means, as of any date of determination, (a) all Conversion Shares then issued and issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares (assuming on such date the Preferred Shares are converted in full without regard to any exercise limitations therein), (b) all Warrant Shares then issued and issuable upon exercise of the Warrants (assuming on such date the Warrants are exercised in full without regard to any exercise limitations therein), (c) all LKF Common Shares, (d) all LKF Warrant Shares then issued and issuable upon exercise of the LKF Warrants (assuming on such date the LKF Warrants are exercised in full without regard to any exercise limitations therein), and (e) any securities issued or then issuable upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution, recapitalization or similar event with respect to the foregoing; provided,however, that any such Registrable Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities (and the Company shall not be required to maintain the effectiveness of any, or file another, Registration Statement hereunder with respect thereto) for so long as (a) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such Registrable Securities is declared effective by the Commission under the Securities Act and such Registrable Securities have been disposed of by the Holders in accordance with such effective Registration Statement, (b) such Registrable Securities have been previously sold in accordance with Rule 144, or (c) such securities become eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and without current public information pursuant to Rule 144 as set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed, delivered and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and reasonably acceptable to the affected Holders.

2

Registration Statement means any registration statement required to be filed hereunder pursuant to Section 2(a) and any additional registration statements contemplated by Section 2(c) or Section 3(c), including (in each case) the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to any such registration statement or Prospectus, including pre- and post-effective amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in any such registration statement.

Rule 415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Selling Stockholder Questionnaire shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a).

SEC Guidance means (i) any publicly-available written or oral guidance of the Commission staff, or any comments, requirements or requests of the Commission staff and (ii) the Securities Act.

2. Shelf Registration.

(a) On or prior to each Filing Date, the Company shall prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement covering the resale of all of the Registrable Securities that are not then registered on an effective Registration Statement for an offering to be made on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415. Each Registration Statement filed hereunder shall be on Form S-3 (except if the Company is not then eligible to register for resale the Registrable Securities on Form S-3, in which case such registration shall be on another appropriate form in accordance herewith, subject to the provisions of Section 2(d)) and shall contain (unless otherwise directed by at least 85% in interest of the Holders) substantially the Plan of Distribution attached hereto as Annex A and substantially the Selling Stockholder section attached hereto as Annex B; provided, however, that no Holder shall be required to be named as an underwriter without such Holders express prior written consent. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause a Registration Statement filed under this Agreement (including, without limitation, under Section 3(c)) to be declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as possible after the filing thereof, but in any event no later than the applicable Effectiveness Date, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to keep such Registration Statement continuously effective under the Securities Act until the date that all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement (i) have been sold, thereunder or pursuant to Rule 144, or (ii) may be sold without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 and without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144, as determined by the counsel to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and reasonably acceptable to the affected Holders (the Effectiveness Period). The Company shall telephonically request effectiveness of a Registration Statement as of 5:00 p.m. (Boston time) on a Trading Day. The Company shall promptly notify the Holders by e-mail of the effectiveness of a Registration Statement on the same Trading Day that the Company telephonically confirms effectiveness with the Commission, which shall be the date of effectiveness of such Registration Statement. The Company shall, by 9:30 a.m. (Boston time) on the Trading Day after the effective date of such Registration Statement, file a final Prospectus with the Commission as required by Rule 424. Failure to so notify the Holder within one (1) Trading Day of such notification of effectiveness or failure to file a final Prospectus as foresaid shall be deemed an Event under Section 2(d).

3

(b) Notwithstanding the registration obligations set forth in Section 2(a), if the Commission informs the Company that all of the Registrable Securities cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single registration statement, the Company agrees to promptly inform each of the Holders thereof and use its commercially reasonable efforts to file amendments to the Initial Registration Statement as required by the Commission, covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered by the Commission, on Form S-3 or such other form available to register for resale the Registrable Securities as a secondary offering, subject to the provisions of Section 2(d); with respect to filing on Form S-3 or other appropriate form, and subject to the provisions of Section 2(d) with respect to the payment of liquidated damages; provided, however, that prior to filing such amendment, the Company shall be obligated to use diligent efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the SEC Guidance, including without limitation, Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation 612.09.

(c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, and subject to the payment of liquidated damages pursuant to Section 2(d), if the Commission or any SEC Guidance sets forth a limitation on the number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered on a particular Registration Statement as a secondary offering (and notwithstanding that the Company used diligent efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all or a greater portion of Registrable Securities), unless otherwise directed in writing by a Holder as to its Registrable Securities, the number of Registrable Securities to be registered on such Registration Statement will be reduced as follows:

a. 

First, the Company shall reduce or eliminate any securities to be included other than Registrable Securities;

b. 

Second, the Company shall reduce Registrable Securities represented by LKF Warrant Shares;

c. 

Third, the Company shall reduce Registrable Securities represented by LKF Common Shares;

d. 

Fourth, the Company shall reduce Registrable Securities represented by Warrant Shares (applied, in the case that some Warrant Shares may be registered, to the Holders on a pro rata basis based on the total number of unregistered Warrant Shares held by such Holders); and

e. 

Third, the Company shall reduce Registrable Securities represented by Conversion Shares (applied, in the case that some Conversion Shares may be registered, to the Holders on a pro rata basis based on the total number of unregistered Conversion Shares held by such Holders).

In the event of a cutback hereunder, the Company shall give the Holder at least five (5) Trading Days prior written notice along with the calculations as to such Holders allotment. In the event the Company amends the Initial Registration Statement in accordance with the foregoing, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to file with the Commission, as promptly as allowed by the Commission or SEC Guidance provided to the Company or to registrants of securities in general, one or more registration statements on Form S-3 or such other form available to register for resale those Registrable Securities that were not registered for resale on the Initial Registration Statement, as amended.

4

(d) If: (i) the Initial Registration Statement is not filed on or prior to its Filing Date (if the Company files the Initial Registration Statement without affording the Holders the opportunity to review and comment on the same as required by Section 3(a) herein, the Company shall be deemed to have not satisfied this clause (i)), or (ii) the Company fails to file with the Commission a request for acceleration of a Registration Statement in accordance with Rule 461 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, within five (5) Trading Days of the date that the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the Commission that such Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review, or (iii) prior to the effective date of a Registration Statement, the Company fails to file a pre-effective amendment and otherwise respond in writing to comments made by the Commission in respect of such Registration Statement within ten (10) calendar days after the receipt of comments by or notice from the Commission that such amendment is required in order for such Registration Statement to be declared effective, or (iv) a Registration Statement registering for resale all of the Registrable Securities is not declared effective by the Commission by the Effectiveness Date of the Initial Registration Statement, or (v) after the effective date of a Registration Statement, such Registration Statement ceases for any reason to remain continuously effective as to all Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, or the Holders are otherwise not permitted to utilize the Prospectus therein to resell such Registrable Securities, for more than ten (10) consecutive calendar days or more than an aggregate of fifteen (15) calendar days (which need not be consecutive calendar days) during any 12-month period (any such failure or breach being referred to as an Event, and for purposes of clauses (i) and (iv), the date on which such Event occurs, and for purpose of clause (ii) the date on which such five (5) Trading Day period is exceeded, and for purpose of clause (iii) the date which such ten (10) calendar day period is exceeded, and for purpose of clause (v) the date on which such ten (10) or fifteen (15) calendar day period, as applicable, is exceeded being referred to as Event Date), then, in addition to any other rights the Holders may have hereunder or under applicable law, on each such Event Date and on each monthly anniversary of each such Event Date (if the applicable Event shall not have been cured by such date) until the applicable Event is cured, the Company shall pay to each Holder an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product of 1.0% multiplied by the aggregate Subscription Amount paid by such Holder pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. The parties agree that the maximum aggregate liquidated damages payable to a Holder under this Agreement shall be 12.0% of the aggregate Subscription Amount paid by such Holder pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. If the Company fails to pay any partial liquidated damages pursuant to this Section in full within seven days after the date payable, the Company will pay interest thereon at a rate of 12% per annum (or such lesser maximum amount that is permitted to be paid by applicable law) to the Holder, accruing daily from the date such partial liquidated damages are due until such amounts, plus all such interest thereon, are paid in full. The partial liquidated damages pursuant to the terms hereof shall apply on a daily pro rata basis for any portion of a month prior to the cure of an Event. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the foregoing shall not apply and the LKF Holder(s) shall not have any rights under this Section 2(d), including the right to liquidated damages, with respect to Registrable Securities constituting LKF Common Shares or LKF Warrant Shares.

(e) If Form S-3 is not available for the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities hereunder, the Company shall (i) register the resale of the Registrable Securities on another appropriate form and (ii) undertake to register the Registrable Securities on Form S-3 as soon as such form is available, provided that the Company shall maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement then in effect until such time as a Registration Statement on Form S-3 covering the Registrable Securities has been declared effective by the Commission.

(f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event shall the Company be permitted to name any Holder or affiliate of a Holder as any underwriter without the prior written consent of such Holder.

5

3. Registration Procedures.

In connection with the Companys registration obligations hereunder, the Company shall:

(a) Not less than five (5) Trading Days prior to the filing of each Registration Statement and not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to the filing of any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto (including any document that would be incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference), the Company shall (i) furnish to each Holder copies of all such documents proposed to be filed, which documents (other than those incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference) will be subject to the review of such Holders, and (ii) cause its officers and directors, counsel and independent registered public accountants to respond to such inquiries as shall be necessary, in the reasonable opinion of respective counsel to each Holder, to conduct a reasonable investigation within the meaning of the Securities Act. The Company shall not file a Registration Statement or any such Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto to which the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities shall reasonably object in good faith, provided that, the Company is notified of such objection in writing no later than five (5) Trading Days after the Holders have been so furnished copies of a Registration Statement or one (1) Trading Day after the Holders have been so furnished copies of any related Prospectus or amendments or supplements thereto. Each Holder agrees to furnish to the Company a completed questionnaire in the form attached to this Agreement as Annex C (a Selling Stockholder Questionnaire) on a date that is the earlier of two (2) Trading Days prior to the Filing Date or by the end of the fourth (4th) Trading Day following the date on which such Holder receives draft materials in accordance with this Section. If requested by the Company, each selling Holder shall furnish to the Company a certified statement as to the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and the natural persons that have voting and dispositive control over the shares. It shall be a condition precedent to the obligations of the Company to complete the registration pursuant to this Agreement with respect to the Registrable Securities of a particular Holder that such Holder shall furnish to the Company a completed Selling Stockholder Questionnaire and such information regarding itself and the Registrable Securities held by it as shall be reasonably required to effect and maintain the effectiveness of the registration of such Registrable Securities.

(b) (i) Prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, to a Registration Statement and the Prospectus used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep a Registration Statement continuously effective as to the applicable Registrable Securities for the Effectiveness Period and prepare and file with the Commission such additional Registration Statements in order to register for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities as required hereunder, (ii) cause the related Prospectus to be amended or supplemented by any required Prospectus supplement (subject to the terms of this Agreement), and, as so supplemented or amended, to be filed pursuant to Rule 424, (iii) respond as promptly as reasonably possible to any comments received from the Commission with respect to a Registration Statement or any amendment thereto and provide as promptly as reasonably possible to the Holders true and complete copies of all correspondence from and to the Commission relating to a Registration Statement (provided that, the Company shall excise any information contained therein which would constitute material non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), and (iv) comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement during the applicable period in accordance (subject to the terms of this Agreement) with the intended methods of disposition by the Holders thereof set forth in such Registration Statement as so amended or in such Prospectus as so supplemented.

(c) If during the Effectiveness Period, the number of Registrable Securities at any time exceeds 100% of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock then registered in a Registration Statement, then the Company shall file as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any case by the applicable Filing Date, an additional Registration Statement covering the resale by the Holders of not less than the number of such Registrable Securities.

6

(d) Notify the Holders of Registrable Securities to be sold (which notice shall, pursuant to clauses (iii) through (vi) hereof, be accompanied by an instruction to suspend the use of the Prospectus until the requisite changes have been made) as promptly as reasonably possible (and, in the case of (i)(A) below, not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to such filing) and (if requested by any such Person) confirm such notice in writing no later than one (1) Trading Day following the day (i)(A) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement is proposed to be filed, (B) when the Commission notifies the Company whether there will be a review of such Registration Statement and whenever the Commission comments in writing on such Registration Statement, and (C) with respect to a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective, (ii) of any request by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional information, (iii) of the issuance by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement covering any or all of the Registrable Securities or the initiation of any Proceedings for that purpose, (iv) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of any Proceeding for such purpose, (v) of the occurrence of any event or passage of time that makes the financial statements included in a Registration Statement ineligible for inclusion therein or any statement made in a Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires any revisions to a Registration Statement, Prospectus or other documents so that, in the case of a Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and (vi) of the occurrence or existence of any pending corporate development with respect to the Company that the Company believes may be material and that, in the determination of the Company, makes it not in the best interest of the Company to allow continued availability of a Registration Statement or Prospectus; provided, however, that in no event shall any such notice contain any information which would constitute material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. For the avoidance of doubt, the Companys providing to any Board Designee (due to such Board Designees service on the Company Board) information that may constitute material, non-public information relating to the Company shall not be deemed to be a breach of this Section 3(d).

(e) Use its reasonable best efforts to avoid the issuance of, or, if issued, obtain the withdrawal of (i) any order stopping or suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement, or (ii) any suspension of the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, at the earliest practicable moment.

(f) Furnish to each Holder, without charge, at least one conformed copy of each such Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference to the extent requested by such Person, and all exhibits to the extent requested by such Person (including those previously furnished or incorporated by reference) promptly after the filing of such documents with the Commission; provided, that any such item which is available on the EDGAR system (or successor thereto) need not be furnished in physical form.

(g) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company hereby consents to the use of such Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto by each of the selling Holders in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by such Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto, except after the giving of any notice pursuant to Section 3(d).

7

(h) Prior to any resale of Registrable Securities by a Holder, use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify or cooperate with the selling Holders in connection with the registration or qualification (or exemption from the registration or qualification) of such Registrable Securities for the resale by the Holder under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions within the United States as any Holder reasonably requests in writing, to keep each registration or qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective during the Effectiveness Period and to do any and all other acts or things reasonably necessary to enable the disposition in such jurisdictions of the Registrable Securities covered by each Registration Statement, provided that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified, subject the Company to any material tax in any such jurisdiction where it is not then so subject or file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction.

(i) If requested by a Holder, cooperate with such Holder to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing Registrable Securities to be delivered to a transferee pursuant to a Registration Statement, which certificates shall be free, to the extent permitted by the Purchase Agreement, of all restrictive legends, and to enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations and registered in such names as any such Holder may request.

(j) Upon the occurrence of any event contemplated by Section 3(d), as promptly as reasonably possible under the circumstances taking into account the Companys good faith assessment of any adverse consequences to the Company and its stockholders of the premature disclosure of such event, prepare a supplement or amendment, including a post-effective amendment, to a Registration Statement or a supplement to the related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, and file any other required document so that, as thereafter delivered, neither a Registration Statement nor such Prospectus will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Company notifies the Holders in accordance with clauses (iii) through (vi) of Section 3(d) above to suspend the use of any Prospectus until the requisite changes to such Prospectus have been made, then the Holders shall suspend use of such Prospectus. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable. The Company shall be entitled to exercise its right under this Section 3(j) to suspend the availability of a Registration Statement and Prospectus, subject to the payment of partial liquidated damages otherwise required pursuant to Section 2(d), for a period not to exceed 60 calendar days (which need not be consecutive days) in any 12-month period.

(k) Otherwise use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, Rule 172 under the Securities Act, file any final Prospectus, including any supplement or amendment thereof, with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act, promptly inform the Holders in writing if, at any time during the Effectiveness Period, the Company does not satisfy the conditions specified in Rule 172 and, as a result thereof, the Holders are required to deliver a Prospectus in connection with any disposition of Registrable Securities and take such other actions as may be reasonably necessary to facilitate the registration of the Registrable Securities hereunder.

(l) The Company may require each selling Holder to furnish to the Company a certified statement as to the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and, if required by the Commission, the natural persons thereof that have voting and dispositive control over the shares. During any periods that the Company is unable to meet its obligations hereunder with respect to the registration of the Registrable Securities solely because any Holder fails to furnish such information within three Trading Days of the Companys request or the Selling Stockholder Questionnaire, any liquidated damages that are accruing at such time as to such Holder only shall be tolled and any Event that may otherwise occur solely because of such delay shall be suspended as to such Holder only, until such information is delivered to the Company.

8

(m) The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to maintain eligibility for use of Form S-3 (or any successor form thereto) for the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities.

(n) In connection with an underwritten offering, the Company shall enter into such customary agreements (including underwriting and lock-up agreements in customary form) and take all such other customary actions as the holders of such Registrable Securities or the managing underwriter of such offering reasonably request in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of such Registrable Securities (including, without limitation, making appropriate officers of the Company available to participate in road show and other customary marketing activities (including one-on-one meetings with prospective purchasers of the Registrable Securities).

4. Registration Expenses. All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with, this Agreement by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Companys counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the Commission, (B) with respect to filings required to be made with any Trading Market on which the Class A Common Stock is then listed for trading, and (C) in compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the Registrable Securities), (ii) printing expenses (including, without limitation, expenses of printing certificates for Registrable Securities), (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) Securities Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, and (vi) fees and expenses of all other Persons retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any Holder or, except to the extent expressly provided for in the Transaction Documents, any legal fees or other costs of the Holder.

5. Indemnification.

(a) Indemnification by the Company. The Company shall, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, indemnify and hold harmless each Holder, the officers, directors, members, partners, agents, brokers (including brokers who offer and sell Registrable Securities as principal as a result of a pledge or any failure to perform under a margin call of Common Stock), investment advisors and employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each Person who controls any such Holder (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such controlling Person, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively, Losses), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any Prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Holder furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein, or to the extent that such information relates to such Holder or such Holders proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement, such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto (it being understood that the Holder has approved Annex A hereto for this purpose), or (ii) in the case of an occurrence of an event of the type specified in Section 3(d)(iii)-(vi), the use by such Holder of an outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable Prospectus after the Company has notified such Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable for use by such Holder and prior to the receipt by such Holder of the Advice contemplated in Section 6(c). The Company shall notify the Holders promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any Proceeding arising from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement of which the Company is aware. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such indemnified person and shall survive the transfer of any Registrable Securities by any of the Holders in accordance with Section 6(g).

9

(b) Indemnification by Holders. Each Holder shall, severally and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, officers, agents and employees, each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, agents or employees of such controlling Persons, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against all Losses, as incurred, to the extent arising out of or based solely upon: any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading (i) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any information so furnished in writing by such Holder to the Company expressly for inclusion in such Registration Statement or such Prospectus or (ii) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such information relates to such Holders information provided in the Selling Stockholder Questionnaire or the proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement (it being understood that the Holder has approved Annex A hereto for this purpose), such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto. In no event shall the liability of a selling Holder be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such Holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section 5 and the amount of any damages such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue statement or omission) received by such Holder upon the sale of the Registrable Securities included in the Registration Statement giving rise to such indemnification obligation.

(c) Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings. If any Proceeding shall be brought or asserted against any Person entitled to indemnity hereunder (an Indemnified Party), such Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Person from whom indemnity is sought (the Indemnifying Party) in writing, and the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume the defense thereof, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and the payment of all fees and expenses incurred in connection with defense thereof, provided that the failure of any Indemnified Party to give such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations or liabilities pursuant to this Agreement, except (and only) to the extent that it shall be finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) that such failure shall have materially and adversely prejudiced the Indemnifying Party.

10

An Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such Proceeding and to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party or Parties unless: (1) the Indemnifying Party has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses, (2) the Indemnifying Party shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such Proceeding and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party in any such Proceeding, or (3) the named parties to any such Proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, and counsel to the Indemnified Party shall reasonably believe that a material conflict of interest is likely to exist if the same counsel were to represent such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party (in which case, if such Indemnified Party notifies the Indemnifying Party in writing that it elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to assume the defense thereof and the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one separate counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnifying Party). The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement of any such Proceeding effected without its written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, effect any settlement of any pending Proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Party is a party, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such Proceeding.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, all reasonable fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party (including reasonable fees and expenses to the extent incurred in connection with investigating or preparing to defend such Proceeding in a manner not inconsistent with this Section) shall be paid to the Indemnified Party, as incurred, within twenty (20) Trading Days of written notice thereof to the Indemnifying Party, provided that the Indemnified Party shall promptly reimburse the Indemnifying Party for that portion of such fees and expenses applicable to such actions for which such Indemnified Party is finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) not to be entitled to indemnification hereunder.

(d) Contribution. If the indemnification under Section 5(a) or 5(b) is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless for any Losses, then each Indemnifying Party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of such Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by, such Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any Proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in this Section was available to such party in accordance with its terms.

The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 5(d) were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph. In no event shall the contribution obligation of a Holder of Registrable Securities be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such Holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section 5 and the amount of any damages such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission) received by it upon the sale of the Registrable Securities giving rise to such contribution obligation.

11

The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Section are in addition to any liability that the Indemnifying Parties may have to the Indemnified Parties.

6. Miscellaneous.

(a) Remedies. In the event of a breach by the Company or by a Holder of any of their respective obligations under this Agreement, each Holder or the Company, as the case may be, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law and under this Agreement, including recovery of damages, shall be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement. Each of the Company and each Holder agrees that monetary damages would not provide adequate compensation for any losses incurred by reason of a breach by it of any of the provisions of this Agreement and hereby further agrees that, in the event of any action for specific performance in respect of such breach, it shall not assert or shall waive the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(b) No Piggyback on Registrations; Prohibition on Filing Other Registration Statements. Neither the Company nor any of its security holders (other than the Holders in such capacity pursuant hereto) may include securities of the Company in any Registration Statements other than the Registrable Securities. The Company shall not file any other registration statements until all Registrable Securities are registered pursuant to a Registration Statement that is declared effective by the Commission, provided that this Section 6(b) shall not prohibit the Company from filing amendments to registration statements filed prior to the date of this Agreement so long as no new securities are registered on any such existing registration statements.

(c) Discontinued Disposition. By its acquisition of Registrable Securities, each Holder agrees that, upon receipt of a notice from the Company of the occurrence of any event of the kind described in Section 3(d)(iii) through (vi), such Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of such Registrable Securities under a Registration Statement until it is advised in writing (the Advice) by the Company that the use of the applicable Prospectus (as it may have been supplemented or amended) may be resumed. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable. The Company agrees and acknowledges that any periods during which the Holder is required to discontinue the disposition of the Registrable Securities hereunder shall be subject to the provisions of Section 2(d).

(d) Amendments and Waivers. The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified or supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Company and the Holders of 50.1% or more of the then outstanding Registrable Securities (for purposes of clarification, this includes any Registrable Securities issuable upon exercise or conversion of any Security), provided that, if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Holder (or group of Holders), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Holder (or group of Holders) shall be required. If a Registration Statement does not register all of the Registrable Securities pursuant to a waiver or amendment done in compliance with the previous sentence, then the number of Registrable Securities to be registered for each Holder shall be reduced pro rata among all Holders and each Holder shall have the right to designate which of its Registrable Securities shall be omitted from such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions hereof with respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of a Holder or some Holders and that does not directly or indirectly affect the rights of other Holders may be given only by such Holder or Holders of all of the Registrable Securities to which such waiver or consent relates; provided, however, that the provisions of this sentence may not be amended, modified, or supplemented except in accordance with the provisions of the first sentence of this Section 6(d). No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration also is offered to all of the parties to this Agreement.

12

(e) Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be delivered as set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

(f) Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of each of the parties and shall inure to the benefit of each Holder. The Company may not assign (except by merger) its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of all of the Holders of the then outstanding Registrable Securities. Each Holder may assign their respective rights hereunder in the manner and to the Persons as permitted under Section 9.g of the Purchase Agreement.

(g) No Inconsistent Agreements. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered, as of the date hereof, nor shall the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on or after the date of this Agreement, enter into any agreement with respect to its securities, that would have the effect of impairing the rights granted to the Holders in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has previously entered into any agreement granting any registration rights with respect to any of its securities to any Person that have not been satisfied in full.

(h) Execution and Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

(i) Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

(j) Cumulative Remedies. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law.

(k) Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

(l) Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of the Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

(m) Independent Nature of Holders Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Holder hereunder are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Holder hereunder, and no Holder shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other Holder hereunder. Nothing contained herein or in any other agreement or document delivered at any closing, and no action taken by any Holder pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Holders as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of group or entity, or create a presumption that the Holders are in any way acting in concert or as a group or entity with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other matters, and the Company acknowledges that the Holders are not acting in concert or as a group, and the Company shall not assert any such claim, with respect to such obligations or transactions. Each Holder shall be entitled to protect and enforce its rights, including without limitation the rights arising out of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other Holder to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The use of a single agreement with respect to the obligations of the Company contained was solely in the control of the Company, not the action or decision of any Holder, and was done solely for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any Holder. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement is between the Company and a Holder, solely, and not between the Company and the Holders collectively and not between and among Holders.

********************

(Signature Pages Follow)

13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title: 

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS]

14

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO LPTH RRA]

Name of Holder: __________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder: __________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: _________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: __________________________

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]

15

Annex A

Plan of Distribution

Each Selling Stockholder [the Selling Stockholders]of the securities and any of their pledgees, assignees and successors-in-interest may, from time to time, sell any or all of their securities covered hereby on The Nasdaq Capital Market or any other stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the securities are traded or in private transactions. These sales may be at fixed or negotiated prices. A Selling Stockholder may use any one or more of the following methods when selling securities:

ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the brokerdealer solicits purchasers;

block trades in which the brokerdealer will attempt to sell the securities as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction;

purchases by a brokerdealer as principal and resale by the brokerdealer for its account;

an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange;

privately negotiated transactions;

settlement of short sales;

in transactions through brokerdealers that agree with the Selling Stockholders to sell a specified number of such securities at a stipulated price per security;

through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise;

a combination of any such methods of sale; or

any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law.

The Selling Stockholders may also sell securities under Rule 144 or any other exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), if available, rather than under this prospectus.

Brokerdealers engaged by the Selling Stockholders may arrange for other brokersdealers to participate in sales. Brokerdealers may receive commissions or discounts from the Selling Stockholders (or, if any brokerdealer acts as agent for the purchaser of securities, from the purchaser) in amounts to be negotiated, but, except as set forth in a supplement to this Prospectus, in the case of an agency transaction not in excess of a customary brokerage commission in compliance with FINRA Rule 2121; and in the case of a principal transaction a markup or markdown in compliance with FINRA Rule 2121.

In connection with the sale of the securities or interests therein, the Selling Stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the securities in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The Selling Stockholders may also sell securities short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan or pledge the securities to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The Selling Stockholders may also enter into option or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or create one or more derivative securities which require the delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of securities offered by this prospectus, which securities such broker-dealer or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction).

16

The Selling Stockholders and any broker-dealers or agents that are involved in selling the securities may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers or agents and any profit on the resale of the securities purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities Act. Each Selling Stockholder has informed the Company that it does not have any written or oral agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the securities.

We are required to pay certain fees and expenses incurred by us incident to the registration of the securities. We have agreed to indemnify the Selling Stockholders against certain losses, claims, damages and liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.

We agreed to keep this prospectus effective until the earlier of (i) the date on which the securities may be resold by the Selling Stockholders without registration and without regard to any volume or manner-of-sale limitations by reason of Rule 144, without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information under Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect or (ii) all of the securities have been sold pursuant to this prospectus or Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect. The resale securities will be sold only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers if required under applicable state securities laws. In addition, in certain states, the resale securities covered hereby may not be sold unless they have been registered or qualified for sale in the applicable state or an exemption from the registration or qualification requirement is available and is complied with.

Under applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, any person engaged in the distribution of the resale securities may not simultaneously engage in market making activities with respect to the common stock for the applicable restricted period, as defined in Regulation M, prior to the commencement of the distribution. In addition, the Selling Stockholders will be subject to applicable provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, including Regulation M, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of the common stock by the Selling Stockholders or any other person. We will make copies of this prospectus available to the Selling Stockholders and have informed them of the need to deliver a copy of this prospectus to each purchaser at or prior to the time of the sale (including by compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

17

Annex B

SELLING STOCKHOLDERS

Subject to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Selling Stockholders may from time to time offer and sell any or all of the shares of our Class A Common Stock set forth below pursuant to this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement. The Selling Stockholders will pay any underwriting discounts and commissions and expenses incurred by the Selling Stockholders for brokerage, accounting, tax or legal services or any other expenses incurred by such Selling Stockholders in disposing of the securities. We will bear the costs, fees and expenses incurred in effecting the registration of the securities covered by this prospectus, including all registration and filing fees, listing fees and fees and expenses of our counsel and our independent registered public accounting firm.

The following table sets forth, as of [], 2025, the names of the Selling Stockholders, the aggregate number of shares of our Class A Common Stock beneficially owned by each Selling Stockholder, the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock that may be sold by each Selling Stockholder under this prospectus and the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock that each Selling Stockholder will beneficially own after this offering. For purposes of the table below, we have assumed that after this offering, none of the shares of Class A Common Stock covered by this prospectus will be beneficially owned by the Selling Stockholders. In addition, we assume that none of the Selling Stockholders has sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of, our securities in transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Unless otherwise indicated below, to our knowledge, the entity named in the table has sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all securities that it beneficially owns.

The Selling Stockholders may sell or otherwise transfer all, some or none of such shares in this offering. See Plan of Distribution.

Number of Shares 

Beneficially Owned 

Before Sale of All

Shares of Class A Common

Stock Offered Hereby 

Number of 

Shares of 

Class A Common

Stock to be

Sold in the

Offering 

Number of Shares Beneficially 

Owned After Sale of All 

Shares of Class A Common Stock

Offered Hereby 

Number 

%(1) 

Number(2) 

Number 

% 

[] 

[] 

[] 

[] 

(1) 

The percentage of beneficial ownership before this offering is calculated based on [] shares of our Class A Common Stock outstanding as of [], 2025.

(2) 

Shares beneficially owned consists of (i) [] Preferred Shares exercisable within 60 days of [], 2025, and (ii) [] Warrant Shares exercisable within 60 days of [], 2025.

(3) 

[[] and [], members of our board of directors, are [principals and sole members] of [], as well as of [], which as of [], 2025 owned [] shares of our Class A Common Stock.]

Information for any additional Selling Stockholder, if any, will be set forth by prospectus supplement to the extent required prior to the time of any offer or sale of such Selling Stockholders shares pursuant to this prospectus. To the extent permitted by law, a prospectus supplement may add, update, substitute or change the information contained in this prospectus, including the identity of each Selling Stockholder and the number of shares of Class A Common Stock registered on its behalf. A Selling Stockholder may sell or otherwise transfer all, some or none of such shares of Class A Common Stock in this offering. See Plan of Distribution.

Participation of Directors and Officers

[] currently serves as a member of our Board of Directors. [] was appointed to our Board of Directors at the request of North Run pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement. [] is the [] of North Run, and as such [] may be deemed to beneficially own shares held by North Run.

18

Annex C

LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES, Inc.

Selling Stockholder Notice and Questionnaire

The undersigned beneficial owner of Class A Common Stock (the Registrable Securities) of LightPath Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), understands that the Company has filed or intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration statement (the Registration Statement) for the registration and resale under Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), of the Registrable Securities, in accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) to which this document is annexed. A copy of the Registration Rights Agreement is available from the Company upon request at the address set forth below. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Certain legal consequences arise from being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus. Accordingly, holders and beneficial owners of Registrable Securities are advised to consult their own securities law counsel regarding the consequences of being named or not being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus.

NOTICE

The undersigned beneficial owner (the Selling Stockholder) of Registrable Securities hereby elects to include the Registrable Securities owned by it in the Registration Statement.

19

The undersigned hereby provides the following information to the Company and represents and warrants that such information is accurate:

QUESTIONNAIRE

1. Name.

(a) 

Full Legal Name of Selling Stockholder

(b) 

Full Legal Name of Registered Holder (if not the same as (a) above) through which Registrable Securities are held:

(c) 

Full Legal Name of Natural Control Person (which means a natural person who directly or indirectly alone or with others has power to vote or dispose of the securities covered by this Questionnaire):

2. Address for Notices to Selling Stockholder:

Telephone:

Email:

Contact Person:

3. Broker-Dealer Status:

(a) 

Are you a broker-dealer?

Yes No 

(b) 

If yes to Section 3(a), did you receive your Registrable Securities as compensation for investment banking services to the Company?

Yes No 

Note: 

If no to Section 3(b), the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

(c) 

Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer?

Yes No 

20

(d) 

If you are an affiliate of a broker-dealer, do you certify that you purchased the Registrable Securities in the ordinary course of business, and at the time of the purchase of the Registrable Securities to be resold, you had no agreements or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Registrable Securities?

Yes No 

Note: 

If no to Section 3(d), the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

4. Beneficial Ownership of Securities of the Company Owned by the Selling Stockholder.

Except as set forth below in this Item 4, the undersigned is not the beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the Company other than the securities issuable pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

(a) 

Type and Amount of other securities beneficially owned by the Selling Stockholder:

21

5. Relationships with the Company:

Except as set forth below, neither the undersigned nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders (owners of 5% of more of the equity securities of the undersigned) has held any position or office or has had any other material relationship with the Company (or its predecessors or affiliates) during the past three years.

State any exceptions here:

The undersigned agrees to promptly notify the Company of any material inaccuracies or changes in the information provided herein that may occur subsequent to the date hereof at any time while the Registration Statement remains effective; provided, that the undersigned shall not be required to notify the Company of any changes to the number of securities held or owned by the undersigned or its affiliates.

By signing below, the undersigned consents to the disclosure of the information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 5 and the inclusion of such information in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. The undersigned understands that such information will be relied upon by the Company in connection with the preparation or amendment of the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused this Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either in person or by its duly authorized agent.

Date: 

Beneficial Owner: 

By: 

Name 

Title 

PLEASE EMAIL A .PDF COPY OF THE COMPLETED AND EXECUTED NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE TO:

22
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>lpth_ex104.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
lpth_ex104.htm

EXHIBIT 10.4

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated as of February 13, 2025, by and among LightPath Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Lytton-Kambara Foundation (the Buyer).

WHEREAS:

A. The Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Rule 506 of Regulation D (Regulation D) as promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act);

B. The Buyer wishes to purchase from the Company, and the Company wishes to sell to the Buyer, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, (i) 455,192 shares of the Companys Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Class A Common Stock), at a purchase price of $2.15 per share, and warrants, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Warrants) to purchase an aggregate of 170,697 shares of Class A Common Stock with an exercise price of $2.58 per share (the Warrant Shares) at a purchase price of $.046875 per .375 of a warrant (Tranche A), and (ii) 232,558 shares of Class A Common Stock at a purchase price of approximately $2.15 per share (Tranche B) (the shares of Class A Common to be purchased hereunder are referred to as the Common Shares and, together with the Warrants and Warrant Shares, the Securities); and

C. Simultaneously herewith, the Company is pursuing (i) an offering (the Preferred Offering) of a to-be-created Series G preferred stock (the Series G Preferred) that is convertible into Class A Common Stock (the Preferred Offering Conversion Shares) and warrants (the Preferred Offering Warrants) that are exercisable for Class A Common Stock (the Preferred Offering Warrant Shares), an offering (the Debt Offering) of senior secured promissory notes (the Notes) that under certain circumstances are convertible into Series G Preferred which are in turn convertible into Class A Common Stock (such Series G Preferred and Class A Common Stock, the Note Conversion Shares), and an acquisition of all of the outstanding membership interests of G5 Infrared, LLC (G5 and the acquisition thereof, the G5 Acquisition), a portion of the purchase price for which is payable by the Company in Class A Common Stock (the G5 Shares), all of which are intended to be consummated at or around the time of the closing of the transactions contemplated hereby.

NOW THEREFORE, the Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follows:

1. PURCHASE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES.

a. Purchase of Securities. Subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of the conditions set forth in Sections 6 and 7 below, on the Closing Date (as defined in Section 1.b), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer, and the Buyer agrees to purchase from the Company, the Common Shares and the Warrants (the Closing). The purchase price (the Purchase Price) of the Common Shares and the Warrants at the Closing shall be equal to $1,499,999.63 allocated as follows: $999,999.63 for Tranche A and $499,999.70 for Tranche B.

b. The Closing Date. The date and time of the Closing (the Closing Date) shall be 10:00 a.m., Boston time, on the fifth Business Day following the date of this Agreement,subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of all of the conditions to the Closing set forth in Sections 6 and 7 (or such later or earlier date as is mutually agreed to in writing by the Company and the Buyer). The Closing shall occur on the Closing Date at the offices of Blank Rome LLP, 125 High Street, Boston, MA 02110, or at such other place as the Company and the Buyer may collectively designate in writing. For purposes of this Agreement, Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in the City of Boston are authorized or required by law to remain closed.

1

c. Form of Payment. At least one Business Day prior to the Closing Date, the Buyer shall fund a portion of the Purchase Price equivalent to $499,999.70 to a designated escrow account by wire transfer of immediately available funds in accordance with written wire instructions provided to the Buyer, which Purchase Price shall be attributable to Tranche B and paid to the Company on the Closing Date by wire transfer of immediately available funds pursuant to the Companys wire instructions. The balance of the Purchase Price equivalent to $999,999.93 shall be paid by exchange on the Closing Date of an equal amount of principal and accrued and unpaid interest outstanding under that certain existing indebtedness of the Company held by the Buyer as evidenced by that certain Bridge Note in the original principal amount of $3,000,000 dated August 6, 2024, by the Company in favor of the Buyer (the Existing Note). Upon such exchange, and a like exchange for the remaining balance of the Existing Note in connection with the Preferred Offering and the Debt Offering, all of the Companys obligations under the Note shall be deemed satisfied in full, waived or terminated and the Existing Note will be deemed cancelled and of no force or effect.

d. Issuance of Stock Certificates; Return of Original Note. Within two Business Days after the Closing Date, (i) the Company shall deliver to the Buyer, a book entry statement or stock certificate (or book entry statements or stock certificates representing such numbers of Common Shares as the Buyer shall request) (the Common Stock Certificates) representing (in the aggregate) the number of Common Shares that the Buyer is purchasing on the Closing Date, along with, at the Closing, warrants representing the Warrants that the Buyer is purchasing on the Closing Date, in each case duly executed on behalf of the Company and registered in the name of the Buyer on the books and records of the Company, and (ii) the Buyer shall deliver the original Existing Note marked cancelled to the Company.

2. BUYERS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

The Buyer represents and warrants as of the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date that:

a. Investment Purpose. The Buyer (i) is acquiring the Common Shares and the Warrants purchased by the Buyer hereunder, and (ii) upon any exercise of such Warrants, will acquire the Warrant Shares then-issuable upon exercise thereof for its own account and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered under, or exempted from, the registration requirements of the 1933 Act; provided, however, that by making the representations herein, the Buyer does not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Securities at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement or an exemption under the 1933 Act.

b. Accredited Investor Status. The Buyer, and each of its equity owners, is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D.

c. Reliance on Exemptions. The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration requirements of the United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Buyers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Buyer set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions.

d. Information. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been furnished with the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (as defined herein), the SEC Documents (as defined herein) and all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities that have been requested by the Buyer. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigations conducted by the Buyer or its advisors, if any, or its representatives shall modify, amend or affect the Buyers right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in Section 3 below. The Buyer acknowledges that the Company, its employees, agents and attorneys are not making any representations or warranties to the Buyer in making the Buyers investment decision with respect to the Securities to be issued on the Closing Date other than such representations and warranties set forth in the Transaction Documents, including as set forth in Section 3 below. The Buyer can bear the economic risk of a total loss of its investment in the Securities being offered and has such knowledge and experience in business and financial matters so as to enable it to understand the risks of and investment decision with respect to its investment in the Securities. The Buyer understands that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchaser in connection with the purchase of the Securities constitutes legal, tax or investment advice.

2

e. No Governmental Review. The Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

f. Transfer or Resale. The Buyer understands that (i) the Securities have not been and are not being registered under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws, and may not be offered for sale, sold, assigned or transferred unless (A) subsequently registered thereunder, (B) the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company an opinion of counsel, in a generally acceptable form, to the effect that such Securities to be sold, assigned or transferred may be sold, assigned or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration, or (C) the Buyer provides the Company with reasonable assurance that such Securities have been or can be sold, assigned or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule thereto) (Rule 144); and (ii) neither the Company nor any other Person is under any obligation to register the Securities under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Securities may be pledged in connection with a bona fide margin account or other loan or financing arrangement secured by the Securities so long as the pledgee is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D. As used in this Agreement, Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization or a government or any department or agency thereof or any other legal entity.

g. Authorization; Enforcement; Validity. The Buyer is a validly existing limited liability company and has the requisite limited liability company power and authority to purchase the Securities pursuant to this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized (as applicable), executed and delivered on behalf of the Buyer and isa a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer, enforceable against the Buyer in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and general principles of equity. The agreements entered into and documents executed by the Buyer in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby as of the Closing will have been duly and validly authorized (as applicable), executed and delivered on behalf of the Buyer as of the Closing, and will be valid and binding agreements of the Buyer enforceable against the Buyer in accordance with their respective terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and general principles of equity.

h. General Solicitation. The Buyer represents that to the knowledge of the Buyer, no Securities were offered or sold to it by means of any form of general solicitation, and the Buyer is not, to the Buyers knowledge, purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of the Buyer, any other general solicitation or general advertisement. The Buyer has not become interested in the offering of the Securities as a result of any registration statement of the Company filed with the SEC or any other securities agency or regulator.

i. Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, the Buyer has not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with the Buyer, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that the Buyer first received knowledge of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to the Buyers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, the Buyer has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to the identification of the availability of, or securing of, available shares to borrow in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future. Short Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the 1934 Act (but shall not be deemed to include the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common Stock).

3

j. Residency. The Buyer is a resident of that jurisdiction specified on its signature page hereto.

k. Prohibited Person. The Buyer is not owned or controlled by (i) a person who appears on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons (SDN List) or any other list of persons of entities with whom dealings are restricted or prohibited by the United States or any other relevant jurisdiction; (ii) the government, including any political subdivision, agency, instrumentality of national thereof, or any country or territory against which the United States or any other relevant jurisdiction maintains economic sanctions or embargoes; (iii) a person acting or purporting to act, directly or indirectly, on behalf of, or a person owned or controlled by, any of the persons listed in clauses (i) and (ii) above; (iv) a person with whom dealings are prohibited or restricted on account of any economic sanctions laws or regulations of the United States or any other relevant jurisdiction.

3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY. The Company represents and warrants, as of the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date to the Buyer that:

a. Organization and Qualification. Set forth in Schedule 3.a is a true and correct list of the entities in which the Company, directly or indirectly, owns capital stock or holds an equity or similar interest, together with their respective jurisdictions of organization and the percentage of the outstanding capital stock or other equity interests of each such entity that is held by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries. Other than with respect to the entities listed on Schedule 3.a, the Company does not directly or indirectly own any security or beneficial ownership interest, in any other Person (including through joint venture or partnership agreements) or have any interest in any other Person. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity and is duly organized or formed and validly existing in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated or otherwise organized and has the requisite corporate, partnership, limited liability company or other organizational power and authority to own its properties, and to carry on its business as now being conducted. The Company is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its ownership of property, or the nature of the business conducted by the Company makes such qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. As used in this Agreement, Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on (i) the business, properties, assets, operations, results of operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or on the agreements and instruments to be entered into in connection herewith (including the legality, validity or enforceability thereof), or on the authority or ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents (as defined in Section 3.b) or (ii) the Buyers rights and remedies under the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.a, the Company holds all right, title and interest in and to 100% of the capital stock, equity or similar interests of each of the Subsidiaries, in each case, free and clear of any Liens (as defined below), including any restriction on the use, voting, transfer, receipt of income or other exercise of any attributes of free and clear ownership by a current holder, and no such Subsidiary owns capital stock or holds an equity or similar interest in any other Person. For purposes of this Agreement, Lien means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, lien, pledge, hypothecation, charge, security interest, encumbrance or adverse claim of any kind or any restrictive covenant, condition, restriction or exception of any kind that has the practical effect of creating a mortgage, lien, pledge, hypothecation, charge, security interest, encumbrance or adverse claim of any kind; and Subsidiary means any entity in which the Company, directly or indirectly, owns any of the outstanding capital stock, equity or similar interests or voting power of such entity at the time of this Agreement or at any time hereafter, whether directly or through any other Subsidiary; provided that for purposes of the Companys representations and warranties herein, Subsidiary shall not include G5.

b. Authorization; Enforcement; Validity. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under each of this Agreement, the Warrants and each of the other agreements to which it is a party or by which it is bound and which is entered into by the parties hereto in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby (collectively, the Transaction Documents), and to issue the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof and of the other Transaction Documents. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents by the Company, and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including the issuance of the Common Shares and the Warrants and the reservation for issuance and the issuance of the Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise thereof, as applicable, have been duly authorized by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Company Board) and no further consent or authorization is required by the Company, the Company Board or the Companys stockholders. None of the Company Board or the board of directors, board of managers or other governing body of the Subsidiaries has authorized or approved, or taken any action to authorize or approve, any transaction to pay, repay, redeem or refinance any indebtedness of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries prior to, substantially concurrent with, or following the Closing, other than the payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices, and the repayment of indebtedness reflected on the Companys most recent financial statements. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes the valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and general principles of equity. As of the Closing, the Transaction Documents dated after the date of this Agreement and on or prior to the date of the Closing shall have been duly executed and delivered by the Company and shall constitute the valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and general principles of equity.

4

a. Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (i) 100,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value, of which (A) 94,500,000 have been designated as Class A Common Stock, 40,160,768 of which are outstanding as of the date of this Agreement, (B) 5,500,000 have been designated as Class E-1, Class E-2 or Class E-3 common stock (Class E Common Stock and, collectively with Class A Common Stock, Common Stock), none of which are outstanding as of the date of this Agreement, (C) 3,645,517 shares are reserved for issuance pursuant to the Companys equity incentive and stock purchase plans, including 1,436,725 shares issuable pursuant to outstanding awards under such plans, and (D) 0 shares are issuable and reserved for issuance pursuant to securities issued or to be issued (other than the Preferred Shares, the Notes, the Warrants, the Placement Securities and the G5 Shares) and other than pursuant to the Companys stock option, restricted stock and stock purchase plans) exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, shares of Common Stock, and (ii) 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0. 01 par value, of which (A) 250 have been designated as Series A Preferred Stock, none of which are outstanding as of the date of this Agreement, (B) 300 have been designated as Series B Preferred Stock, none of which are outstanding as of the date of this Agreement, (C) 500 have been designated as Series C Preferred Stock, none of which are outstanding as of the date of this Agreement, (D) 500,000 have been designated as Series D Preferred Stock, none of which are outstanding as of the date of this Agreement, and (E) 500 have been designated as Series F Preferred Stock, none of which are outstanding as of the date of this Agreement. All of such outstanding or issuable shares have been, or upon issuance will be, validly issued and are, or upon issuance will be, fully paid and nonassessable. Except with respect to the Series G Preferred, the Preferred Offering Warrants, the Preferred Offering Conversion Shares, the Preferred Offering Warrant Shares, the Note Conversion Shares, and the G5 Shares, or otherwise disclosed in Schedule 3.c, (A) no shares of the capital stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights or any Liens suffered or permitted by the Company; (B) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, or options, warrants or scrip for rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries; (C) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of their securities under the 1933 Act; (D) there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company and no other stockholder or similar agreement to which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is a party; (E) there are no securities or instruments containing anti-dilution or similar provisions that will or may be triggered by the issuance of the Securities; and (F) the Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. If not available on the SECs Electronic Date, Gathering and Retrieval system (or successor thereto) (EDGAR), the Company has furnished to the Buyer true and correct copies of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation, as amended and as in effect on the date this representation is made (the Certificate of Incorporation), and the Companys Second Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended and as in effect on the date this representation is made (the Bylaws), and all documents and instruments containing the terms of all securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, Common Stock, and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto.

5

d. Issuance of Securities. The Common Shares are duly authorized and, upon issuance in accordance with the terms hereof, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and will be free from all Liens with respect to the issuance thereof. The Warrants are duly authorized and, upon issuance in accordance with the terms hereof, (x) will be free from all taxes and Liens with respect to the issuance thereof and (ii) the holders thereof will be entitled to the rights set forth in the Warrants. At least 174,419 shares of Class A Common Stock (subject to adjustment pursuant to the Companys covenant set forth in Section 4.f) have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance upon exercise of the Warrants. Upon exercise in accordance with the Warrants, the Warrant Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes and Liens with respect to the issue thereof, with the holders being entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Class A Common Stock. Assuming the accuracy of the Buyers representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement, the issuance by the Company of the Securities is exempt from registration under the 1933 Act and applicable state securities laws.

e. No Conflicts.

(i) The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents by the Company and, to the extent applicable, the Subsidiaries, the performance by such parties of their obligations thereunder and the consummation by such parties of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including the reservation for issuance and issuance of the Warrant Shares) will not (A) result in a violation of the Certificate of Incorporation, or the Bylaws; (B) conflict with, or constitute a breach or default (or an event which, with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, constitutes or would constitute a breach or default) under, or give to others any right of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or other remedy with respect to, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is a party; or (C) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is bound or affected, except in the case of each of (B) and (C) above, as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except for the filings and listings contemplated by Section 4 (g) hereof, the filing of current reports on Form 8-K as contemplated by Section 4.i hereof, and as set forth on Schedule 3.e, the Company is not required to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency or any regulatory or self-regulatory agency in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under, or otherwise consummate any of the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement, any of the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof. All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations that the Company is or has been required to obtain as described in the preceding sentence have been obtained or effected on or prior to the date of this Agreement or shall be obtained or effected prior to the applicable due date thereafter, as provided by applicable law, this Agreement or otherwise.

(ii) The Company is not in violation of any term of its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws and neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries is in violation of any material term of and has not been in default under (or with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both would have been in violation of or default under) any material contract, agreement, mortgage, indebtedness, indenture, instrument, judgment, decree or order or any statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, which violation or default would or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The business of the Company and the Subsidiaries has not been conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity, which violation would or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

6

f. SEC Documents; Financial Statements; Sarbanes-Oxley.

(i) Since June 30, 2023, the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Act, as amended (the 1934 Act) (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date this representation is made (including all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein) being hereinafter referred to as the SEC Documents). Each of the SEC Documents was filed with the SEC within the time frames prescribed by the SEC for the filing of such SEC Documents such that each filing was timely filed with the SEC or, pursuant to Rule 12b-25 under the 1934 Act, any untimely filing was deemed to be filed on the prescribed due date. As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents. None of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Since the filing of the SEC Documents, no event has occurred that would require an amendment or supplement to any of the SEC Documents and as to which such an amendment has not been filed and made publicly available on the SECs EDGAR system. The Company has not received any written comments from the SEC staff that have not been resolved to the satisfaction of the SEC staff.

(ii) As of their respective dates, the consolidated financial statements of the Company and the Subsidiaries included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied, during the periods involved (except (i) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto, or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may exclude footnotes) and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements for periods subsequent to June 30, 2024, to normal year-end audit adjustments). None of the Company, the Subsidiaries and their respective officers, directors and Affiliates or, to the Companys Knowledge, any stockholder of the Company has, at the direction and on behalf of the Company, made any filing with the SEC (other than the SEC Documents), issued any press release or made, distributed, paid for or approved (or engaged any other Person to make or distribute) any other public statement, report, advertisement or communication relating to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries that contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits any statement of material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they are or were made, not misleading or has provided any other information to the Buyer, including information referred to in Section 2.d, that contains any untrue statement of a material fact or, with respect to written information, omits to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they are or were made, not misleading. Except for the Transaction Documents and the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement and related documents, instruments and agreements executed or to be executed in connection with the G5 Acquisition, the Preferred Offering and the Debt Offering, the Company is not required to file and does not anticipated being required to file any agreement, note, lease, mortgage, deed or other instrument entered into prior to the date this representation is made and to which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is bound that has not been previously filed as an exhibit (including by way of incorporation by reference) to the Companys reports filed or made with the SEC under the 1934 Act. The accounting firm that expressed its opinion with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Companys most recently filed annual report on Form 10-K, and reviewed the consolidated financial statements included in the Companys most recently filed quarterly report on Form 10-Q, was independent of the Company pursuant to the standards set forth in Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC and as required by the applicable rules and guidance from the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), and such firm was otherwise qualified to render such opinion under applicable law and the rules and regulations of the SEC. There is no transaction, arrangement or other relationship between the Company and an unconsolidated or other off-balance-sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its reports pursuant to the 1934 Act as of the date of this Agreement that has not been so disclosed in the SEC Documents.

(iii) The Company is in all material respects in compliance with applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, Sarbanes-Oxley).

7

(iv) Since June 30, 2022, except as set forth on Schedule 3.f, neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries nor, to the Companys Knowledge, any director, officer or employee, of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, has received or otherwise obtained any material written or oral complaint, allegation, assertion or claim regarding the accounting or auditing practices, procedures, methodologies or methods of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or its internal accounting controls, including any complaint, allegation, assertion or claim that the Company or any of the Subsidiaries has engaged in illegal and/or improper accounting or auditing practices. No attorney representing the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, whether or not employed by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, has reported evidence of a material violation of securities laws, breach of fiduciary duty or similar violation by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents to the Company Board or any committee thereof or to any director or officer of the Company pursuant to Section 307 of Sarbanes-Oxley, and the SECs rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Since June 30, 2022, there have been no internal or SEC investigations regarding accounting or revenue recognition discussed with, reviewed by or initiated at the direction of the chief executive officer, principal financial officer, the Company Board or any committee thereof. The Company is not, and never has been, a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the 1934 Act).

(v) As used in this Agreement, the Companys Knowledge and similar language means, unless otherwise specified, the actual knowledge of Shmuel Rubin, Albert Miranda and Jason Messerschmidt, and the knowledge any such Person would be expected to have after reasonable due diligence inquiry.

g. Internal Accounting Controls; Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset and liability accountability, (iii) access to assets or incurrence of liability is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets and liabilities is compared with the existing assets and liabilities at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences (Internal Controls). The Company has timely filed and made publicly available on the SECs EDGAR system no less than three (3) days prior to the date this representation is made, and all certifications and statements required by (A) Rule 13a-14 or Rule 15d-14 under the 1934 Act and (B) Section 906 of Sarbanes Oxley with respect to any SEC Documents. The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures required by Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 under the 1934 Act; such controls and procedures are effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files with or submits to the SEC (X) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported accurately within the time periods specified in the SECs rules and forms and (Y) is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company maintains internal control over financial reporting required by Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 under the 1934 Act; such internal control over financial reporting is effective and does not contain any material weaknesses.

h. Absence of Certain Changes. Since June 30, 2024, there has been no Material Adverse Effect and no circumstances exist that could reasonably be expected to be, cause or have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has not taken any steps, and the Company has no current plans to take any steps, to seek protection pursuant to any bankruptcy law nor, to the Companys Knowledge, do any creditors of the Company intend to initiate involuntary bankruptcy proceedings nor, to the Companys Knowledge, is there any fact that would reasonably lead a creditor to do so.

i. Absence of Litigation. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.i (i) there is no current action, suit or proceeding, or, to the Companys Knowledge, any inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board or other Governmental Authority pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened against or affecting the Company, the Common Stock or any of the Subsidiaries, any Employee Benefit Plan (as defined below), or any of the Companys or the Subsidiaries officers or directors in their capacities as such, and (ii) to the Companys Knowledge, none of the directors or officers of the Company has been involved (as a plaintiff, defendant, witness or otherwise) in securities-related litigation during the past five years. None of the matters described in Schedule 3.i, has had or, if determined adversely to the Company or any Subsidiary, would reasonably expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect.

8

j. Acknowledgment Regarding Buyers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Buyer is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Company in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The Company further acknowledges that the Buyer is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and any advice given by the Buyer or any of its representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby is merely incidental to the Buyers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Buyer that the Companys decision to enter into the Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation by the Company and its representatives.

k. No Undisclosed Liabilities. Other than (i) the liabilities assumed or created pursuant to Transaction Documents, (ii) liabilities accrued for in the latest balance sheet included in the Companys most recent periodic report (on Form 10-Q or Form 10-K) filed at least three (3) Business Days prior to the date this representation is made (the date of such balance sheet, the Latest Balance Sheet Date) and (iii) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices since the Latest Balance Sheet Date, the Company and the Subsidiaries do not have any other material liabilities (whether fixed or unfixed, known or unknown, absolute or contingent, asserted or unasserted, choate or inchoate, liquidated or unliquidated, or secured or unsecured, and regardless of when any action, claim, suit or proceeding with respect thereto is instituted).

l. General Solicitation. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf, has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D under the 1933 Act) in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities.

m. No Integrated Offering. Except for the issuance of securities in connection with the Preferred Offering, the Debt Offering, and the G5 Acquisition, neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the 1933 Act or any applicable stockholder approval provisions of any authority.

n. Employee Relations. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries is involved in any labor union dispute nor, to the Companys Knowledge, is any such dispute threatened. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.n, none of the employees of the Company and the Subsidiaries is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and the Subsidiaries believe that their relations with their respective employees are good. No executive officer (as defined in Rule 3b-7 under the 1934 Act), nor any other Person whose termination would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 5.02 of Form 8-K, has notified the Company that such Person intends to leave the Company or otherwise terminate such Persons employment with the Company. No such executive officer, to the Companys Knowledge, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement, non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance would not and would not be reasonably expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect.

9

o. Employee Benefits. No prohibited transaction as defined under Section 406 of ERISA (as defined below) or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), that is not exempt under ERISA Section 408 or Section 4975 of the Code, under any applicable regulations and published interpretations thereunder or under any applicable prohibited transaction, individual or class exemption issued by the Department of Labor, has occurred with respect to any Employee Benefit Plan (as defined below), (ii) at no time within the last seven (7) years has the Company or any ERISA Affiliate (as defined below) maintained, sponsored, participated in, contributed to or has or had any liability or obligation in respect of any Employee Benefit Plan subject to Section 302 of ERISA, Title IV of ERISA, or Section 412 of the Code or any multiemployer plan as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA or any multiple employer plan for which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate has incurred or could incur liability under Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA, (iii) no Employee Benefit Plan represents any current or future liability for retiree health, life insurance, or other retiree welfare benefits except as may be required by the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended, or similar state law, (iv) each Employee Benefit Plan is and has been operated in compliance with its terms and all applicable laws, including but not limited to ERISA and the Code, except for such failures to comply that would not have a Material Adverse Effect, (v) no event has occurred (including a reportable event as such term is defined in Section 4043 of ERISA) and no condition exists that would subject the Company or any ERISA Affiliate to any tax, fine, lien, penalty or liability imposed by ERISA, the Code or other applicable law, except for any such tax, fine, lien, penalty or liability that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, (vi) except as disclosed on Schedule 3.o, the Company does not maintain any Foreign Benefit Plan, (vii) the Company does not have any obligations under any collective bargaining agreement, (viii) no Employee Benefit Plan is subject to termination or modification, as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby or by the other Transaction Documents, (ix) no benefit will be distributed and no liability will be incurred, including any complete or partial withdrawal from or with respect to any multiemployer plan or other Employee Benefit Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA, as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby or by the other Transaction Documents, (x) no benefit or vesting under any Employee Benefit Plan will accelerate or increase as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby or by the other Transaction Documents, and (ix) all individuals working for the Company or any ERISA Affiliate are properly classified as employees or independent contractors. As used in this Agreement, Employee Benefit Plan means any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, and all stock purchase, stock option, stock-based severance, employment, change-in-control, medical, disability, fringe benefit, bonus, incentive, deferred compensation, employee loan and all other employee benefit plans, agreements, programs, policies or other arrangements, whether or not subject to ERISA, under which (A) any current or former employee, director or independent contractor of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries has any present or future right to benefits and which are contributed to, sponsored by or maintained by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or (B) the Company or any of the Subsidiaries has had or has any present or future obligation or liability on behalf of any such employee, director or independent contractor; ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended; ERISA Affiliate means any member of the Companys controlled group as defined in Code Section 414 (b), (c), (m) or (o); and Foreign Benefit Plan means any Employee Benefit Plan mandated by a government other than the United States of America is subject to the laws or a jurisdiction outside of the United States.

p. Intellectual Property Rights.

(i) The Company and its Subsidiaries own or possess adequate rights or licenses to use all Intellectual Property (as defined below) necessary to conduct their respective businesses as now conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted (Company Intellectual Property). Except as set forth on Schedule 3.p, none of the Companys or its Subsidiaries rights with respect to Patents included within Company Intellectual Property are expected to expire, terminate or be abandoned, within three years from the date of this Agreement, in either case that are necessary or material to the conduct of the Companys business as now conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (A) has infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated the Intellectual Property rights of others or (B) breached or violated any contract, agreement or arrangement relating to Intellectual Property, except in each case, as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no claim (including in connection with any offer to license), action or proceeding being made or brought, or to the Companys Knowledge being threatened, (1) against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries regarding any Intellectual Property, including any claim of breach or violation of any contract, agreement or arrangement relating to Intellectual Property or (2) with respect to any registration or filing made by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries regarding any Intellectual Property. To the Companys Knowledge, there are no facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing infringements, misappropriation or violation, or claims, actions or proceedings. To the Companys Knowledge, (x) no third party has infringed or otherwise violated any Intellectual Property owned by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries and (y) no third party has materially breached any contract, agreement or arrangement relating to Intellectual Property to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of the Intellectual Property owned by them.

10

(ii) The software, hardware, networks, communications devices and facilities, and other technology and related services used by the Company and/or any of the Subsidiaries (collectively, the Systems) are reasonably sufficient for the operation of their respective businesses as currently conducted and for the reasonably anticipated needs of such businesses. The Company and the Subsidiaries have arranged for disaster recovery and back-up services sufficient to comply with any and all applicable Laws and adequate to meet its needs in the event the performance of any of the Systems or any material component thereof is temporarily or permanently impeded or degraded due to any natural disaster or other event outside the reasonable control of the Company or the Subsidiaries, as applicable. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established and maintain commercially reasonable measures to ensure that the Systems, and all software, information and data residing on its Systems or otherwise owned by, licensed, used or distributed by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, are, to the Companys Knowledge, free of any computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, time bomb, or similar code designed to disable, damage, degrade or disrupt the operation of, permit unauthorized access to, erase, destroy or modify any software, hardware, network or other technology (Malicious Code). Since June 30, 2023, no Malicious Code or error or defect has caused a material disruption, degradation or failure of any of the Systems or of the conduct of the businesses of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, and, to the Companys Knowledge, there has been no material unauthorized intrusion or breach of the security of any of the Systems.

(iii) For purposes of this Agreement, the term Intellectual Property means all intellectual property and industrial property rights and assets, and all rights, interests and protections that are associated with, similar to, or required for the exercise of, any of the foregoing, however arising, pursuant to the laws of any jurisdiction throughout the world, whether registered or unregistered, including any and all: (a) inventions (whether or not patentable, and whether or not reduced to practice) and all improvements thereto; (b) all patents (including all reissuances, divisionals, provisionals, continuations and continuations-in-part, re-examinations, renewals, substitutions and extensions thereof), patent applications and other patent rights (Patents); (c) trademarks, service marks, trade names, brand names, logos, trade dress, design rights and other similar designations of source, sponsorship, association or origin, together with all goodwill connected with the use of and symbolized by, and all registrations, registration applications and renewals in respect of, any of the foregoing; (d) Internet domain names, whether or not trademarks or service marks, registered in any top-level domain by any authorized private registrar or Governmental Authority, web addresses, web pages, websites and related content, accounts with Twitter, Facebook and other social media companies and the content found thereon and related thereto, and URLs; (e) works of authorship, expressions, designs and design registrations, whether or not copyrightable, including copyrights and moral rights, and all registrations, applications for registration and renewals with respect thereto; (f) trade secrets, discoveries, business and technical information, know-how, methodologies, strategies, processes, databases, data collections and other confidential and/or proprietary information and all rights therein; (g) software and firmware, including data files, source code, object code, application programming interfaces, routines, algorithms, architecture, files, records, schematics, computerized databases and other related specifications and documentation; (h) semiconductor chips and mask works; (i) other intellectual property rights; and (j) copies and tangible embodiments (in whatever form or medium) of the foregoing. For purposes of this Agreement, Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or any political subdivision thereof, whether state, provincial or local, or any agency (including any self-regulatory agency or organization), authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administration powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supranational bodies such as the European Union) over the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, or any of their respective properties, assets or undertakings.

q. Environmental Laws. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries (i) has complied in all material respects with all Environmental Laws (as defined below), (ii) has received all material permits, licenses or other approvals required of it under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct its business, (iii) has complied with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval, and to the Companys Knowledge, there are no events, conditions, or circumstances reasonably likely to result in liability of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries pursuant to Environmental Laws that would or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Company or the Subsidiaries has received any notice of any noncompliance with any Environmental Laws or the terms and conditions of any permit, license or approval required under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct the Companys and the Subsidiaries respective businesses. The term Environmental Laws means all federal, state, local or foreign laws relating to any matter arising out of or relating to public health and safety, or pollution or protection of the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata) or workplace, including any of the foregoing relating to the presence, use, production, generation, handling, transport, treatment, storage, disposal, distribution, discharge, emission, release, threatened release, control or cleanup of any Hazardous Materials, including the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq., as amended (CERCLA), the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, as amended, 42 U.S.C. 6901, et seq., the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. 7401, et seq., as amended, the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, 33 U.S.C. 1251, et seq., as amended, the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, 33 U.S.C. 2701, et seq., and the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C. 2601, et seq.; Hazardous Materials means any hazardous, toxic or dangerous substance, materials and wastes, including hydrocarbons (including naturally occurring or man-made petroleum and hydrocarbons), flammable explosives, asbestos, urea formaldehyde insulation, radioactive materials, biological substances, polychlorinated biphenyls, pesticides, herbicides and any other kind and/or type of pollutants or contaminants (including materials which include hazardous constituents), sewage, sludge, industrial slag, solvents and/or any other similar substances, materials, or wastes and including any other substances, materials or wastes that are or become regulated under any Environmental Law (including any that are or become classified as hazardous or toxic under any Environmental Law).

11

r. Personal Property. Except as described on Schedule 3.r, the Company and the Subsidiaries have good and valid title to all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for Liens for the payment of federal, state or other Taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP.

s. Real Property. None of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries owns any real property. All of the Real Property Leases (as defined below) are valid and in full force and effect and are enforceable against all parties thereto. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries nor, to the Companys Knowledge, any other party thereto is in default in any material respect under any of the Real Property Leases and no event has occurred which with the giving of notice or the passage of time or both could constitute a default under, or otherwise give any party the right to terminate, any of such Real Property Leases, or could materially adversely affect the Companys or any of the Subsidiaries interest in and title to the Real Property subject to any of such Real Property Leases. No Real Property Lease is subject to termination, modification or acceleration as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby or by the other Transaction Documents. For purposes hereof, Real Property Lease means each lease for Real Property, except easements, rights of way, access agreements, surface damage agreements, surface use agreements or similar agreements that pertain to Real Property; and Real Property means all the real property, facilities and fixtures that are leased or, in the case of fixtures, otherwise owned or possessed by the Company or the Subsidiaries.

t. Insurance. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries have been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for, and, to the Companys Knowledge, the Company and the Subsidiaries will be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

u. Regulatory Permits and Other Regulatory Matters.

(i) Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all material certificates, authorizations, approvals, licenses and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their business as presently conducted (Permits), including all Permits required by any Governmental Authority engaged in the regulation of the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries (each, a Regulatory Agency), and neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such Permit. To the Companys Knowledge, there are no facts or circumstances that could reasonably lead to any of them not being able to obtain necessary Permits as and when necessary to enable the Company and the Subsidiaries to conduct its business.

12

(ii) Other Regulatory Matters. As to each product of the Company or any Subsidiary subject to the jurisdiction of any Regulatory Agency that is manufactured, packaged, distributed, sold, and/or marketed by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, such product has been, and is being, manufactured, packaged, distributed, sold and/or marketed by the Company in compliance in all material respects with all applicable requirements imposed or promulgated by each Regulatory Agency. There is no pending, completed or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened, action (including any lawsuit, arbitration, or legal or administrative or regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint, or investigation) against the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, and none of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter or other communication from any Regulatory Agency, which (A) contests the licensure, registration, or approval of, the uses of, the distribution of, the manufacturing or packaging of, or the sale of, any products of the Company or the Subsidiaries, (B) withdraws its approval of, requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws or orders the withdrawal of advertising or sales promotional materials relating to, any such product, (C) enjoins production at any facility of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, (D) enters or proposes to enter into a consent decree of permanent injunction with the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, or (E) otherwise alleges any violation of any laws, rules or regulations by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries. The respective properties, business and operations of the Company and the Subsidiaries have been and are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of applicable Regulatory Agencies. The Company has not been informed by any Regulatory Agency that it will prohibit the marketing, sale, license or use in the United States or any other jurisdiction of any product proposed to be developed, produced or marketed by the Company nor has any Regulatory Agency expressed any concern as to approving any product being developed or proposed to be developed by the Company or any Subsidiary.

v. Listing. The Company is not in violation of any of the rules, regulations or requirements of the Principal Market, and, to the Companys Knowledge, there are no facts or circumstances that could reasonably lead to suspension or termination of trading of the Class A Common Stock on the Principal Market. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.v, since June 30, 2023, (i) the Class A Common Stock has been listed on the Principal Market, (ii) trading in the Class A Common Stock has not been suspended or deregistered by the SEC or the Principal Market, and (iii) the Company has received no communication, written or oral, from the SEC or the Principal Market regarding the suspension or termination of trading of the Class A Common Stock on the Principal Market. For purposes of this Agreement, Principal Market means the Nasdaq Capital Market, or if the Class A Common Stock becomes listed on any other National Exchange, then from and after such date, such National Exchange; and National Exchange means any of the NYSE MKT, The New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Capital Market (or a successor to any of the foregoing). The Class A Common Stock is eligible for clearing through The Depository Trust Company (the DTC), through its Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian (DWAC) system, and the Company is eligible and participating in the Direct Registration System (DRS) of DTC with respect to the Class A Common Stock. The Class A Common Stock is not, and has not been at any time prior to the Closing Date, subject to any DTC chill, freeze or similar restriction with respect to any DTC services, including the clearing of shares of Class A Common Stock through DTC.

w. Tax Status. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.w or for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect each of the Company and the Subsidiaries (i) has timely filed all material foreign, federal and state income, franchise and all other material Tax Returns required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject under applicable law, (ii) has paid all Taxes that are material in amount and required to be paid under applicable law, except those for which the Company has made reserves in the consolidated financial statements of the Company and the Subsidiaries that are adequate in accordance with GAAP, and (iii) has established in the consolidated financial statements of the Company and the Subsidiaries reserves that are reasonable adequate in accordance with GAAP for the payment of all material Tax liabilities that are due and owing as of the date this representation is made. There are no unpaid Taxes in any material amount claimed in writing received by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and to the Companys Knowledge, there is no basis for any such claim. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries has timely withheld and paid all material Taxes (including sales Taxes) required to have been withheld and paid in connection with any amounts paid or owing to any employee, independent contractor, creditor, stockholder or third party. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries is or has been a U.S. real property holding corporation (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.897-2(b)) under the Code (USRPHC) during the applicable period specified in Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the Code. No deficiency for any income, franchise or other material amount of Tax relating to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries has been asserted or assessed by any taxing authority in writing, except for the deficiencies which have been satisfied by payment, settled or withdrawn or which are being contested in good faith and for which reserves adequate in accordance with GAAP have been established in the consolidated financial statements of the Company and the Subsidiaries. None of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries has entered into a listed transaction (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4(b)(2)) that has given rise to a disclosure obligation under Section 6011 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder and that has not been disclosed in the relevant Tax Return. Taxes means all taxes, charges, fees, levies or other like assessments provided each such charge, fee, levy or other like assessment are in the nature of a tax, including United States federal, state, local, foreign and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, social security, estimated, sales, use, ad valorem, franchise, profits, net worth, alternative or add-on minimum, capital gains, license, withholding, payroll, employment, unemployment, social security, excise, property, and transfer taxes, whether computed on a separate, consolidated, unitary, combined or any other basis together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax, estimated taxes or additional amounts with respect thereto, and including any liability for taxes as a result of being a member of a consolidated, combined, unitary or affiliated group; and Tax Returns means all returns, declarations, reports, statements, schedules, notices, forms or other documents or information required to be filed with a taxing authority in respect of the determination, assessment, collection or payment of any Tax or in connection with the administration, implementation or enforcement of any legal requirement relating to any Tax.

13

x. Transactions With Affiliates. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.x, none of the Companys or any of the Subsidiaries respective officers or directors, Persons who were officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary at any time during the previous two years, stockholders, or affiliates of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, or any individual related by blood, marriage or adoption to any such individual (each a Related Party), nor any Affiliate of any Related Party, is presently, or has been within the past two years, a party to any transaction, contract, agreement, instrument, commitment, understanding or other arrangement or relationship with the Company or any of the Subsidiaries (other than directly for services as an employee, officer and/or director), whether for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments or consideration to or from any such Related Party. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.x, no current officer or director of the Company or any Subsidiary or, to the Companys Knowledge, any Related Party of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates, has any direct or indirect ownership interest in any Person (other than ownership of less than 1% of the outstanding common stock of a publicly traded corporation) in which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries has any direct or indirect ownership interest or has a business relationship or with which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries competes. Affiliate for purposes hereof means, with respect to any Person, another Person that, (i) is a director, officer, manager, managing member, general partner or five percent or greater owner of equity interests in such Person, or (ii) directly or indirectly, (1) has a common ownership with that Person, (2) controls that Person, (3) is controlled by that Person or (4) shares common control with that Person. Control or controls for purposes hereof means that a person or entity has the power, direct or indirect, to conduct or govern the policies of another Person.

y. Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Company Board have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Certificate of Incorporation or the laws of the State of Delaware that is or could become applicable to the Buyer as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Buyers ownership of the Securities.

z. Rights Agreement. The Company has not adopted a stockholder rights plan (or poison pill) or similar arrangement relating to accumulations of beneficial ownership of Common Stock or a change in control of the Company which has not been terminated or expired in accordance with its terms.

aa. Foreign Corrupt Practices and Certain Other Federal Regulations.

(i) Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries, nor to the Companys Knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or other Person acting on behalf of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries has, in the course of its actions for, or on behalf of, the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; violated or is in violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended; or made any unlawful bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee.

14

(ii) The Company and each Subsidiary is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable U.S. economic sanctions laws, all executive orders and implementing regulations (Sanctions) as administered by the U.S. Treasury Departments Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) and the U.S. State Department. None of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries (A) is a Person on the SDN List, (B) is a person who is otherwise the target of U.S. economic sanctions laws such that a U.S. person cannot deal or otherwise engage in business transactions with such person, (C) is a Person organized or resident in a country or territory subject to comprehensive Sanctions (a Sanctioned Country), or (D) is owned or controlled by (including by virtue of such Person being a director or owning voting shares or interests), or acts, directly or indirectly, for or on behalf of, any Person on the SDN List or a government of a Sanctioned Country such that the entry into, or performance under, this Agreement, any other Transaction Documents would be prohibited by applicable U.S. law.

(iii) The Company and each Subsidiary are in compliance with all laws related to terrorism or money laundering including: (A) all applicable requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970 (31 U.S.C. 5311 et. seq. (the Bank Secrecy Act)), as amended by Title III of the Patriot Act, (B) the Trading with the Enemy Act, (C) that certain Executive Order No. 13224 of September 23, 2001, entitled Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)) or any other enabling legislation, executive order or regulations issued pursuant or relating thereto, and (D) other applicable federal or state laws relating to know your customer or anti-money laundering rules and regulations. No action, suit or other proceeding by or before any court or Governmental Authority with respect to compliance with such anti-money laundering laws is pending or threatened to the knowledge of the Company and each Subsidiary.

(iv) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations governing the import, export, reexport, release, brokering, or transfer of goods, software, technology, technical data, and services, including, without limitation, the U.S. export control laws and regulations administered and enforced by the U.S. Departments of Commerce and State and the import and customs laws administered and enforced by the U.S. Departments of Homeland Security, Commerce, and U.S. Customs and Border Protection, or an appropriate foreign authority, including, without limitation, the Export Control Reform Act, the Export Administration Regulations, the Arms Export Control Act, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, the Trading with the Enemy Act, the U.S. Customs laws and regulations, OFAC, or other applicable law regulating the development, commercialization or export of technology.

bb. No Other Agreements. The Company has not, directly or indirectly, made any agreements with the Buyer relating to the terms or conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents except as set forth in the Transaction Documents.

cc. Investment Company. The Company is not, and upon the Closing will not be, an investment company, a company controlled by an investment company, or an affiliated person of, or promoter or principal underwriter for, an investment company, as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

dd. No Disqualification Events. None of the Company, any of its predecessors, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company participating in the offering contemplated hereby or, to the Companys Knowledge, (i) any beneficial owner (as that term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, (ii) any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the 1933 Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of the Closing, or (iii) any placement agent or dealer participating in the offering of the Securities and any of such agents or dealers directors, executive officers, other officers participating in the offering of the Securities (each, a Covered Person and, together, Covered Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the 1933 Act (a Disqualification Event). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine (A) the identity of each person that is an Covered Person; and (B) whether any Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e). With respect to each Covered Person, the Company has established procedures reasonably designed to ensure that the Company receives notice from each such Covered Person of (I) any Disqualification Event relating to that Covered Person, and (II) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to that Covered Person; in each case occurring up to and including the Closing Date. The Company is not for any other reason disqualified from reliance upon Rule 506 of Regulation D for purposes of the offer and sale of the Securities.

15

ee. Acknowledgement Regarding Buyers Trading Activity. It is understood and acknowledged by the Company that except as expressly set forth in this Agreement or any other agreement executed by the Buyer with or in favor of the Company, the Buyer has not been asked to agree, nor has the Buyer agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term; and the Buyer shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counterparty in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (i) the Buyer may engage in hedging and/or trading activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, and (ii) such hedging and/or trading activities, if any, can reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interest in the Company both at and after the time the hedging and/or trading activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that, except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, any such hedging and/or trading activities do not constitute a breach of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents or affect the rights of the Buyer under this Agreement, any other Transaction Document.

ff. Manipulation of Prices; Securities. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.ff,

(i) None of the Company or the Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors or Affiliates and, to the Companys Knowledge, no one acting on any such Persons behalf has, (A) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company or any Subsidiary to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (B) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (C) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(ii) Since June 30, 2024, no executive officer (as defined pursuant to Section 16 of the 1934 Act), director or Affiliate of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, any Affiliate of any of the foregoing, or anyone acting on their behalf, has sold, bid, purchased or traded in the Common Stock or any other security of the Company.

gg. Disclosure. The Company understands and confirms that the Buyer will rely on the foregoing representations in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. Taken as a whole, all disclosure provided to the Buyer regarding the Company, its business and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Schedules to this Agreement, furnished by or on behalf of the Company is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or with respect to written information omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

4. COVENANTS.

a. Reasonable Best Efforts. Each party shall use its reasonable best efforts to timely satisfy each of the conditions to be satisfied by it as provided in Sections 6 and 7 of this Agreement.

b. Form D and Blue Sky. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof to the Buyer promptly after such filing (unless available on EDGAR). The Company shall, on or before the Closing Date, take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Buyer at the Closing occurring on the Closing Date pursuant to this Agreement under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States. The Company shall make all filings and reports relating to the offer and sale of the Securities required under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States following the Closing Date.

c. Reporting Status. From the date of this Agreement until the later of (i) the first date on which no Common Shares or Warrants remain outstanding, and (ii) the first date on which the Buyer no longer owns any Securities (the period ending on such latest date, the Reporting Period), the Company shall timely (provided, however, that the Company shall be afforded the benefit of any extension pursuant to Rule 12b-25 of the 1934 Act) file all reports required to be filed with the SEC pursuant to the 1934 Act, and the Company shall not terminate the registration of the Class A Common Stock under the 1934 Act or otherwise terminate its status as an issuer required to file reports under the 1934 Act, even if the securities laws would otherwise permit any such termination.

16

d. Use of Proceeds. The Company will use the proceeds from the sale of the Common Shares and Warrants to fund a portion of its cash purchase price obligations in connection with the G5 Acquisition, repayment of indebtedness, and for working capital and other general corporate purposes.

e. Internal Accounting Controls. During the Reporting Period, the Company shall, and shall cause each of the Subsidiaries to (i) at all times keep books, records and accounts with respect to all of such Persons business activities, in accordance with sound accounting practices and GAAP consistently applied, (ii) maintain a system of Internal Controls, (iii) maintain disclosure controls and procedures required by Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 under the 1934 Act, (iv) cause such disclosure controls and procedures to be effective at all times to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files with or submits to the SEC (I) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported accurately within the time periods specified in the SECs rules and forms and (II) is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, (v) maintain internal control over financial reporting required by Rule 13a-14 or Rule 15d-14 under the 1934 Act, and (vi) use its reasonable best efforts to cause such internal control over financial reporting to be effective at all times and not contain any material weaknesses.

f. Reservation of Shares. The Company shall take all action necessary to at all times have authorized, and reserved for the purpose of issuance, no less than 100% of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock needed to provide for issuance of the Warrant Shares upon exercise of all outstanding Warrants (without regard to any limitations or restrictions on exercise thereof).

g. Listing. The Company shall take all actions necessary to remain eligible for listing of its securities on the Principal Market. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain such listing of all Registrable Securities from time to time issuable under the terms of the Transaction Documents; provided, that, in no event shall the Company take any action that would reasonably be expected to adversely impact the Companys ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents. The Company shall not take any action that would reasonably be expected to result in the delisting or suspension of the Class A Common Stock from the Principal Market or any other National Exchange on which the Companys securities are listed (provided that nothing shall prohibit the Company from transferring its listing to another National Exchange). The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligations under this Section 4.g. At all times during the Reporting Period, (i) the Class A Common Stock shall be eligible for clearing through DTC, through its Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian (DWAC) system, (ii) the Company shall be eligible and participating in the Direct Registration System (DRS) of DTC with respect to the Class A Common Stock, and (iii) the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Class A Common Stock to not at any time be subject to any DTC chill, freeze or similar restriction with respect to any DTC services, including the clearing of shares of Class A Common Stock through DTC or, in the event the Class A Common Stock becomes subject to any DTC chill, freeze or similar restriction with respect to any DTC services, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause any such chill, freeze or similar restriction to be removed at the earliest possible time.

h. Transfer Taxes. The Company shall be responsible for any liability with respect to any transfer, stamp or similar non-income Taxes, if any, that may be payable in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, including any such Taxes with respect to the issuance of the Common Shares, the Warrants or the Warrant Shares.

i. Short Sales. During the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the two (2) year anniversary of the Closing Date, the Buyer shall not engage in any transaction that would constitute a Short Sale without the prior written consent of the Company.

17

5. LEGENDS.

(i) The Buyer understands that, subject to Section 5.c(ii) below, the certificates or other instruments representing the Securities, except as set forth below, shall bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

6. CONDITIONS TO THE COMPANYS OBLIGATION TO SELL. The obligation of the Company to issue and sell the Common Shares and the Warrants to the Buyer at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions; provided that these conditions are for the Companys sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion by providing the Buyer with prior written notice thereof:

a. The Buyer shall have executed each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and delivered the same to the Company.

b. The Buyer shall have delivered to the Company the Purchase Price for the Common Shares and the Warrants being purchased by the Buyer at the Closing.

c. The representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date), and the Buyer shall have performed, satisfied and complied with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by the Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date.

d. The Company will have closed the Preferred Offering and the related Debt Offering resulting in aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of not less than $28 million or such closings will occur simultaneously with the Closing.

e. The Company will have closed the G5 Acquisition or such closing will occur simultaneously with the Closing.

7. CONDITIONS TO THE BUYERS OBLIGATION TO PURCHASE. The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Common Shares and the Warrants from the Company at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Buyers sole benefit and may be waived only by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion by providing the Company with prior written notice thereof:

a. The Company shall have executed each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and delivered the same to the Buyer.

18

b. The representations and warranties of the Company and the Subsidiaries shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date) and the Company and the Subsidiaries shall have performed, satisfied and complied with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by the Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company and the Subsidiaries at or prior to the Closing Date. The Buyer shall have received a certificate, executed by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, to the foregoing effect and as to such other matters as may be reasonably requested by the Buyer.

c. The Company shall have executed and delivered to the Buyer the Common Stock Certificates and the Warrants (in such denominations as the Buyer shall request) for the Common Shares and the Warrants being purchased by the Buyer at the Closing.

d. The Company Board shall have adopted, and not rescinded or otherwise amended or modified, resolutions approving the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Resolutions).

e. As of the Closing Date, the Company shall have reserved out of its authorized and unissued Class A Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the exercise of the Warrants, at least 170,697 shares of Class A Common Stock (such number to be adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations or other similar transactions involving the Class A Common Stock that are effective at any time after the date of this Agreement).

f. None of the Company Board or the board of directors, board of managers or other governing body of the Subsidiaries shall have authorized or approved, or taken any action to authorize or approve, and none of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries shall have consummated (or entered into any agreement or arrangement with respect to) (i) any transaction to pay, repay, redeem or refinance any indebtedness of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, other than the payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices, or (ii) any financing transaction (whether through the issuance of equity or debt securities or otherwise), in each case (A) to occur at any time on or after the date of this Agreement, or (B) that has not been previously publicly disclosed.

g. The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer a certificate evidencing the incorporation or organization and good standing of the Company and each domestic Subsidiary in such entitys state or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization issued by the Secretary of State (or other applicable authority) of such state or jurisdiction of incorporation or organization as of a date within five (5) Business Days of the Closing Date.

h. The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer a secretarys certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, certifying as to (A) the Resolutions, (B) the Certificate of Incorporation, certified as of a date within five (5) Business Days of the Closing Date, by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, and (C) the Bylaws.

i. The Company shall have made all filings under all applicable federal and state securities laws necessary to consummate the issuance of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement in compliance with such laws.

8. GOVERNING LAW; MISCELLANEOUS.

a. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; No Jury Trial. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware and any state appellate court therefrom sitting in New Castle County in the State of Delaware (or, if the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware declines to accept jurisdiction over a particular matter, any state or federal court within the State of Delaware), for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

19

b. Counterparts; Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party. A PDF or other reproduction of this Agreement may be executed by one or more parties hereto, and an executed copy of this Agreement may be delivered by one or more parties hereto by e-mail, DocuSign or other electronic transmission device pursuant to which the signature of or on behalf of such party can be seen, and such execution and delivery shall be considered valid, binding and effective for all purposes. The parties hereto hereby agree that no party shall raise the execution of PDF, DocuSign or other reproduction of this Agreement, or the fact that any signature or document was transmitted or communicated by e-mail or other electronic transmission device, as a defense to the formation of this Agreement.

c. Headings. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement.

d. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.

e. Entire Agreement; Amendments; Waivers. This Agreement supersedes all other prior oral or written agreements among the Buyer, the Company and the Subsidiaries, their Affiliates and Persons acting on their behalf with respect to the matters discussed herein, and this Agreement and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the matters covered herein and therein. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Company and the holders of at least a majority of the then-outstanding Common Shares, or if prior to the Closing, by the Buyer. Any such amendment shall bind all holders of the Common Shares and the Warrants. No such amendment shall be effective to the extent that it applies to less than all of the holders of the Common Shares or Warrants then outstanding. No failure or delay on the part of a party in either exercising or enforcing any right under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of, or impair, any such right. No single or partial exercise or enforcement of any such right shall preclude any other or further exercise or enforcement thereof or the exercise or enforcement of any other right. No waiver of any such right shall be deemed a waiver of any other right. No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification or supplement of any provision of any of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration also is offered to all of the parties hereto or to the other Transaction Documents or holders of the Common Shares or Warrants, as the case may be.

f. Notices. Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by email (and confirmed by another method permitted under this Section 8.f); or (iii) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses and email addresses for such communications shall be:

20

If to the Company:

LightPath Technologies, Inc.

2603 Challenger Tech Court, Suite 100

Orlando, FL 32826

Email: sam@lightpath.com 

Attention: Shmuel Rubin, Chief Executive Officer 

With copy to:

Baker & Hostetler LLP

200 South Orange Avenue, Suite 2300

Orlando, FL 32801

Email: jdecker@bakerlaw.com 

Attention: Jeffrey Decker, Esq. 

If to the Buyer, to it at the address and email address set forth on the Buyers signature page hereto or, in the case of the Buyer or any other party named above, at such other address and/or email address and/or to the attention of such other Person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party ten (10) days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B) generated by return receipt of an email or (C) provided by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by email or deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

g. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. The Buyer may not assign this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the Companys consent until after the Closing at which time the Buyer may assign some or all of its rights hereunder without the consent of the Company; provided, however, that any such assignment shall not release the Buyer from its obligations hereunder unless such obligations are assumed by such assignee and the Company has consented to such assignment and assumption, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Transaction Documents, the Buyer shall be entitled to pledge the Securities in connection with a bona fide margin account or other loan or financing arrangement secured by the Securities.

h. No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns and, to the extent provided in Section 8, each Indemnitee, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

i. Survival. Unless this Agreement is terminated under Section 8.k, the representations and warranties of the Company and the Buyer contained in Sections 2 and 3, and the agreements and covenants set forth in Section 4 and this Section 8, shall survive the Closing.

j. Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

k. Termination. In the event that the Closing shall not have occurred on or before the sixth (6th) Business Day following the date of this Agreement due to the Companys or the Buyers failure to satisfy the conditions set forth in Sections 6 and 7 above (and the nonbreaching partys failure to waive such unsatisfied condition(s)), the nonbreaching party shall have the option to terminate this Agreement with respect to such breaching party at the close of business on such date without liability of any party to any other party.

l. Placement Agent. The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer that except for the engagement of Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC (Craig-Hallum), it has not engaged a placement agent, broker or financial advisor in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and except for fees payable to Craig-Hallum, there are no fees, commissions or expenses payable to any broker, finder or agent relating to or arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company shall be responsible for the payment of any placement agents fees or brokers commissions relating to or arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby, including those payable to Craig-Hallum. The Company shall pay, and hold the Buyer harmless against, any liability, loss or expense (including attorneys fees and out-of-pocket expenses) arising in connection with any claim for any such payment.

21

m. No Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties thereto express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

n. Remedies. The parties hereto agree that (i) irreparable harm would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached, and (ii) money damages or other legal remedies may be an adequate remedy for any such harm. The Buyer and each holder of the Securities shall have all rights and remedies set forth in the Transaction Documents and all rights and remedies that the Buyer and holders have been granted at any time under any other agreement or contract and all of the rights that the Buyer and holders have under any law. Any Person having any rights under any provision of this Agreement shall be entitled to seek to enforce such rights specifically (without posting a bond or other security or proving actual damages), to recover damages by reason of any breach of any provision of this Agreement and to exercise all other rights granted by law.

o. Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company or any of the Subsidiaries makes a payment or payments to the Buyer hereunder or under any of the other Transaction Documents or the Buyer enforces or exercises its rights hereunder or thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company or such Subsidiary, by a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

p. Interpretative Matters. Unless the context otherwise requires, (i) all references to Sections, Schedules or Exhibits are to Sections, Schedules or Exhibits contained in or attached to this Agreement, (ii) each accounting term not otherwise defined in this Agreement has the meaning assigned to it in accordance with GAAP, (iii) words in the singular or plural include the singular and plural and pronouns stated in either the masculine, the feminine or neuter gender shall include the masculine, feminine and neuter, (iv) the use of the word including in this Agreement shall be by way of example rather than limitation, and (v) the word or shall not be exclusive. All statements as to factual matters contained in any certificate or other instrument delivered by or on behalf of the Company pursuant to this Agreement, any of the other Transaction Documents in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be deemed to be representations and warranties by the Company, as if made by the Company pursuant to Section 3 hereof, as of the date of such certificate or instrument (including for purposes of Section 7 hereof).

* * * * * *

22

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Buyer and the Company have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY: 

LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By: 

Shmuel Rubin, Chief Executive Officer 

BUYER: 

LYTTON-KAMBARA FOUNDATION 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

23

Exhibit A 

FORM OF WARRANT

See attached.

24
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>lpth_ex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
lpth_ex991.htm

EXHIBIT 99.1

LightPath Technologies Announces Strategic Acquisition of G5 Infrared 

Management to Host Second Quarter Fiscal 2025 Earnings Conference Call to Discuss Transaction at 5:00 p.m. ET Today

ORLANDO, FL February 13, 2025 LightPath Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: LPTH) (LightPath, the Company, or we), a leading provider of next-generation optics and imaging systems for both defense and commercial applications, today announced the accretive acquisition of G5 Infrared, LLC ("G5"), a leading high-end infrared camera systems manufacturer, purchased for a combination of cash and stock creating a global, vertically integrated optics leader.

Key Transaction Highlights

Acquisition accelerates execution of strategic vision to become a leading vertically integrated infrared imaging solutions provider in the $9B infrared imaging market

G5 Infrared adds complementary high-end cooled infrared camera product family with numerous programs of record to significantly enhance near-term growth

Accretive acquisition adding significant scale

Combined company is at a revenue growth infliction point, and expected to achieve at least $55 million in revenue in the 12 months following the acquisition

Transaction accelerates LightPaths momentum towards achieving long-term 20%+ revenue growth with EBITDA margins in excess of 15%

Acquisition financing secured from new and existing institutional investors

Significant opportunity to integrate BlackDiamond glass with G5s high-end product portfolio

Acquisition Summary and Strategic Rationale

Founded in 2011, G5 is a leading vertically integrated manufacturer of high-performance infrared camera systems and imaging solutions, specializing in advanced thermal imaging technology. The company specializes in long-range mission-critical detection solutions, focusing on defense, border security, and CUAS/Counter-Drone markets. G5s existing revenue and future growth pipeline are driven by established multi-year contracts and multiple programs of record in shipboard long-range surveillance, border security, and counter UAS systems, as well as recurring federal, naval, and law enforcement programs. Additionally, G5 is an industry leading provider of cutting-edge advanced infrared coatings, including for materials such as LightPaths BlackDiamond glass. G5 operates from a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Hudson, NH.

This acquisition strengthens LightPaths position as a leader in infrared imaging by expanding the Companys portfolio to include high average selling price ($50-500K) cooled infrared cameras. The combination of LightPath and G5 creates a more robust, vertically integrated solutions provider through the addition of a company that generated at least $15 million in preliminary, unaudited revenue in CY 2024. In addition to G5s existing strong customer base, the company is awarded, or expected to be awarded multiple new programs of record, which will substantially increase the already strong growth trajectory of its revenue. With the potential for strong growth trajectory of both G5 and LightPaths existing business, the combined company is expected to achieve at least $55 million in revenue in the 12 months following the acquisition and increased EBITDA margins.

1

Over the last few years LightPath has been transitioning from a pure component provider to a vertically integrated provider of subsystems and solutions for infrared imaging. The in-house produced BlackDiamond glass, replacing Germanium, as well as the successful acquisition and integration of Visimid technologies in 2023 has positioned LightPath on a path to become a global leader in infrared imaging through the development of a product portfolio of optical assemblies and cameras. 

Integrating G5s advanced mid-wave infrared cooled camera products with LightPaths uncooled long-wave infrared cameras will create a portfolio of complimentary infrared imaging solutions covering a wide range of applications including both long-range and short-range imaging applications, mobile and stationary solutions, as well as application specific solutions such as optical gas imaging (OGI), intruder detection, and more. Combining LightPaths vertically integrated manufacturing, and in particular LightPaths proprietary BlackDiamond glass, the combined company is well-positioned to capitalize on growing demand for high-performance infrared imaging solutions across defense and commercial markets, as well as co-develop advanced multispectral imaging systems that combines the advantages of the BlackDiamond glass, with the cooled imaging technology of G5. 

Acquisition Consideration and Financing Terms 

The aggregate consideration payable to the G5 members is $27.0 million, consisting of $20.25 million in cash and $6.75 million in common shares, with the potential for additional performance-based consideration, gated by revenue and EBITDA thresholds, payable in cash and common shares. 

The Company has entered into definitive agreements to finance the cash consideration payable to the G5 members through private placements of $25.5 million of a newly-created series of 6.5% fixed price convertible preferred equity and related warrants, common shares totaling $1.5 million, and senior secured promissory notes totaling $5.2 million. As part of the financing, the Bridge Promissory Note LightPath entered into in August 2024 will be fully converted into the newly-created 6.5% preferred equity and related warrants, common shares and related warrants as part of the aforementioned private placement, and the senior secured promissory note noted above, and shall no longer be outstanding following the closing. As a result, the Company expects to be in a stronger cash position following the transaction, and a portion of the cash proceeds will be available to further invest in growth opportunities for both LightPath and G5. The closing of the acquisition and related financing is expected to occur on or before February 19, 2025.

Management Commentary

The acquisition of G5 Infrared is a transformative step in our strategy to become a leading vertically integrated provider of infrared imaging solutions, said Sam Rubin, President and CEO of LightPath. G5 brings deep expertise in high-end cooled infrared camera systems and is considered the market leader in long range imaging, which perfectly complement our existing uncooled camera technology. By integrating G5s capabilities with our proprietary BlackDiamond glass and in-house optics manufacturing, we are enhancing our ability to deliver high-performance imaging solutions for defense, government, and commercial applications, and positioning the combined company to take a leading position in next generation imaging systems whether those be uncooled, cooled, or a combination of both. G5 also brings established programs with naval, federal, and law enforcement agencies, combined with its robust sales pipeline, provide us with clear visibility into robust near-term revenue growth.

2

This accretive acquisition immediately strengthens our financial profile, creating a combined company that we believe will achieve revenue of at least $55 million in the twelve months following the acquisition and increased EBITDA margins. It also represents the next step in our broader M&A strategy to expand our capabilities and market reach, as we seek to build a comprehensive IR imaging platform. With most critical optical components and materials now produced internally, we expect to accelerate both growth and new product innovation. We remain committed to delivering value for our shareholders through continued innovation, operational excellence, and strategic expansion, concluded Rubin.

Lou Fantozzi, Chief Executive Officer of G5, added: We are eager to join the LightPath family, bringing what we believe is a highly incremental and complementary product offering to the robust product suite offered by LightPath today. Together, we believe we can significantly ramp sales, bring new products to market and ultimately drive enhanced profitability for shareholders. I look forward to working closely with Sam and the LightPath team in the months ahead. 

G5 Acquisition & Second Quarter Fiscal 2025 Earnings Call

Management will host an investor conference call at 5:00 p.m. Eastern time today, Thursday, February 13, 2025 to discuss the transformational G5 acquisition, the Companys second quarter fiscal 2025 financial results, provide a corporate update, and conclude with Q&A from telephone participants. To participate, please use the following information:

Date: Thursday, February 13, 2025 

Time: 5:00 p.m. Eastern time 

U.S. Dial-in: 1-877-425-9470

International Dial-in: 1-201-389-0878

Conference ID: 13749940

Webcast: LPTH Q2 FY2025 Earnings Conference Call

Please join at least five minutes before the start of the call to ensure timely participation.

A playback of the call will be available through Thursday, February 27, 2025. To listen, please call 1-844-512-2921 within the United States and Canada or 1-412-317-6671 when calling internationally, using replay pin number 13749940. A webcast replay will also be available using the webcast link above. 

Transaction Advisors

Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC acted as exclusive placement agent to LightPath for the financings.

About LightPath Technologies

LightPath Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: LPTH) is a leading provider of next-generation optics and imaging systems for both defense and commercial applications. As a vertically integrated solutions provider with in-house engineering design support, LightPaths family of custom solutions range from proprietary BlackDiamond chalcogenide-based glass materials sold under exclusive license from the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory to complete infrared optical systems and thermal imaging assemblies. The Companys primary manufacturing footprint is located in Orlando, Florida with additional facilities in Texas, Latvia and China. To learn more, please visit www.lightpath.com. 

3

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release includes statements that constitute forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as forecast, guidance, plan, estimate, will, would, project, maintain, intend, expect, anticipate, prospect, strategy, future, likely, may, should, believe, continue, opportunity, potential, and other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. These forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time the statements are made and/or managements good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the impact of varying demand for the Company products; the ability of the Company to obtain needed raw materials and components from its suppliers; actions governments, businesses, and individuals take in response to the pandemic, including restrictions on onsite commercial interactions; general economic uncertainty in key global markets and a worsening of global economic conditions or low levels of economic growth; geopolitical tensions, the Russian-Ukraine conflict, and the Hamas/ Israel war; the effects of steps that the Company could take to reduce operating costs; the inability of the Company to sustain profitable sales growth, convert inventory to cash, or reduce its costs to maintain competitive prices for its products; circumstances or developments that may make the Company unable to implement or realize the anticipated benefits, or that may increase the costs, of its current and planned business initiatives; and those factors detailed by LightPath Technologies, Inc. in its public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on 10-Q. With respect to the acquisition of G5, such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the ability of the parties to consummate the transaction in a timely manner or at all; the possibility of litigation related to the transaction and the effects thereof; the possibility that anticipated benefits and/or synergies of the transaction will not be achieved in a timely manner or at all; the possibility that the costs of the transaction and/or liabilities assumed will be more significant than anticipated; the possibility that integration will prove more costly and/or time consuming than anticipated; and the possibility that the transaction could disrupt ongoing plans and operations of the parties or their respective relationships with customers, prospective business partners and employees. Should one or more of these risks, uncertainties, or facts materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those indicated or anticipated by the forward-looking statements contained herein. Accordingly, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will be achieved. Except as required under the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, we do not have any intention or obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

Contact

Lucas A. Zimmerman

MZ Group MZ North America

LPTH@mzgroup.us

+1 (949) 259-4987

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>lpth-20250213.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>lpth-20250213_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document Period End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address Address Line 1 

Entity Address Address Line 2 

Entity Address City Or Town 

Entity Address State Or Province 

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Local Phone Number 

Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.CAL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>lpth-20250213_cal.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>lpth-20250213_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>lpth-20250213_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 13, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000889971

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Current Fiscal Year End Date --06-30

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Document Period End Date Feb. 13, 2025

Entity File Number 000-27548

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-0708398

Entity Address Address Line 1 2603 Challenger Tech Court

Entity Address Address Line 2 Suite 100

Entity Address City Or Town Orlando

Entity Address State Or Province FL

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 32826

City Area Code 407

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Local Phone Number 382-4003

Security 12b Title Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01

Trading Symbol LPTH

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://lpth.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

lpth-20250213.xsd 
lpth-20250213_cal.xml 
lpth-20250213_def.xml 
lpth-20250213_lab.xml 
lpth-20250213_pre.xml 
lpth_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>0001654954-25-001429-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>lpth_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000889971 

2025-02-13 
2025-02-13 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

0000889971 
false 
--06-30 
8-K 
2025-02-13 
LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
DE 
000-27548 
86-0708398 
2603 Challenger Tech Court 
Suite 100 
Orlando 
FL 
32826 
407 
382-4003 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 
LPTH 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>