<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-053956.txt : 20250313
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-053956.hdr.sgml : 20250313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250313163033
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-053956
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		22
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250313
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Evergy, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001711269
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				822733395
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38515
		FILM NUMBER:		25736281

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1200 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			KANSAS CITY
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			64105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8165562200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1200 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			KANSAS CITY
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			64105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Monarch Energy Holding, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170707

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EVERGY KANSAS CENTRAL, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000054507
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				480290150
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			KS
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03523
		FILM NUMBER:		25736282

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		818 S KANSAS AVE
		CITY:			TOPEKA
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			66612
		BUSINESS PHONE:		785-575-6300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 889
		CITY:			TOPEKA
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			66601

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WESTAR ENERGY INC /KS
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020619

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WESTERN RESOURCES INC /KS
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KANSAS POWER & LIGHT CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920507
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d892895d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

00017112690000054507false00017112692025-03-132025-03-130001711269evrg:EvergyKansasCentralIncMember2025-03-132025-03-13

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

8-K

Current Report 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) 

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): 

March 13, 2025

Commission

File Number 

Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter,

State of Incorporation,

Address of Principal Executive Offices and

Telephone Number 

I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.

001-38515 

Evergy, Inc. 

82-2733395

(a Missouri corporation) 

1200 Main Street 

Kansas City, 

Missouri64105 

(816) 

556-2200 

NOT APPLICABLE 

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

001-03523 

Evergy Kansas Central, Inc. 

48-0290150

(a Kansas corporation) 

818 South Kansas Avenue 

Topeka, Kansas66612 

(785) 

575-6300 

NOT APPLICABLE 

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 

8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 

14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 

14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 

13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Evergy, Inc. common stock EVRG The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 

12b-2 of the Exchange Act 

(240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

This combined Current Report on Form 

8-K is being filed by the following registrants: Evergy, Inc. and Evergy Kansas Central, Inc. (Evergy Kansas Central). Information relating to any individual registrant is filed by such registrant solely on its own behalf. Each registrant makes no representation as to information relating exclusively to the other registrant. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events 

On March 13, 2025, Evergy Kansas Central issued $300,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its First Mortgage Bonds, 5.25% Series due 2035 (the Mortgage Bonds), pursuant to an Underwriting Agreement, dated March 6, 2025, among Evergy Kansas Central, MUFG Securities Americas Inc., PNC Capital Markets LLC, Regions Securities LLC, TD Securities (USA) LLC, Truist Securities, Inc. and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc., as representatives of the several underwriters named therein. The Mortgage Bonds were registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), pursuant to the shelf registration statement on Form 

S-3

(333-281614-02) of Evergy Kansas Central (the Registration Statement). 

On March 13, 2025, Evergy Kansas Central also issued $300,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its Notes, 4.70% Series due 2028 (the Notes), pursuant to an Underwriting Agreement, dated March 6, 2025, among Evergy Kansas Central, MUFG Securities Americas Inc., PNC Capital Markets LLC, Regions Securities LLC, TD Securities (USA) LLC, Truist Securities, Inc. and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc., as representatives of the several underwriters named therein. The Notes were registered under the Securities Act pursuant to the Registration Statement. 

In connection with the issuance and sale of the Mortgage Bonds and the Notes, Evergy Kansas Central entered into several agreements and other instruments listed in Item 9.01 of this 

Current Report on Form 

8-K and filed as exhibits hereto. These exhibits are incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement.

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

Exhibit 1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated March 6, 2025, among Evergy Kansas Central, Inc., MUFG Securities Americas Inc., PNC Capital Markets LLC, Regions Securities LLC, TD Securities (USA) LLC, Truist Securities, Inc. and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc., as representatives of the several underwriters named therein. 

Exhibit 1.2 Underwriting Agreement, dated March 6, 2025, among Evergy Kansas Central, Inc., MUFG Securities Americas Inc., PNC Capital Markets LLC, Regions Securities LLC, TD Securities (USA) LLC, Truist Securities, Inc. and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc., as representatives of the several underwriters named therein. 

Exhibit 4.1 Fifty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 13, 2025, between Evergy Kansas Central, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, and the form of global bond included therein. 

Exhibit 4.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 13, 2025, between Evergy Kansas Central, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (as Successor to Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (formerly known as Bankers Trust Company)), and the form of global note included therein. 

Exhibit 5.1 Opinion, dated March 13, 2025, of Heather A. Humphrey, regarding the validity of the Bonds. 

Exhibit 5.2 Opinion, dated March 13, 2025, of Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP, regarding the validity of the Notes. 

Exhibit 23.1 Consent of Heather A. Humphrey (included in Exhibit 5.1). 

Exhibit 23.2 Consent of Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP (included in Exhibit 5.2). 

Exhibit 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrants have duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Evergy, Inc.

/s/ Geoffrey T. Ley

Geoffrey T. Ley

Vice President, Corporate Planning and Treasurer

Evergy Kansas Central, Inc.

/s/ Geoffrey T. Ley

Geoffrey T. Ley

Vice President, Corporate Planning and Treasurer

Date: March 13, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d892895dex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.1
<TEXT>
EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 

Executed Version 

Evergy Kansas Central, Inc. 

$300,000,000 

First
Mortgage Bonds, 5.25% Series due 2035 

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT 

dated March 6, 2025 

MUFG
Securities Americas Inc. 

PNC Capital Markets LLC 

Regions Securities LLC 

TD Securities (USA) LLC 

Truist Securities, Inc. 

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. 

Underwriting Agreement 

March 6, 2025 

MUFG Securities Americas Inc. 

PNC Capital Markets LLC 

Regions Securities LLC 

TD Securities (USA) LLC 

Truist Securities, Inc. 

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. 

As Representatives of the
several Underwriters named in Schedule A hereto 

c/o MUFG Securities Americas Inc.

1221 Avenue of the Americas, 6th Floor

New York, New York, 10020 

c/o TD Securities (USA) LLC

1 Vanderbilt Avenue, 11th Floor

New York, New York 10017

c/o PNC Capital Markets LLC

300 Fifth Avenue, 10th Floor

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222 

c/o Truist Securities, Inc.

3333 Peachtree Road, NE

Atlanta, Georgia 30326

c/o Regions Securities LLC

1180 West Peachtree Street NW, Suite 1400

Atlanta, Georgia 30309 

c/o U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc.

214 North Tryon Street, 26th Floor

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Evergy Kansas Central, Inc., a Kansas corporation (the Company), proposes to issue and sell to the several underwriters
named in Schedule A hereto (the Underwriters), acting severally and not jointly, the respective amounts set forth in Schedule A hereto of $300,000,000aggregate principal amount of the Companys First Mortgage Bonds,
5.25% Series due 2035 (the Bonds). MUFG Securities Americas Inc., PNC Capital Markets LLC, Regions Securities LLC, TD Securities (USA) LLC, Truist Securities, Inc. and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. have agreed to act as
representatives of the several Underwriters (in such capacity, the Representatives) in connection with the offering and sale of the Bonds. 

The Company is concurrently publicly offering unsecured senior debt securities (the Notes) (the Note
Offering). The offering of the Bonds is not contingent upon completion of the Note Offering, the Note Offering is not contingent upon the completion of the offering of the Bonds and the Notes are not being offered together with the Bonds.

1 

The Bonds will be issued pursuant to and secured by the Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated as
of July 1, 1939, between the Company (formerly The Kansas Power and Light Company) and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Harris Trust and Savings Bank, as trustee (the Trustee), as amended and
supplemented by fifty-two indentures supplemental thereto, in addition to the Forty-Second Supplemental (Reopening) Indenture (such Mortgage and Deed of Trust, as heretofore amended and supplemented, the
BaseMortgage). Certain terms of the Bonds will be established pursuant to the fifty-third supplemental indenture, dated as of March 13, 2025 (the Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base
Mortgage, the Mortgage Indenture). The Bonds will be issued in book-entry form in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of The Depository Trust Company (the Depositary), pursuant to the Companys
Blanket Letter of Representations, dated April 8, 2020, to the Depositary (the DTC Agreement). 

The Company has
prepared and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration statement on Form S-3 (File
No. 333-281614-02) to be used in connection with the public offering and sale of debt securities, including the Bonds, of the Company. Such registration statement,
including the financial statements, exhibits and schedules thereto, in the form in which it became effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Securities
Act), including any required information deemed to be a part of the registration statement at the time of effectiveness pursuant to Rule 430B of the Securities Act, is called the Registration Statement. The term
Base Prospectus shall mean the base prospectus dated September 1, 2021 relating to the Bonds. The term Preliminary Prospectus shall mean any preliminary prospectus supplement relating to the Bonds, together
with the Base Prospectus, that is filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act (Rule 424(b)). The term Prospectus shall mean the final prospectus supplement relating to the Bonds,
together with the Base Prospectus, that is first filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) after the date and time that this Agreement is executed (the Execution Time) and delivered by the parties hereto. Any reference herein to the
Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents that are or are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form
S-3 of the Securities Act prior to 2:30 p.m. (Eastern time) on March 6, 2025 (the Initial Sale Time). All references in this Agreement to the Registration Statement, any Preliminary
Prospectus, the Prospectus, or any amendments or supplements to any of the foregoing, shall include any copy thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR). 

All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information that is contained,
included or stated (or other references of like import) in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any Preliminary Prospectus shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and other
information that is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any Preliminary Prospectus, as the case may be, prior to the Initial Sale Time; and all references in this Agreement to amendments or
supplements to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any Preliminary Prospectus shall be deemed to include the filing of any document under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder
(collectively, the Exchange Act), which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any Preliminary Prospectus, as the case may be, after the Initial Sale Time. 

2 

The Company hereby confirms its agreements with the Underwriters as follows: 

SECTION 1. Representations and Warranties of the Company. 

The Company hereby represents, warrants and covenants to each Underwriter as of the date hereof, as of the Initial Sale Time and as of the
Closing Date (as such term is defined herein) (in each case, a RepresentationDate), as follows: 

(a)
Well-Known Seasoned Issuer. (i) At the time of filing the Registration Statement, (ii) at the time of the most recent amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act (whether such
amendment was by post-effective amendment, incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or form of prospectus), (iii) at the time the Company or any person acting on its behalf (within the meaning, for this
clause only, of Rule 163(c) of the Securities Act) made any offer relating to the Bonds in reliance on the exemption of Rule 163 of the Securities Act, and (iv) as of the Execution Time (with such date being used as the determination date for
purposes of this clause (iv)), the Company was and is a well-known seasoned issuer (as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act (Rule 405)). The Registration
Statement is an automatic shelf registration statement (as such term is defined in Rule 405), the Company has not received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the Securities Act (Rule
401(g)(2)) objecting to use of the automatic shelf registration statement form and the Company has not otherwise ceased to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form. 

(b) Compliance with Registration Requirements. The Company meets the requirements for use of Form
S-3 of the Securities Act and the Bonds have been duly registered under the Securities Act pursuant to the Registration Statement. The Registration Statement has become effective under the Securities Act and
no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, are contemplated or
threatened by the Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information has been complied with. The Registration Statement was initially filed with the Commission on August 16, 2024. In addition, the Mortgage
Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Trust Indenture Act). 

At the respective times the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendments thereto became effective and at each Representation Date,
the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto (i) complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Trust Indenture Act, and (ii) did not and will not contain an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. Neither the Prospectus nor any amendments or supplements thereto, at the time the Prospectus or any such
amendment or supplement was issued and at the Closing Date, included or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the representations and warranties in this Section 1(b) shall not apply to (A) that part of the Registration Statement that constitutes the Statement
of Eligibility on Form T-1 of the Trustee 

3 

under the Trust Indenture Act or (B) statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or the Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto
made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company in writing by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any
Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 7(b) hereof. 

Each Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, at
the time each was filed with the Commission, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act, and each Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with the offering of the Bonds will, at
the time of such delivery, be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by the Commissions Regulation S-T.

(c) Disclosure Package. The term Disclosure Package shall mean (i) the Preliminary Prospectus dated
March 6, 2025, (ii) each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (as such term is defined below) identified as an Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus in Annex I hereto (each, an Issuer General Use Free Writing
Prospectus) and (iii) any other free writing prospectus that the parties hereto shall hereafter expressly agree in writing to treat as part of the Disclosure Package. The term Issuer Free Writing Prospectus shall
mean any issuer free writing prospectus (as such term is defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act (Rule 433)) relating to the Bonds that (A) is required to be filed with the Commission by the Company or
(B) is a road show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i), whether or not required to be filed with the Commission, in each case in the form filed or required to be filed with the Commission or, if
not required to be so filed, in the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to Rule 433(g). The term Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus shall mean any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not an Issuer
General Use Free Writing Prospectus as identified in Annex I hereto. At the Initial Sale Time, neither (1) the Disclosure Package nor (2) any individual Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus, when considered with the Disclosure
Package, included any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The preceding sentence
does not apply to statements in or omissions from the Disclosure Package or any Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company in writing by any Underwriter through the
Representatives specifically for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by or on behalf of any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 7(b) hereof. 

(d) Incorporated Documents. The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, any
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus (i) at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, complied or will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and (ii) when read together with the
other information in the Disclosure Package, at the Initial Sale Time, and when read together with the other information in the Prospectus, at the date of the Prospectus and at the Closing Date, did not or will not include an untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

4 

(e) Not an Ineligible Issuer. (i) At the earliest time after the filing of the
Registration Statement that the Company or another offering participant makes a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the Securities Act) of the Bonds and (ii) as of the Execution Time (with such date being used as the
determination date for purposes of this clause (ii)), the Company was not or is not an ineligible issuer (as such term is defined in Rule 405), without taking account of any determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 that it is
not necessary that the Company be considered such an ineligible issuer. 

(f) Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. Each Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus, as of its issue date and at all subsequent times through the completion of the public offering and sale of Bonds or until any earlier date that the Company notified or notifies the Representatives as described in the next
sentence, did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus. If at any time following
issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, any
Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, the Company has promptly notified or will promptly notify the Representatives and has promptly amended or supplemented or will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict. The foregoing two sentences do not apply to statements in or omissions from any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company in writing by any
Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 7(b) hereof. 

(g) No Applicable Registration or Other Similar Rights. There are no persons with registration or other similar rights to have any
equity or debt securities registered for sale under the Registration Statement or included in the offering contemplated by this Agreement, except for such rights as have been duly waived. 

(h) Due Incorporation and Qualification. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good
standing under the laws of the state of Kansas with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its
obligations under this Agreement, the Mortgage Indenture and the Bonds; and the Company is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by
reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure to so qualify and be in good standing would not result in a Material Adverse Change (as defined herein). 

(i) Subsidiaries. Evergy Kansas South, Inc. (the Subsidiary) is a significant subsidiary (as such term
is defined in Rule 1-02 of the Commissions Regulation S-X) of the Company. The Subsidiary has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in
good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, has corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and is duly qualified
as a foreign corporation to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason 

5 

of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure so to qualify or to be in good standing would not result in a Material Adverse Change; except as
otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Subsidiary have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and
non-assessable and are owned directly by the Company free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity; and none of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Subsidiary was issued in violation of preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder of the Subsidiary. The Company has no other significant subsidiaries (as such term is defined in Rule
1-02 of the Commissions Regulation S-X) other than the Subsidiary. 

(j) Capitalization. The authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company is as set forth in the Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus. The shares of issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; none of the outstanding shares of capital
stock of the Company was issued in violation of preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder of the Company. 

(k)
Accountants. The accountants who issued their reports on the financial statements of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus are an independent registered public accounting firm with
respect to the Company, as required by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). 

(l) Financial Statements. The financial statements and any supporting schedules of the Company included or incorporated by reference in
the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of the dates indicated and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods
specified; except as stated therein, such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis; and any supporting schedules
included in the Registration Statement present fairly, in all material respects, the information required to be stated therein. The selected financial data and the summary financial information included or incorporated by reference in the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus present fairly, in accordance with GAAP, the information shown therein and have been compiled on a basis consistent with that of the audited financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

(m) Authorization of the Underwriting Agreement. This Agreement has been
duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 

(n) Authorization of the Mortgage Indenture. The Mortgage Indenture has
been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act and has been duly authorized; the Base Mortgage has been and, at the Closing Date, the Supplemental Indenture will be duly executed and delivered by the Company; and the Base Mortgage constitutes
and, at the Closing Date, the Mortgage Indenture will constitute a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or affecting enforcement of mortgagees or other creditors rights generally and except as enforcement thereof is subject to 

6 

general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law); provided, however, that certain remedial provisions of the Mortgage
Indenture may not be enforceable, but such unenforceability will not render the Mortgage Indenture invalid as a whole or affect the judicial enforcement of (i) the obligation of the Company to repay the principal of the Bonds, together with the
interest and any premium thereon, as provided in the Bonds, (ii) the acceleration of the obligation of the Company to repay such principal, together with such interest and premium, based upon a material default by the Company in the payment of
such principal, interest or premium or (iii) the right of the Trustee to exercise its right to foreclose under the Mortgage Indenture. 

(o) Accurate Tax Disclosure. The factual statements set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the caption
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations are accurate in all material respects and fairly present the information provided. 

(p) Authorization of the Bonds. The Bonds to be purchased by the Underwriters from the Company are in the form contemplated by the
Mortgage Indenture, have been duly authorized for issuance and sale pursuant to this Agreement and the Mortgage Indenture and, at the Closing Date, will have been duly executed by the Company and, when authenticated in the manner provided for in the
Mortgage Indenture and delivered against payment of the purchase price therefor, will be validly issued and delivered and will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, except as the
enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or affecting enforcement of mortgagees or other creditors rights generally and except as enforcement thereof is subject
to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) and will be entitled to the benefits of the Mortgage Indenture. 

(q) Recordation of the Mortgage Indenture. The Mortgage Indenture (not including the Supplemental Indenture) has been duly recorded and
filed in each place in which such recording or filing is required to establish, protect and preserve the lien of the Mortgage Indenture on the Mortgaged Property (as such term is defined in the Mortgage Indenture), and all taxes and recording or
filing fees required to be paid in connection with the execution, recording or filing of the Mortgage Indenture (not including the Supplemental Indenture) have been duly paid. 

(r) Title to Property. Except as to property acquired subsequent to the execution and delivery of the Supplemental Indenture, the
Company has good and sufficient title to, or a satisfactory easement in, the Mortgaged Property (except such property as may have been disposed of or released from the lien thereof in accordance with the terms thereof), subject only to (i) the
lien of the Mortgage Indenture, (ii) exceptions and reservations specifically set forth therein, (iii) Permitted Liens (as such term is defined in the Mortgage Indenture), (iv) leases and minor liens of judgments not prior to the lien
of the Mortgage Indenture that do not interfere with the Companys business, (v) defects, irregularities and deficiencies in titles of properties and
rights-of-way that do not materially impair the use of such property and rights-of-way
for the purposes for which they are held by the Company and (vi) matters specified in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the caption Description of First Mortgage BondsPriority and Security. 

7 

(s) Lien of the Mortgage Indenture. The Mortgage Indenture, subject only to the
qualifications set forth in Section 1(r) hereof and to such other matters as do not materially affect the security for the Bonds, constitutes a valid, direct first mortgage lien upon the Mortgaged Property, and all property (to the extent such
property constitutes Mortgaged Property) acquired by the Company after the execution and delivery of the Supplemental Indenture will, upon such acquisition, become subject to the lien of the Mortgage Indenture to the extent provided therein,
subject, however, to Permitted Liens and such other exceptions as are permitted by the Mortgage Indenture. 

(t) Description of the
Bonds and the Mortgage Indenture. The Bonds and the Mortgage Indenture conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

(u) Material Changes or Material Transactions. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except as may otherwise be stated therein or contemplated thereby, (i) there has been no material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business
affairs or business prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business (a Material Adverse Change), and (ii) there have been no transactions
entered into by the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise (other than those in the ordinary course of business) that are material with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise. 

(v) No Defaults. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiary is in violation of its articles of incorporation, charter or by-laws. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, neither the Company nor the Subsidiary is in default in the performance or observance of
any obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any contract, indenture, mortgage, loan agreement, note, lease or other instrument to which the Company or the Subsidiary is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to
which any of the property or assets of the Company or the Subsidiary is subject (each, an Agreement or Instrument and, collectively, the Agreements and Instruments). The execution and delivery of this Agreement,
the Mortgage Indenture and the Bonds and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and therein have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not and will not conflict with or constitute a breach of, or default
under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance (except pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage Indenture) upon any property or assets of the Company or the Subsidiary pursuant to, any material Agreements and
Instruments, nor will such action result in any violation of the provisions of the articles of incorporation, charter or by-laws, as they may be then amended or in effect, of the Company or the Subsidiary or
any applicable law, administrative regulation or administrative or court order or decree. 

(w) Regulatory Approvals. The Company
has obtained all necessary consents, orders or approvals in connection with the issuance and sale of the Bonds, and no consent, approval, authorization, order or decree of any other court or governmental agency or body is required for the
consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except such as may be required under state securities or blue sky laws. 

8 

(x) Legal Proceedings; Contracts. Except as may be set forth, incorporated or deemed
incorporated by reference in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there is no action, suit or proceeding before or by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, now pending, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened
against or affecting, the Company or its subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to result in any Material Adverse Change, or might materially and adversely affect its properties or assets or would reasonably be expected to materially and
adversely affect the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and there are no contracts or documents that are required to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement by the Securities Act that have not been so filed.

(y) Franchises. The Company and the Subsidiary hold, to the extent required, valid and subsisting franchises, certificates of
convenience and authority, licenses and permits authorizing them to carry on the regulated utility businesses in which they are engaged in the territories from which substantially all of the Companys consolidated gross operating revenue is
derived, except where the failure to hold such franchises, certificates of convenience and authority, licenses and permits would not result in a Material Adverse Change. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings
relating to the revocation or modification of any such franchise, certificate of convenience and authority, license or permit that, individually or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision ruling or finding, reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Change, except as set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

(z) Environmental Laws.
Except as described, incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change,
(i) neither the Company nor the Subsidiary is in violation of any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, policy or rule of common law or any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including
any judicial or administrative order, consent, decree or judgment, relating to pollution or protection of human health, the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata) or
wildlife, including, without limitation, laws and regulations relating to the release or threatened release of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, wastes, toxic substances, hazardous substances, petroleum or petroleum products, asbestos-containing
materials or mold (collectively, Hazardous Materials) or to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials (collectively, Environmental
Laws), (ii) the Company and the Subsidiary have all permits, authorizations and approvals required under any applicable Environmental Laws and are each in compliance with their requirements, (iii) there are no pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters, claims, liens, notices of noncompliance or violation, investigation or proceedings relating to any Environmental Law against the
Company or the Subsidiary and (iv) there are no events or circumstances that would reasonably be expected to form the basis of an order for clean-up or remediation, or an action, suit or proceeding by any
private party or governmental body or agency, against or affecting the Company or the Subsidiary relating to Hazardous Materials or any Environmental Laws. 

(aa) Investment Company Act. The Company is not and, upon the issuance and sale of the Bonds as contemplated herein and the application
of the net proceeds thereof as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, will not be, required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

9 

(bb) ERISA. The Company and the Subsidiary are in compliance in all material respects
with all presently applicable provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, including the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (ERISA); no reportable event (as such term
is defined in ERISA) has occurred with respect to any pension plan (as such term is defined in ERISA) for which the Company or the Subsidiary would have any material liability; the Company and the Subsidiary have not incurred and do not
expect to incur any material liability under (i) Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of, or withdrawal from, any pension plan or (ii) Section 412 or 4971 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including
the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (the Code); and each pension plan for which the Company or the Subsidiary would have any liability that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of
the Code is so qualified in all material respects and nothing has occurred, whether by action or by failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification. 

(cc) Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiary carry, or are covered by, insurance in such amounts and covering such risks as is
adequate for the conduct of their respective businesses and the value of their respective properties. 

(dd) Taxes. The Company and
the Subsidiary have filed all federal, state and local income and franchise tax returns required to be filed through the date hereof and have paid all taxes due thereon, except such as are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings or
for which an extension has been requested, and no tax deficiency has been determined adversely to the Company or the Subsidiary that has had, nor does the Company have any knowledge of any tax deficiency that, if determined adversely to the Company
or the Subsidiary, would reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Change. 

(ee) Internal Controls. Each of the
Company and the Subsidiary (i) makes and keeps accurate books and records and (ii) maintains internal accounting controls that provide reasonable assurance that (A) transactions are executed in accordance with managements
authorization, (B) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of its financial statements and to maintain accountability for its assets, (C) access to its assets is permitted only in accordance with managements
authorization and (D) the reported accountability for its assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals. Except as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, since the end of the Companys most recent audited
fiscal year, there has been (A) no material weakness in the Companys internal control over financial reporting (whether or not remediated) and (B) no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. 

(ff)
Sarbanes-Oxley. The Company is in compliance, in all material respects, with all applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith, including Section 402 related to
loans, and the requirement that the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries maintain the following, among other, controls and procedures: 

10 

(i) a system of internal accounting controls as contemplated in
Section 13(b)(2)(B) of the Exchange Act; 

(ii) disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined
in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act); and 

(iii) internal control over
financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act). 

(gg)
Pending Proceedings and Examinations. The Company has not received notice from the Commission that the Registration Statement is the subject of a pending proceeding or examination under Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the Securities Act, and the
Company is not the subject of a pending proceeding under Section 8A of the Securities Act in connection with the offering of the Bonds. 

(hh) Ratings. The Bonds will be rated as described in the Final Term Sheet (as defined herein).

(ii) Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. None of the Company, the Subsidiary nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer,
agent, employee, affiliate or other person associated with or acting on behalf of the Company or the Subsidiary has (i) made any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political activity, (ii) made
any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds, (iii) violated or is in violation of any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended,
(iv) violated or is in violation of any provision of the Bribery Act 2010 of the United Kingdom or (v) made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment.

(jj) Money Laundering Laws.The operations of the Company, the Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, its other
subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with the requirements of applicable anti-money laundering laws, including, without limitation, the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended by the USA PATRIOT ACT of 2001, and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder and the anti-money laundering laws of the various jurisdictions in which the Company and its subsidiaries conduct business (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), and no action, suit or
proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or the Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the Company, any of its other subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is
pending or threatened.

(kk) OFAC. None of the Company, the Subsidiary nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director,
officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or the Subsidiary is currently the subject or the target of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Government, including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of
the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC), or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the offering of the Bonds
hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to the Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity (i) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any person, or in any country or territory,
that, at the time of such funding, is the subject or the target of Sanctions or (ii) in any other manner that will result in a violation by any person (including any person participating in the transaction, whether as underwriter, advisor,
investor or otherwise) of Sanctions. 

11 

(ll) eXtensible Business Reporting Language. The interactive data in eXtensible
Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with
the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. 

(mm) Cybersecurity. (i) (A) Except as disclosed in the
Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or the Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks,
hardware, software, data (including the data of their respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of them), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data)
and (B) the Company and the Subsidiary have not been notified of, and have no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to their IT Systems and Data, except as
would not, in the case of this clause (i), reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiary are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and
regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from
unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, in the case of this clause (ii), individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and (iii) the Company and the
Subsidiary have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology reasonably consistent with industry standards and practices. 

Any
certificate signed by any director or officer of the Company and delivered to the Underwriters or to counsel for the Underwriters shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered thereby on
the date of such certificate and, unless subsequently amended or supplemented, at each Representation Date subsequent thereto. 

SECTION 2. Purchase, Sale and Delivery of the Bonds.

(a) The Bonds. The Company agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, severally and not jointly, all of the Bonds
upon the terms herein set forth. On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, and upon the terms but subject to the conditions herein set forth, the Underwriters agree, severally and not jointly, to purchase from
the Company the aggregate principal amount of Bonds set forth opposite their names on Schedule A hereto, plus any additional principal amount of Bonds that such Underwriter may become obligated to purchase pursuant to Section 9 hereof, at a
purchase price of 98.973% of the principal amount of the Bonds, payable on the Closing Date. 

12 

(b) The Closing Date. Delivery of one or more certificates for the Bonds in
global form to be purchased by the Underwriters and payment therefor shall be made at the offices of Bracewell LLP, 31 West 52nd Street, New York, New York (or such other place as may be agreed to by the Company and the Representatives) at
10:00 a.m., New York City time, on March 13, 2025, or such other time and date as the Underwriters and the Company shall mutually agree (the time and date of such closing are called the Closing Date). 

(c) Public Offering of the Bonds. The Representatives hereby advise the Company that the Underwriters intend to offer for
sale to the public, as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, their respective portions of the Bonds as soon after this Agreement has been executed as the Representatives, in their sole judgment, have determined is advisable and
practicable. 

(d) Payment for the Bonds. Payment for the Bonds shall be made at the Closing Date by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to the order of the Company. It is understood that the Representatives have been authorized, for their own accounts and for the accounts of the several Underwriters, to accept delivery of and receipt for, and make payment of the
purchase price for, the Bonds that the Underwriters have agreed to purchase. The Representatives may (but shall not be obligated to) make payment for any Bonds to be purchased by any Underwriter whose funds shall not have been received by the
Representatives by the Closing Date for the account of such Underwriter, but any such payment shall not relieve such Underwriter from any of its obligations under this Agreement. 

(e) Delivery of the Bonds. The Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Representatives for the accounts of the several
Underwriters through the facilities of the Depositary one or more certificates for the Bonds at the Closing Date, against the irrevocable release of a wire transfer of immediately available funds for the amount of the purchase price therefor. The
certificate for the Bonds shall be a definitive global certificate in book-entry form for clearance through the Depositary. Time shall be of the essence, and delivery at the time and place specified in this Agreement is a further condition to the
obligations of the Underwriters. 

SECTION 3. Covenants of the Company.

The Company covenants and agrees with each Underwriter as follows: 

(a) Compliance with Securities Regulations and Commission Requests. The Company, subject to Section 3(b) hereof, will comply
with the requirements of Rule 430B of the Securities Act, and will promptly notify the Representatives, and confirm the notice in writing, of (i) the effectiveness during the Prospectus Delivery Period (as such term is defined herein) of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or the filing of any supplement or amendment to any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, (ii) the receipt of any comments from the Commission during
the Prospectus Delivery Period, (iii) any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or for additional information and (iv) the
issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of
the Bonds for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the 

13 

initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes. The Company will promptly effect the filings necessary pursuant to Rule 424 and will take such steps as it deems necessary
to ascertain promptly whether any Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424 was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, it will promptly file such document. The Company will use
every reasonable effort to prevent the issuance of any stop order and, if any stop order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment. 

(b) Representatives Review of Proposed Amendments and Supplements. During the period beginning on the date
of this Agreement and ending on the later of the Closing Date or such date, as in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters, a prospectus relating to the Bonds is no longer required by law to be delivered in connection with sales of the Bonds by
an Underwriter or dealer, including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172 of the Securities Act (the Prospectus Delivery Period), prior to amending or supplementing the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (including any amendment or supplement through incorporation by reference of any report filed under the Exchange Act), the Company shall furnish, within a reasonable time prior to filing such
amendment or supplement, to the Representatives for review a copy of each such proposed amendment or supplement, and the Company shall not file or use any such proposed amendment or supplement (except for any amendment or supplement filed under the
Exchange Act after the Closing Date) to which the Representatives or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably object. 

(c)
Delivery of Registration Statements. If requested, the Company will furnish or deliver to the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters, without charge, copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each
amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith or incorporated by reference therein and documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein) and copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also deliver to
the Representatives, without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to
the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by the Commissions Regulation S-T.

(d) Delivery of Prospectuses. The Company will deliver to each Underwriter, without charge, as many copies of each Preliminary
Prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request, and the Company hereby consents to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the Securities Act. The Company will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge, during the Prospectus
Delivery Period, such number of copies of the Prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request. Each Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any
electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by the Commissions Regulation S-T.

14 

(e) Continued Compliance with Securities Laws. The Company will comply with the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Bonds as contemplated in this Agreement and the Prospectus. If, at any time during the Prospectus Delivery Period, any event shall occur or condition shall
exist as a result of which it is necessary to amend the Registration Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or to amend or supplement the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order that the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, will not include an untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing at the Initial Sale Time or at the time it is delivered or conveyed to a purchaser, not misleading, or if it shall be
necessary at any such time to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order to comply with the requirements of the Securities Act, the Company will (i) notify the Representatives of
any such event, development or condition, (ii) promptly prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section 3(b) hereof, such amendment or supplement (including by filing under the Exchange Act any document incorporated by reference
in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus) as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus comply with such requirements and (iii) the Company will
furnish to the Underwriters, without charge, such number of copies of such amendment or supplement to the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus as the Underwriters may reasonably request. 

(f) Blue Sky Compliance. The Company shall cooperate with the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters to qualify or register
the Bonds for sale under (or obtain exemptions from the application of) the state securities or blue sky laws of those jurisdictions designated by the Representatives, shall comply with such laws and shall continue such qualifications, registrations
and exemptions in effect so long as required for the distribution of the Bonds. The Company shall not be required to qualify to transact business or to take any action that would subject it to general service of process in any such jurisdiction
where it is not presently qualified or where it would be subject to taxation as a foreign business. The Company will advise the Representatives promptly of the suspension of the qualification or registration of (or any such exemption relating to)
the Bonds for offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or any initiation or threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, and in the event of the issuance of any order suspending such qualification, registration or exemption, the Company shall
use every reasonable effort to obtain the withdrawal thereof at the earliest possible moment. 

(g) Use of Proceeds. The Company
shall apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Bonds sold by it in the manner described under the caption Use of Proceeds in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

(h) Depositary. The Company will cooperate with the Underwriters and use every reasonable effort to permit the Bonds to be eligible for
clearance and settlement through the facilities of the Depositary. 

(i) Periodic Reporting Obligations. During the Prospectus
Delivery Period and subject to Section 3(b) hereof, the Company shall file, on a timely basis, with the Commission all reports and documents required to be filed under the Exchange Act. 

15 

(j) Agreement Not to Offer or Sell Additional Securities. During the period
commencing on the date hereof and ending on the Closing Date, the Company will not, without the prior written consent of the Representatives (which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Representatives), directly or indirectly, sell,
offer, contract or grant any option to sell, transfer or establish an open put equivalent position within the meaning of Rule 16a-1(h) of the Exchange Act, or otherwise dispose of or transfer, or
announce the offering of, or file any registration statement under the Securities Act in respect of, any debt securities of the Company similar to the Bonds or securities exchangeable for or convertible into debt securities similar to the Bonds,
other than as contemplated by this Agreement with respect to the Bonds. The foregoing sentence shall not apply to the Notes or the Note Offering. 

(k) Final Term Sheet. The Company will prepare a final term sheet containing only a description of the Bonds, in substantially the form
previously agreed to by the Company and the Representatives, and will file such term sheet pursuant to Rule 433(d) within the time required by Rule 433 (the Final Term Sheet). The Final Term Sheet is an Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus for purposes of this Agreement. 

(l) Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company represents that it has not made,
and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Representatives, and each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, represents that it has not made, and agrees with the Company that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of
the Company, it will not make, any offer relating to the Bonds that would constitute an issuer free writing prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus (as those terms are defined in Rule 405)
required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by the Company under Rule 433; provided that the prior written consent of the Representatives shall be deemed to have been given in respect of the Issuer General Use Free Writing
Prospectuses and the Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectuses identified in Annex I hereto. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Representatives is hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Free Writing
Prospectus. The Company agrees that it has (i) treated and will treat, as the case may be, each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and (ii) complied and will comply, as the case may be, with
the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 of the Securities Act applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the Commission, legending and record keeping. 

(m) Notice of Inability to Use Automatic Shelf Registration Statement Form. If at any time during the Prospectus Delivery Period the
Company receives from the Commission a notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) or otherwise ceases to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form, the Company will (i) promptly notify the Representatives, (ii) promptly
file a new registration statement or post-effective amendment on the proper form relating to the Bonds, in a form satisfactory to the Representatives, (iii) use its best efforts to cause such registration statement or post-effective amendment
to be declared effective and (iv) promptly notify the Representatives of such effectiveness. The Company will take all other action necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Bonds to continue as contemplated in the
registration statement that was the subject of the Rule 401(g)(2) notice or for which the Company has otherwise become ineligible. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new registration statement or post-effective
amendment, as the case may be. 

16 

(n) Registration Statement Renewal Deadline. If immediately prior to the third
anniversary (the Renewal Deadline) of the initial effective date of the Registration Statement, any of the Bonds remain unsold by the Underwriters, the Company will prior to the Renewal Deadline file, if it has not already done so
and is eligible to do so, a new automatic shelf registration statement relating to the Bonds, in a form satisfactory to the Representatives. If the Company is no longer eligible to file an automatic shelf registration statement, the Company will
prior to the Renewal Deadline, if it has not already done so, file a new shelf registration statement relating to the Bonds, in a form satisfactory to the Representatives, and will use its best efforts to cause such registration statement to be
declared effective within 60 days after the Renewal Deadline. The Company will take all other action necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Bonds to continue as contemplated in the expired registration statement
relating to the Bonds. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new automatic shelf registration statement or such new shelf registration statement, as the case may be. 

(o) Filing Fees. The Company agrees to pay the required Commission filing fees relating to the Bonds within the time required by
Rule 456(b)(1) of the Securities Act without regard to the proviso therein and otherwise in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r) of the Securities Act. 

(p) No Manipulation of Price. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or result in, or
that has constituted or might reasonably be expected to constitute, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Bonds. 

(q) Earning Statement. The Company will make generally available to the Companys security holders and to the Representatives as
soon as practicable an earning statement covering a period of at least twelve months beginning with the first fiscal quarter of the Company occurring after the date of this Agreement that will satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the
Securities Act. 

The Representatives, on behalf of the several Underwriters, may, in their sole discretion, waive in writing the
performance by the Company of any one or more of the foregoing covenants or extend the time for their performance. 

SECTION 4. Payment of Expenses. The Company agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred in
connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, (i) all expenses incident to the issuance and delivery of the Bonds (including all printing
and engraving costs), (ii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the issuance and sale of the Bonds to the Underwriters, (iii) all fees and expenses of the Companys counsel, independent public or certified
public accountants and other advisors to the Company, (iv) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping and distribution of the Registration Statement (including financial statements, exhibits,
schedules, consents and certificates of experts), each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, each Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, and all amendments and supplements thereto, and this Agreement, the Mortgage Indenture, the DTC Agreement and the
Bonds, (v) all filing fees, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Company or the Underwriters in connection with qualifying or registering (or obtaining exemptions from the qualification or registration of) all or any
part of the Bonds for offer and sale under the state securities or blue sky laws, and, if requested by the Representatives, preparing a 

17 

Blue Sky Survey or memorandum, and any supplements thereto, advising the Underwriters of such qualifications, registrations and exemptions, (vi) the filing fees incident to, and
the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Underwriters in connection with, the review, if any, by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) of the terms of the sale of the Bonds, (vii) the fees
and expenses of the Trustee, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Trustee in connection with the Mortgage Indenture and the Bonds, (viii) any fees payable in connection with the rating of the Bonds with the ratings
agencies, (ix) all fees and expenses (including reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) of the Company in connection with approval of the Bonds by the Depositary for book-entry transfer, (x) all other applicable fees, costs
and expenses referred to in Item 14 of Part II of the Registration Statement, (xi) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Representatives with
respect to any road show, including expenses relating to slide production, internet road show taping and travel, and (xii) all other fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder for which
provision is not otherwise made in this Section 4. Except as provided in this Section 4, Section 6, Section 7 and Section 8 hereof, the Underwriters shall pay their own expenses, including the fees and disbursements of their
counsel. 

SECTION 5. Conditions of the Obligations of the Underwriters.The obligations of the several
Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Bonds as provided herein on the Closing Date shall be subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section 1 hereof as of each Representation Date
as though then made and to the timely performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to each of the following additional conditions: 

(a) Effectiveness of Registration Statement. The Registration Statement shall remain effective under the Securities Act and no stop
order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or be pending or threatened by the Commission, any request on the part of
the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of counsel to the Underwriters and the Company shall not have received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) objecting to use
of the automatic shelf registration statement form. 

(b) Filings under Rule 424 and Rule 433. For the period from the Execution
Time to the Closing Date: 

(i) the Company shall have filed any Preliminary Prospectus not previously filed and the
Prospectus with the Commission (including the information required by Rule 430B of the Securities Act) in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (or the Company shall have filed a post-effective amendment to the Registration
Statement containing the information required by such Rule 430B, and such post-effective amendment shall have become effective); and 

(ii) the Final Term Sheet and any other material required to be filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 433(d) shall have been
filed with the Commission within the applicable time periods prescribed for such filings under Rule 433. 

18 

(c) Accountants Comfort Letter. On the date hereof, the
Representatives shall have received from Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent public or certified public accountants for the Company, a letter dated the date hereof addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance satisfactory to the
Representatives with respect to the audited and any unaudited consolidated financial statements and certain financial information of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus and the
Prospectus. 

(d) Bring-down Comfort Letter. On the Closing Date, the Representatives
shall have received from Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent public or certified public accountants for the Company, a letter dated such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives, to the effect that they reaffirm the
statements made in the letter furnished by them pursuant to Section 5(c) hereof, except that the specified date referred to therein for the carrying out of procedures shall be no more than two business days prior to the Closing Date and in any
case no earlier than the date hereof. 

(e) No Material Adverse Change or Ratings Agency Change. For the period from the Execution
Time to the Closing Date: 

(i) in the judgment of the Representatives, there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse
Change, except as reflected in or contemplated by the Disclosure Package; and 

(ii) there shall not have occurred any
downgrading, nor shall any notice have been given of any intended or potential downgrading or of any review for a possible change that does not indicate the direction of the possible change, in the rating accorded any securities of the Company by
any nationally recognized statistical rating organization (as such term is defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act). 

(f) Opinion of Counsel for the Company. On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received the favorable opinions of
(i) Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP, counsel for the Company, dated the Closing Date, the form of which is attached as Exhibit A-1, and (ii) Heather A. Humphrey, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and
Corporate Secretary of the Company, dated the Closing Date, the form of which is attached as Exhibit A-2.

(g) Opinion of Counsel for the Underwriters. On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received the favorable opinion of
Bracewell LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, dated the Closing Date, with respect to such matters as may be reasonably requested by the Underwriters. 

(h) Officers Certificate. On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received a written certificate executed by the
Chief Executive Officer, President or a Vice President of the Company and the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer or Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer of the Company, dated the Closing Date, to the effect that, to the best of their
knowledge after reasonable investigation: 

(i) the Company has received no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement, and no proceedings for such purpose have been instituted or threatened by the Commission; 

19 

(ii) the Company has not received from the Commission any notice pursuant to
Rule 401(g)(2) objecting to use of the automatic shelf registration statement form; 

(iii) for the period from the
Execution Time to the Closing Date, there has not occurred any downgrading, and the Company has not received any notice of any intended or potential downgrading or of any review for a possible change that does not indicate the direction of the
possible change, in the rating accorded any securities of the Company by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization (as such term is defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act); 

(iv) for the period from the Execution Time to the Closing Date, there has not occurred any Material Adverse Change; 

(v) the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 1 hereof are true and correct with the same
force and effect as though expressly made on and as of the Closing Date; and 

(vi) the Company has complied with all the
agreements hereunder and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date. 

(i) Recordation of the Supplemental Indenture. The Company shall have caused the Supplemental Indenture to be duly recorded and filed
in each place in which such recording or filing is required to establish, protect and preserve the lien of the Mortgage Indenture on the Mortgaged Property. 

(j) Additional Documents. On or before the Closing Date, the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters shall have received such
information, documents and opinions as they may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling such counsel to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Bonds as contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations
and warranties, or the satisfaction of any of the conditions or agreements, herein contained. 

If any condition specified in this
Section 5 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability on the
part of any party to any other party, except that Section 4, Section 6, Section 7, Section 8 and Section 16 hereof shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination. 

SECTION 6. Reimbursement of Underwriters Expenses. If this Agreement is terminated by the
Representatives pursuant to Section 5, Section 10(i) or Section 10(iv) hereof, the Company agrees to reimburse the Representatives and the other Underwriters, severally, upon demand for all out-of-pocket expenses that shall have been reasonably incurred by the Representatives and the Underwriters in connection with the proposed purchase and the offering and sale of the Bonds, including, without
limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel, printing expenses, travel expenses, postage, facsimile and telephone charges. 

20 

SECTION 7. Indemnification. 

(a) Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its directors, officers,
employees and agents, and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as incurred, to which such Underwriter, director,
officer, employee, agent or controlling person may become subject, insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based upon (i) any untrue statement or
alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment or supplement thereto, including any information deemed to be a part thereof pursuant to Rule 430B of the Securities Act, or the omission or
alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any Preliminary
Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and to reimburse each Underwriter, its officers, directors, employees, agents and controlling persons for any and all expenses (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel
chosen by the Representatives) as such expenses are reasonably incurred by such Underwriter, officer, director, employee, agent or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim,
damage, liability, expense or action; provided, however, that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense to the extent, but only to the extent, arising out of or based upon any untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration
Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), it being understood and agreed that the only such information consists of the information described in
Section 7(b) hereof. The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 7(a) shall be in addition to any liabilities that the Company may otherwise have. 

(b) Indemnification of the Company, its Directors and Officers. Each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and
hold harmless the Company, its directors, its officers who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, against any loss, claim, damage, liability
or expense, as incurred, to which the Company, or any such director, officer or controlling person may become subject, insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or
is based upon (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the
Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in
each case to the extent, and only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue 

21 

statement or omission or alleged omission was made in the Registration Statement, such Preliminary Prospectus, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or
supplement thereto), in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use therein; and to reimburse the Company, such director, officer or
controlling person for any and all expenses (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Company) as such expenses are reasonably incurred by the Company, such director, officer or controlling person in connection with
investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action. The Company hereby acknowledges that the only information that the Underwriters have furnished to the Company in writing expressly
for use in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) are the statements set forth in the fifth paragraph, the seventh paragraph, the third
sentence of the ninth paragraph and the tenth paragraph, each under the caption Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest) in the Prospectus. The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 7(b) shall be in addition to any liabilities
that each Underwriter may otherwise have. 

(c) Notifications and Other Indemnification Procedures. Promptly after receipt by an
indemnified party under this Section 7 of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying party under this Section 7, notify the indemnifying party
in writing of the commencement thereof; but the failure to so notify the indemnifying party (i) will not relieve it from liability under Section 7(a) or 7(b) hereof unless and to the extent it did not otherwise learn of such action and
such failure results in the forfeiture by the indemnifying party of substantial rights and defenses and (ii) will not, in any event, relieve the indemnifying party from any liability other than the indemnification obligation provided in
Section 7(a) or 7(b) hereof. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party and such indemnified party seeks or intends to seek indemnity from an indemnifying party, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in,
and, to the extent that it shall elect, jointly with all other indemnifying parties similarly notified, by written notice delivered to the indemnified party promptly after receiving the aforesaid notice from such indemnified party, to assume the
defense thereof with counsel satisfactory to such indemnified party; provided, however, such indemnified party shall have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action and to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and
expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such indemnified party, unless (i) the employment of such counsel has been specifically authorized by the indemnifying party, (ii) the indemnifying party has failed promptly to assume the
defense and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party or (iii) the named parties to any such action (including any impleaded parties) include both such indemnified party and the indemnifying party or any affiliate of the
indemnifying party, and such indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded that either (x) there may be one or more legal defenses available to it that are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party or such
affiliate of the indemnifying party or (y) a conflict may exist between such indemnified party and the indemnifying party or such affiliate of the indemnifying party (it being understood, however, that the indemnifying party shall not, in
connection with any one such action or separate but substantially similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances, be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of
attorneys (in addition to a single firm of local counsel) for all such indemnified parties, which firm shall be designated in writing by (i) the Representatives, in the case of indemnification pursuant to Section 7(a) hereof or
(ii) the Company, in the case of indemnification pursuant to Section 7(b) hereof, and that all such reasonable fees and expenses shall be reimbursed as they are incurred). 

22 

(d) Settlements. The indemnifying party under this Section 7 shall not be liable
for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there is a final judgment for the plaintiff, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify the indemnified party against any loss, claim,
damage, liability or expense by reason of such settlement or judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of
counsel as contemplated by Section 7(c) hereof, the indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 45 days after
receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such settlement at least 30 days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying
party shall not have reimbursed the indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement, compromise or
consent to the entry of judgment in any pending or threatened action, suit or proceeding in respect of which any indemnified party is or could have been a party and indemnity was or could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party, unless
such settlement, compromise or consent (A) includes an unconditional release of such indemnified party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such action, suit or proceeding and (B) does not include a statement as to
or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any indemnified party. 

SECTION 8.
Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in Section 7 hereof is for any reason unavailable to or otherwise insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses
referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate amount paid or payable by such indemnified party, as incurred, as a result of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein (i) in
such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, from the offering of the Bonds pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided
by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the
Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions that resulted in such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the
Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the offering of the Bonds pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of the
Bonds pursuant to this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Company, and the total underwriting discount received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth on the front cover page of the Prospectus bear to the aggregate initial
public offering price of the Bonds as set forth on such cover. The relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company, on the one hand, or the Underwriters, on the other hand, and the parties relative intent, knowledge,
access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. 

23 

The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses, claims, damages,
liabilities and expenses referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 7(c) hereof, any legal or other fees or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with investigating or
defending any action or claim. The provisions set forth in Section 7(c) hereof with respect to notice of commencement of any action shall apply if a claim for contribution is to be made under this Section 8; provided, however, that
no additional notice shall be required with respect to any action for which notice has been given under Section 7(c) hereof for purposes of indemnification. 

The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 8 were determined
by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation that does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 8. 

Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 8, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the underwriting
discount received by such Underwriter in connection with the Bonds underwritten by it and distributed to the public. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled
to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The Underwriters obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 8 are several, and not joint, in proportion to their respective underwriting
commitments as set forth opposite their names in Schedule A hereto. For purposes of this Section 8, each director, officer, employee and agent of an Underwriter and each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter, and each director of the Company, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company
within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company. 

SECTION 9. Default of One or More of the Several Underwriters. If, on the Closing Date, any one or more of
the several Underwriters shall fail or refuse to purchase Bonds that it or they have agreed to purchase hereunder on such date (the Defaulted Securities), then the Representatives shall have the right, within 36 hours thereafter,
to make arrangements for one or more of the non-defaulting Underwriters, or any other underwriters, to purchase all, but not less than all, of the aggregate principal amount of the Defaulted Securities in such
amounts as may be agreed upon and upon the terms herein set forth. 

If, however, the Underwriters shall not have completed such
arrangements within such 36-hour period, and if the aggregate principal amount of the Defaulted Securities does not exceed 10% of the aggregate principal amount of Bonds to be purchased on such date, the non-defaulting Underwriters shall be obligated, severally, in the proportion to the aggregate principal amount of the Bonds set forth opposite their respective names on Schedule A hereto bears to the aggregate
principal amount of such Bonds set forth opposite the names of all such non-defaulting Underwriters, or in such other proportions as may be specified by the Representatives with the consent of the non-defaulting Underwriters, to purchase such Bonds that such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed or refused to purchase on such date. 

24 

If, on the Closing Date, any one or more of the Underwriters shall fail or refuse to
purchase such Bonds and the aggregate principal amount of such Bonds with respect to which such default occurs exceeds 10% of the aggregate principal amount of Bonds to be purchased on such date, and arrangements satisfactory to the Representatives
and the Company for the purchase of such Bonds are not made within 48 hours after such default, this Agreement shall terminate without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Section 4, Section 7,
Section 8 and Section 16 hereof shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination. 

In any such case, either
the Representatives or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Date, but in no event for longer than seven days in order that the required changes, if any, to the Registration Statement, each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, each
Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or any other documents or arrangements may be effected. 

As used in this Agreement, the term
Underwriter shall be deemed to include any person substituted for a defaulting Underwriter under this Section 9. Any action taken under this Section 9 shall not relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in
respect of any default of such Underwriter under this Agreement. 

SECTION 10. Termination of this Agreement.
Prior to the Closing Date, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives by notice given to the Company if at any time: (i) trading or quotation in any of the Companys securities shall have been suspended or materially
limited by the New York Stock Exchange or the Commission, or trading in securities generally on the NASDAQ Global Market or the New York Stock Exchange shall have been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices shall have been
generally established on either of such stock exchanges by the Commission or FINRA; (ii) a general banking moratorium shall have been declared by any federal or New York authorities; (iii) there shall have occurred any outbreak or
escalation of national or international hostilities or any crisis or calamity, or any material adverse change in the United States or international financial markets, or any change or development involving a prospective substantial change in United
States or international political, financial or economic conditions, as in the judgment of the Representatives makes it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering, sale or delivery of the Bonds in the manner and on the terms
described in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or to enforce contracts for the sale of securities; (iv) in the judgment of the Representatives, there shall have occurred any Material Adverse Change; or (v) there shall have occurred
a material disruption in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services in the United States. Any termination pursuant to this Section 10 shall be without liability on the part of (A) the Company to any Underwriter,
except that the Company shall be obligated to reimburse the expenses of the Representatives and the Underwriters pursuant to Section 4 and Section 6 hereof, (B) any Underwriter to the Company or (C) any party hereto to any other
party except that the provisions of Section 7, Section 8 and Section 16 hereof shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination. 

25 

SECTION 11. No Fiduciary Duty; No Advisory or Fiduciary
Responsibility. The Company acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the purchase and sale of the Bonds pursuant to this Agreement, including the determination of the public offering price of the Bonds and any related discounts and
commissions, is an arms-length commercial transaction between the Company, on the one hand, and the several Underwriters, on the other hand; (ii) in connection with the offering contemplated hereby
and the process leading to such transaction each Underwriter is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the financial advisor, agent or fiduciary of the Company or its affiliates, stockholders, creditors or employees or any other party;
(iii) no Underwriter has assumed or will assume an advisory, agency or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter
has advised or is currently advising the Company on other matters) and no Underwriter has any obligation to the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement; (iv) the
several Underwriters and their respective affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company; and (v) the Underwriters have not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or
tax advice with respect to the offering contemplated hereby and the Company has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. 

The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the several
Underwriters with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty. 

SECTION 12. Representations
and Indemnities to Survive Delivery. The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Company, of its officers and of the several Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement
(i) will remain operative and in full force and effect, regardless of (A) any investigation, or statement as to the results thereof, made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or the Company or any of the officers, directors, employees,
agents or controlling persons referred to in Section 7(a) or Section 7(b) hereof, as the case may be or (B) acceptance of the Bonds and payment for them hereunder and (ii) will survive delivery of and payment for the Bonds sold
hereunder and any termination of this Agreement. 

SECTION 13. Notices. All communications hereunder
shall be in writing and shall be delivered by mail, hand or electronic means as follows: 

If to the Representatives: 

MUFG Securities Americas Inc. 

1221 Avenue of the Americas, 6th Floor 

New York, New York, 10020 

Attention: Capital Markets Group 

Facsimile: (646) 434-3455

and 

26 

PNC Capital Markets LLC 

300 Fifth Avenue, 10th Floor 

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222 

Facsimile: (412) 762-2760

Attention: Debt Capital Markets, Fixed Income Transaction Execution 

and 

Regions Securities LLC 

1180 West Peachtree St. NW, Suite 1400 

Atlanta, Georgia 30309 

Attention: Jill Maggiore 

and

TD Securities (USA) LLC 

1
Vanderbilt Avenue, 11th Floor 

New York, New York 10017 

Attention: DCMTransaction Advisory 

Email: ustransactionadvisorygroup@tdsecurities.com 

and 

Truist Securities, Inc. 

3333 Peachtree Road, NE 

Atlanta,
Georgia 30326 

Facsimile: (404) 926-4027

Attention: Investment Grade Debt Capital Markets 

and 

U.S. Bancorp Investments,
Inc. 

214 North Tryon Street, 26th Floor 

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202 

Facsimile: (877) 774-3462

Attention: High Grade Syndicate 

with a copy to: 

Bracewell LLP

31 West 52nd Street 

New
York, New York 10020-1100 

Facsimile: (800) 404-3970

Attention: Todd W. Eckland 

27 

If to the Company: 

Evergy Kansas Central, Inc. 

818
South Kansas Avenue 

Topeka, Kansas 66612 

Facsimile: (816) 556-2924

Attention: Heather A. Humphrey 

with a copy to: 

Hunton Andrews
Kurth LLP 

200 Park Avenue 

New York, New York 10166 

Facsimile: (212) 309-1024

Attention: Peter K. OBrien 

Any party hereto may change the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others. 

SECTION 14. Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto,
including any substitute Underwriters pursuant to Section 9 hereof, and to the benefit of the directors, officers, employees, agents and controlling persons referred to in Section 7 and Section 8 hereof, and in each case their
respective successors and assigns, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder. The term successors and assigns shall not include any purchaser of the Bonds as such from any of the Underwriters merely by reason
of such purchase. 

SECTION 15. Partial Unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any
Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other Section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined to be
invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable. 

SECTION 16. Governing Law Provisions. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED IN THAT STATE. 

SECTION 17. General Provisions. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to this
Agreement and supersedes all prior written or oral and all contemporaneous oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each one of which
shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act
of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid

28 

and effective for all purposes. This Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived unless
waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit. The Section headings herein are for the convenience of the parties only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. 

Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that it is a sophisticated business person who was adequately represented by counsel during
negotiations regarding the provisions hereof, including, without limitation, the indemnification provisions of Section 7 hereof and the contribution provisions of Section 8 hereof, and is fully informed regarding such provisions. Each of
the parties hereto further acknowledges that the provisions of Section 7 and Section 8 hereof fairly allocate the risks in light of the ability of the parties to investigate the Company, its affairs and its business in order to assure that
adequate disclosure has been made in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (and any amendments and supplements thereto), as required by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. 

SECTION 18. Recognition of U.S. Special Resolution Regimes. In the event that (a) any Underwriter that is a
Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the
transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States and (b) any Underwriter that is a
Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted to be exercised to no
greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. For purposes of this Section 18, (i) a
BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k), (ii) Covered Entity means (A) a covered entity (as
defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b)), (B) a covered bank (as defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b)) or (C) a covered FSI (as defined in, and
interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b)), (iii) Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable, and (iv)
U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (A) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations thereunder and (B) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations thereunder.

29 

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, kindly sign and
return to the Company the enclosed copies hereof, whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts hereof, shall become a binding agreement in accordance with its terms. 

Very truly yours,

EVERGY KANSAS CENTRAL, INC.

By: /s/ W. Bryan Buckler

Name: W. Bryan Buckler

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to
Bond Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted by the Representatives
as of the date first above written. 

MUFG SECURITIES AMERICAS INC.

PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC

REGIONS SECURITIES LLC

TD SECURITIES (USA) LLC

TRUIST SECURITIES, INC.

U.S. BANCORP INVESTMENTS, INC.

Acting as Representatives of the several Underwriters

named in Schedule A hereto.

By: MUFG Securities Americas Inc.

By: /s/ Lee Schreibstein

Name: Lee Schreibstein

Title: Managing Director

By: PNC Capital Markets LLC

By: /s/ Valerie Shadeck

Name: Valerie Shadeck

Title: Managing Director

By: Regions Securities LLC

By: /s/ Nicole Black

Name: Nicole Black

Title: Managing Director

By: TD Securities (USA) LLC

By: /s/ Luiz Lanfredi

Name: Luiz Lanfredi

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to
Bond Underwriting Agreement] 

By: 

Truist Securities, Inc.

By: 

/s/ Robert Nordlinger

Name: Robert Nordlinger

Title: Authorized Signatory

By: 

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc.

By: 

/s/ Isabella Swanson

Name: Isabella Swanson

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to
Bond Underwriting Agreement] 

SCHEDULE A 

Underwriters Aggregate

Principal

Amount of

Bonds to be

Purchased 

MUFG Securities Americas Inc. $ 48,000,000 

PNC Capital Markets LLC $ 48,000,000 

Regions Securities LLC $ 48,000,000 

TD Securities (USA) LLC $ 48,000,000 

Truist Securities, Inc. $ 48,000,000 

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. $ 48,000,000 

UMB Financial Services, Inc. $ 8,000,000 

Academy Securities, Inc. $ 4,000,000 

Total $ 300,000,000 

A-1 

ANNEX I 

LIST OF ISSUER GENERAL USE FREE WRITING PROSPECTUSES 

1. 

Final Term Sheet dated March 6, 2025 

LIST OF ISSUER LIMITED USE FREE WRITING PROSPECTUSES 

None 

I-1 

EXHIBIT A-1

Form of Opinion of Companys Counsel 

(a) The Registration Statement has become effective under the Securities Act; each of the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus has been
filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) in accordance with Rule 424(b); the Final Term Sheet has been filed pursuant to Rule 433 in accordance with Rule 433; and, to our knowledge, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement is in
effect nor are any proceedings for such purpose pending before or threatened by the Commission. 

(b) (i) The Registration Statement
(other than the financial statements, financial data, statistical data and supporting schedules included therein or omitted therefrom and other than the documents incorporated by reference therein, as to none of which we express any opinion pursuant
to this paragraph (b)), as of the date of the Underwriting Agreement, (ii) the Preliminary Prospectus (other than the financial statements, financial data, statistical data and supporting schedules included therein or omitted therefrom and
other than the documents incorporated by reference therein, as to none of which we express any opinion pursuant to this paragraph (b)), at the Initial Sale Time, and (iii) the Prospectus (other than the financial statements, financial data,
statistical data and supporting schedules included therein or omitted therefrom and other than the documents incorporated by reference therein, as to none of which we express any opinion pursuant to this paragraph (b)), as of the date of the
Prospectus Supplement and as of the date hereof, appear on their face to have complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the Trust Indenture Act), the Securities Act
and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder. 

(c) Each document incorporated by reference in the Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus (other than the financial statements, financial data, statistical data and supporting schedules included therein or omitted therefrom, as to which we express no opinion), at the respective time such document was filed
with the Commission, appeared on its face to have complied as to form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder. 

(d) The Mortgage Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act. 

(e) The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Underwriting Agreement, the Mortgage Indenture and the Bonds and the
consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated thereby (including the issuance and sale of the Bonds and the use of the proceeds from the sale of the Bonds as described in the Disclosure Package (as defined in Annex A hereto) and in
the Prospectus under the caption Use of Proceeds) and compliance by the Company with its obligations under the Underwriting Agreement, the Mortgage Indenture and the Bonds do not and will not violate any provision of Applicable Laws. As
used in this paragraph (e) and paragraph (f) below, the term Applicable Laws means the laws of the State of New York and the federal laws of the United States of America (including the Federal Power Act) that, in our experience
and without independent investigation, are normally applicable to transactions of the type contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and the Mortgage Indenture (provided that the term Applicable Laws shall not include federal or state
securities or blue sky laws, including, without limitation, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the Trust Indenture Act and the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act), and the respective rules and
regulations thereunder). 

A-1-1 

(f) No consent, approval, qualification, authorization, certificate or order of, or
registration or filing with, any court or other governmental commission or regulatory authority or agency is required under Applicable Laws for the execution and delivery by the Company of, or the performance of the Companys obligations under,
the Underwriting Agreement or the Mortgage Indenture, or for the issue and sale of the Bonds as contemplated therein. 

(g) The statements
set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the captions Description of First Mortgage Bonds and Description of the Bonds (insofar as such statements purport to summarize certain provisions of the Bonds and
the Mortgage Indenture) fairly, accurately and completely summarize in all material respects the matters therein described. 

(h) The
statements set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the captions Plan of Distribution and Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest) (insofar as such statements purport to summarize certain provisions of the
Underwriting Agreement) fairly, accurately and completely summarize in all material respects the matters therein described. 

(i) The
statements set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the caption Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations, insofar as they purport to constitute summaries of matters of United States federal income tax law,
constitute accurate and complete summaries, in all material respects, subject to the qualifications set forth therein. 

(j) The Company is
not, and will not be after giving effect to the offer and sale of the Bonds and application of the proceeds therefrom as described in the Prospectus, required to register as an investment company, as such term is defined in the
Investment Company Act. 

(k) No facts came to the attention of such counsel that gave such counsel reason to believe that (i) any
part of the Registration Statement, as of the date of the Underwriting Agreement, contained an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading, (ii) the Disclosure Package, as of the Initial Sale Time, contained an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading or (iii) the Prospectus contained, as of the date of the Underwriting Agreement, or contains, on the date hereof, an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, as of the date of the Underwriting
Agreement, or omits, on the date hereof, to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, except that in each case such counsel may express no
opinion or belief with respect to the financial statements, financial data, statistical data and supporting schedules included or incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein or omitted therefrom. 

A-1-2 

ANNEX A 

DISCLOSURE PACKAGE 

1. 

The Preliminary Prospectus. 

2. 

The Final Term Sheet. 

For purposes of determining the Disclosure Package, the information contained in the foregoing documents shall be considered
together. 

A-1-3 

EXHIBIT A-2

Form of Opinion of Heather A. Humphrey, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 

(a) The Company is a validly organized and existing corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Kansas with corporate power
and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under the Underwriting Agreement. 

(b) The Underwriting Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 

(c) The Mortgage Indenture is in due and proper form, has been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action, has been duly
and validly executed and delivered, and is a valid instrument legally binding on the Company enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other
similar laws relating to or affecting enforcement of mortgagees or other creditors rights generally and by the effect of general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at
law); provided, however, that certain remedial provisions of the Mortgage Indenture may not be enforceable, but such unenforceability will not render the Mortgage Indenture invalid as a whole or affect the judicial enforcement of (i) the
obligation of the Company to repay the principal of the Bonds, together with the interest and any premium thereon, as provided in the Bonds, (ii) the acceleration of the obligation of the Company to repay such principal, together with such
interest and premium, based upon a material default by the Company in the payment of such principal, interest or premium or (iii) the right of the Trustee to exercise its right to foreclose under the Mortgage Indenture. 

(d) The Bonds are in due and proper form; the issue and sale of the Bonds by the Company in accordance with the terms of the Underwriting
Agreement have been duly and validly approved by the necessary corporate action of the Company; the Bonds have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and, when authenticated by the Trustee in accordance with the terms of the
Mortgage Indenture and delivered against payment therefor pursuant to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable in accordance with their terms, secured by the lien of and
entitled to the benefits provided by the Mortgage Indenture, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting enforcement of mortgagees or other
creditors rights generally and by the effect of general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

(e) Except as to property acquired subsequent to the execution and delivery of the Supplemental Indenture, the Company has good and sufficient
title to, or a satisfactory easement in, the Mortgaged Property (as such term is defined in the Mortgage Indenture) (except such property as may have been disposed of or released from the lien of the Mortgage Indenture in accordance with the terms
thereof), subject only to (i) the lien of the Mortgage Indenture, 

A-2-1 

(ii) exceptions and reservations specifically set forth therein, (iii) Permitted Liens (as such term is defined in the Mortgage Indenture), (iv) leases and minor liens of judgments
not prior to the lien of the Mortgage Indenture that, in my opinion, do not interfere with the Companys business, (v) defects, irregularities and deficiencies in titles of properties and rights-of-way that, in my opinion, do not materially impair the use of such property and rights-of-way for the purposes for
which they are held by the Company and (vi) matters specified in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under Description of First Mortgage BondsPriority and Security; the description in the Mortgage Indenture of such
property is adequate to constitute the mortgage lien thereon; the Mortgage Indenture, subject only to the qualifications set forth in this paragraph (e) and to such other matters as do not materially affect the security for the Bonds,
constitutes a valid, direct first mortgage lien on the Mortgaged Property, and all property (to the extent such property constitutes Mortgaged Property) acquired by the Company after the execution and delivery of the Supplemental Indenture will,
upon such acquisition, become subject to the lien of the Mortgage Indenture to the extent provided therein, subject, however, to Permitted Liens and such other exceptions as are permitted by the Mortgage Indenture. 

(f) The Mortgage Indenture has been duly recorded and filed in each place in which such recording or filing is required to establish, protect
and preserve the lien of the Mortgage Indenture on the Mortgaged Property, and all taxes and recording or filing fees required to be paid in connection with the execution, recording or filing of the Mortgage Indenture have been duly paid. 

(g) The Subsidiary has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
incorporation, has the corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business
and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure so to qualify or to be in good standing would not
result in a Material Adverse Change; except as otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Subsidiary have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid
and non-assessable and, to the best of such counsels knowledge, such shares of capital stock are owned directly by the Company free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance
or claim; and none of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Subsidiary was issued in violation of preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder of the Subsidiary. 

(h) The Company has obtained all necessary consents, orders or approvals in connection with the issuance and sale of the Bonds. No additional
consent, approval, authorization, filing with or order of (i) the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission under the Federal Power Act, (ii) the State Corporation Commission of the State of Kansas or (iii) to the knowledge of the Company,
any court or governmental agency or body is required in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement or the Mortgage Indenture, except as may be required under securities or blue sky laws of the various states. 

A-2-2 

(i) The Company and the Subsidiary hold, to the extent required, valid and subsisting
franchises, certificates of convenience and authority, licenses and permits authorizing them to carry on the regulated utility businesses in which they are engaged, in the territories from which substantially all of their consolidated gross
operating revenue is derived, except where the failure to hold such franchises, certificates of convenience and authority, licenses and permits would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 

(j) To the best of such counsels knowledge, there are no legal or governmental proceedings pending or threatened that are required to be
disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, other than those disclosed therein, and all pending legal or governmental proceedings to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or of which any of their property is the subject
that are not described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, including ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business of the Company, are, considered in the aggregate, not material to the consolidated financial condition of the
Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

(k) To the best of such counsels knowledge, the Company is not in violation of its
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended, or in default in the performance or observance of any material obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any material Agreement or Instrument. 

(l) The execution, delivery and performance of the Underwriting Agreement, the Mortgage Indenture and the Bonds and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated therein (including the issuance and sale of the Bonds and the use of the proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Bonds as described in the Disclosure Package and in the Prospectus under the caption Use
of Proceeds) and compliance by the Company with its obligations under the Underwriting Agreement, the Mortgage Indenture and the Bonds do not and will not conflict with or violate or constitute a breach of, or default under, or result in the
creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance (other than the lien of the Mortgage Indenture) upon any property or assets of the Company or the Subsidiary pursuant to any material Agreement or Instrument or any law, any regulation or any
administrative or court order or decree known to such counsel to be applicable to the Company of any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator having jurisdiction over the Company; nor will such action result in any violation
of the provisions of the Companys Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended, or the Companys Amended and Restated By-Laws, as amended. 

(m) To the best of such counsels knowledge, there are no contracts, indentures, mortgages, loan agreements, notes, leases or other
instruments or documents required to be described or referred to in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits or incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Registration Statement other than those described or referred to
therein or filed or incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Registration Statement, the descriptions thereof or references thereto are correct in all material respects, and no default exists in the due performance or observance of any material
obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any Agreement or Instrument described, referred to, filed or incorporated by reference therein. 

In rendering such opinion, such counsel may state that such counsel expresses no opinion as to the laws of any jurisdiction other than the
laws of the State of Kansas and the federal laws of the United States of America. 

A-2-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d892895dex12.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.2
<TEXT>
EX-1.2

Exhibit 1.2 

Executed Version 

Evergy Kansas Central, Inc. 

$300,000,000 

Notes, 4.70%
Series due 2028 

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT 

dated March 6, 2025 

MUFG
Securities Americas Inc. 

PNC Capital Markets LLC 

Regions Securities LLC 

TD Securities (USA) LLC 

Truist Securities, Inc. 

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. 

Underwriting Agreement 

March 6, 2025 

MUFG Securities Americas Inc. 

PNC Capital Markets LLC 

Regions Securities LLC 

TD Securities (USA) LLC 

Truist Securities, Inc. 

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. 

As Representatives of the
several Underwriters named in Schedule A hereto 

c/o 

MUFG Securities Americas Inc.

1221 Avenue of
the Americas, 6th Floor

New York, New York, 10020 c/o 

TD Securities (USA) LLC

1 Vanderbilt Avenue,
11th Floor

New York, New York 10017

c/o 

PNC Capital Markets LLC

300 Fifth Avenue, 10th
Floor

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222 c/o 

Truist Securities, Inc.

3333 Peachtree Road,
NE

Atlanta, Georgia 30326

c/o 

Regions Securities LLC

1180 West Peachtree
Street NW, Suite 1400

Atlanta, Georgia 30309 c/o 

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc.

214 North Tryon
Street, 26th Floor

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Evergy Kansas Central, Inc., a Kansas corporation (the Company), proposes to issue and sell to the several underwriters
named in Schedule A hereto (the Underwriters), acting severally and not jointly, the respective amounts set forth in Schedule A hereto of $300,000,000aggregate principal amount of the Companys Notes, 4.70% Series due
2028 (the Notes). MUFG Securities Americas Inc., PNC Capital Markets LLC, Regions Securities LLC, TD Securities (USA) LLC, Truist Securities, Inc. and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. have agreed to act as representatives of the
several Underwriters (in such capacity, the Representatives) in connection with the offering and sale of the Notes. 

The Company is concurrently publicly offering first mortgage bonds (the Bonds) (the Bond Offering). The
offering of the Notes is not contingent upon completion of the Bond Offering, the Bond Offering is not contingent upon the completion of the offering of the Notes and the Bonds are not being offered together with the Notes. 

1 

The Notes will be issued pursuant to an Indenture, as supplemented (the Base
Indenture), dated as of August 1, 1998, between the Company (formerly Western Resources, Inc.) and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (formerly known as Bankers Trust
Company), as trustee (the Trustee). Certain terms of the Notes will be established pursuant to a first supplemental indenture, dated as of March 13, 2025 (the Supplemental Indenture), in accordance with
Article Ten of the Base Indenture (together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture). The Notes will be issued in book-entry form in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of The Depository Trust Company (the
Depositary), pursuant to the Companys Blanket Letter of Representations, dated April 8, 2020, to the Depositary (the DTC Agreement). 

The Company has prepared and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration statement on
Form S-3 (File No. 333-281614-02) to be used in connection with the public offering and sale of debt securities, including
the Notes, of the Company. Such registration statement, including the financial statements, exhibits and schedules thereto, in the form in which it became effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Securities Act), including any required information deemed to be a part of the registration statement at the time of effectiveness pursuant to Rule 430B of the Securities Act, is called
the Registration Statement. The term Base Prospectus shall mean the base prospectus dated September 1, 2021 relating to the Notes. The term Preliminary Prospectus shall mean any
preliminary prospectus supplement relating to the Notes, together with the Base Prospectus, that is filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act (Rule 424(b)). The term Prospectus
shall mean the final prospectus supplement relating to the Notes, together with the Base Prospectus, that is first filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) after the date and time that this Agreement is executed (the Execution Time) and
delivered by the parties hereto. Any reference herein to the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents that are or are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein
pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 of the Securities Act prior to 2:30 p.m. (Eastern time) on March 6, 2025 (the Initial Sale Time). All references in this Agreement to the Registration
Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, or any amendments or supplements to any of the foregoing, shall include any copy thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System
(EDGAR). 

All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information that is
contained, included or stated (or other references of like import) in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any Preliminary Prospectus shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and
schedules and other information that is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any Preliminary Prospectus, as the case may be, prior to the Initial Sale Time; and all references in this
Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any Preliminary Prospectus shall be deemed to include the filing of any document under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Exchange Act), which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any Preliminary Prospectus, as the case may be, after the
Initial Sale Time. 

2 

The Company hereby confirms its agreements with the Underwriters as follows: 

SECTION 1. Representations and Warranties of the Company. 

The Company hereby represents, warrants and covenants to each Underwriter as of the date hereof, as of the Initial Sale Time and as of the Closing Date (as
such term is defined herein) (in each case, a RepresentationDate), as follows: 

(a) Well-Known Seasoned
Issuer. (i) At the time of filing the Registration Statement, (ii) at the time of the most recent amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act (whether such amendment was by
post-effective amendment, incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or form of prospectus), (iii) at the time the Company or any person acting on its behalf (within the meaning, for this clause only, of Rule
163(c) of the Securities Act) made any offer relating to the Notes in reliance on the exemption of Rule 163 of the Securities Act, and (iv) as of the Execution Time (with such date being used as the determination date for purposes of this
clause (iv)), the Company was and is a well-known seasoned issuer (as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act (Rule 405)). The Registration Statement is an
automatic shelf registration statement (as such term is defined in Rule 405), the Company has not received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the Securities Act (Rule 401(g)(2)) objecting to
use of the automatic shelf registration statement form and the Company has not otherwise ceased to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form. 

(b) Compliance with Registration Requirements. The Company meets the requirements for use of Form
S-3 of the Securities Act and the Notes have been duly registered under the Securities Act pursuant to the Registration Statement. The Registration Statement has become effective under the Securities Act and
no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, are contemplated or
threatened by the Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information has been complied with. The Registration Statement was initially filed with the Commission on August 16, 2024. In addition, the Indenture has
been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Trust Indenture Act). 

At the respective times the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendments thereto became effective and at each Representation Date,
the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto (i) complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Trust Indenture Act, and (ii) did not and will not contain an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. Neither the Prospectus nor any amendments or supplements thereto, at the time the Prospectus or any such
amendment or supplement was issued and at the Closing Date, included or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the representations and warranties in this Section 1(b) shall not apply to (A) that part of the Registration Statement that constitutes the Statement
of Eligibility on Form T-1 of the Trustee 

3 

under the Trust Indenture Act or (B) statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or the Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto
made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company in writing by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any
Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 7(b) hereof. 

Each Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, at the time each
was filed with the Commission, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act, and each Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with the offering of the Notes will, at the time of such
delivery, be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by the Commissions Regulation S-T.

(c) Disclosure Package. The term Disclosure Package shall mean (i) the Preliminary Prospectus dated
March 6, 2025, (ii) each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (as such term is defined below) identified as an Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus in Annex I hereto (each, an Issuer General Use Free Writing
Prospectus) and (iii) any other free writing prospectus that the parties hereto shall hereafter expressly agree in writing to treat as part of the Disclosure Package. The term Issuer Free Writing Prospectus shall
mean any issuer free writing prospectus (as such term is defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act (Rule 433)) relating to the Notes that (A) is required to be filed with the Commission by the Company or
(B) is a road show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i), whether or not required to be filed with the Commission, in each case in the form filed or required to be filed with the Commission or, if
not required to be so filed, in the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to Rule 433(g). The term Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus shall mean any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not an Issuer
General Use Free Writing Prospectus as identified in Annex I hereto. At the Initial Sale Time, neither (1) the Disclosure Package nor (2) any individual Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus, when considered with the Disclosure
Package, included any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The preceding sentence
does not apply to statements in or omissions from the Disclosure Package or any Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company in writing by any Underwriter through the
Representatives specifically for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by or on behalf of any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 7(b) hereof. 

(d) Incorporated Documents. The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, any
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus (i) at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, complied or will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and (ii) when read together with the
other information in the Disclosure Package, at the Initial Sale Time, and when read together with the other information in the Prospectus, at the date of the Prospectus and at the Closing Date, did not or will not include an untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

4 

(e) Not an Ineligible Issuer. (i) At the earliest time after the filing of the
Registration Statement that the Company or another offering participant makes a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the Securities Act) of the Notes and (ii) as of the Execution Time (with such date being used as the
determination date for purposes of this clause (ii)), the Company was not or is not an ineligible issuer (as such term is defined in Rule 405), without taking account of any determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 that it is
not necessary that the Company be considered such an ineligible issuer. 

(f) Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. Each Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus, as of its issue date and at all subsequent times through the completion of the public offering and sale of Notes or until any earlier date that the Company notified or notifies the Representatives as described in the next
sentence, did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus. If at any time following
issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, any
Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, the Company has promptly notified or will promptly notify the Representatives and has promptly amended or supplemented or will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict. The foregoing two sentences do not apply to statements in or omissions from any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company in writing by any
Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 7(b) hereof. 

(g) No Applicable Registration or Other Similar Rights. There are no persons with registration or other similar rights to have any
equity or debt securities registered for sale under the Registration Statement or included in the offering contemplated by this Agreement, except for such rights as have been duly waived. 

(h) Due Incorporation and Qualification. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good
standing under the laws of the state of Kansas with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its
obligations under this Agreement, the Indenture and the Notes; and the Company is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of
the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure to so qualify and be in good standing would not result in a Material Adverse Change (as defined herein). 

(i) Subsidiaries. Evergy Kansas South, Inc. (the Subsidiary) is a significant subsidiary (as such term
is defined in Rule 1-02 of the Commissions Regulation S-X) of the Company. The Subsidiary has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in
good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, has corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and is duly qualified
as a foreign corporation to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason 

5 

of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure so to qualify or to be in good standing would not result in a Material Adverse Change; except as
otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Subsidiary have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and
non-assessable and are owned directly by the Company free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity; and none of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Subsidiary was issued in violation of preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder of the Subsidiary. The Company has no other significant subsidiaries (as such term is defined in Rule
1-02 of the Commissions Regulation S-X) other than the Subsidiary. 

(j) Capitalization. The authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company is as set forth in the Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus. The shares of issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; none of the outstanding shares of capital
stock of the Company was issued in violation of preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder of the Company. 

(k)
Accountants. The accountants who issued their reports on the financial statements of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus are an independent registered public accounting firm with
respect to the Company, as required by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). 

(l) Financial Statements. The financial statements and any supporting schedules of the Company included or incorporated by reference in
the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of the dates indicated and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods
specified; except as stated therein, such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis; and any supporting schedules
included in the Registration Statement present fairly, in all material respects, the information required to be stated therein. The selected financial data and the summary financial information included or incorporated by reference in the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus present fairly, in accordance with GAAP, the information shown therein and have been compiled on a basis consistent with that of the audited financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

(m) Authorization of the Underwriting Agreement. This Agreement has been
duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 

(n) Authorization of the Indenture. The Indenture has been duly qualified
under the Trust Indenture Act and has been duly authorized; the Base Indenture has been and, at the Closing Date, the Supplemental Indenture will be duly executed and delivered by the Company; and the Base Indenture constitutes and, at the Closing
Date, the Indenture will constitute a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
or similar laws relating to or affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally and except as enforcement thereof is subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at
law). 

6 

(o) Accurate Tax Disclosure. The factual statements set forth in the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus under the caption Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations are accurate in all material respects and fairly present the information provided. 

(p) Authorization of the Notes. The Notes to be purchased by the Underwriters from the Company are in the form contemplated by the
Indenture, have been duly authorized for issuance and sale pursuant to this Agreement and the Indenture and, at the Closing Date, will have been duly executed by the Company and, when authenticated in the manner provided for in the Indenture and
delivered against payment of the purchase price therefor, will be validly issued and delivered and will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally and except as enforcement thereof is subject to general principles of equity (regardless of
whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) and will be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture. 

(q)
Description of the Notes and the Indenture. The Notes and the Indenture conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

(r) Material Changes or Material Transactions. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except as may otherwise be stated therein or contemplated thereby, (i) there has been no material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business
affairs or business prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business (a Material Adverse Change), and (ii) there have been no transactions
entered into by the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise (other than those in the ordinary course of business) that are material with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise. 

(s) No Defaults. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiary is in violation of its articles of incorporation, charter or by-laws. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, neither the Company nor the Subsidiary is in default in the performance or observance of
any obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any contract, indenture, mortgage, loan agreement, note, lease or other instrument to which the Company or the Subsidiary is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to
which any of the property or assets of the Company or the Subsidiary is subject (each, an Agreement or Instrument and, collectively, the Agreements and Instruments). The execution and delivery of this Agreement,
the Indenture and the Notes and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and therein have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not and will not conflict with or constitute a breach of, or default under, or
result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or the Subsidiary pursuant to, any material Agreements and Instruments, nor will such action result in any violation of the provisions
of the articles of incorporation, charter or by-laws, as they may be then amended or in effect, of the Company or the Subsidiary or any applicable law, administrative regulation or administrative or court
order or decree. 

7 

(t) Regulatory Approvals. The Company has obtained all necessary consents, orders or
approvals in connection with the issuance and sale of the Notes, and no consent, approval, authorization, order or decree of any other court or governmental agency or body is required for the consummation by the Company of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, except such as may be required under state securities or blue sky laws. 

(u) Legal Proceedings;
Contracts. Except as may be set forth, incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there is no action, suit or proceeding before or by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or
foreign, now pending, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting, the Company or its subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to result in any Material Adverse Change, or might materially and adversely affect its
properties or assets or would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and there are no contracts or documents that are required to be filed as exhibits to the
Registration Statement by the Securities Act that have not been so filed. 

(v) Franchises. The Company and the Subsidiary hold, to
the extent required, valid and subsisting franchises, certificates of convenience and authority, licenses and permits authorizing them to carry on the regulated utility businesses in which they are engaged in the territories from which substantially
all of the Companys consolidated gross operating revenue is derived, except where the failure to hold such franchises, certificates of convenience and authority, licenses and permits would not result in a Material Adverse Change. Neither the
Company nor the Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such franchise, certificate of convenience and authority, license or permit that, individually or in the aggregate, if the subject of
an unfavorable decision ruling or finding, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, except as set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

(w) Environmental Laws. Except as described, incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference in the Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, and except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, (i) neither the Company nor the Subsidiary is in violation of any federal, state, local or foreign statute,
law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, policy or rule of common law or any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any judicial or administrative order, consent, decree or judgment, relating to pollution or protection of human
health, the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata) or wildlife, including, without limitation, laws and regulations relating to the release or threatened release of
chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, wastes, toxic substances, hazardous substances, petroleum or petroleum products, asbestos-containing materials or mold (collectively, Hazardous Materials) or to the manufacture, processing,
distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials (collectively, Environmental Laws), (ii) the Company and the Subsidiary have all permits, authorizations and approvals required
under any applicable Environmental Laws and are each in compliance with their requirements, (iii) there are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand

8 

letters, claims, liens, notices of noncompliance or violation, investigation or proceedings relating to any Environmental Law against the Company or the Subsidiary and (iv) there are no
events or circumstances that would reasonably be expected to form the basis of an order for clean-up or remediation, or an action, suit or proceeding by any private party or governmental body or agency,
against or affecting the Company or the Subsidiary relating to Hazardous Materials or any Environmental Laws. 

(x) Investment Company
Act. The Company is not and, upon the issuance and sale of the Notes as contemplated herein and the application of the net proceeds thereof as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, will not be, required to register as an
investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

(y) ERISA. The Company and the Subsidiary are
in compliance in all material respects with all presently applicable provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, including the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (ERISA); no
reportable event (as such term is defined in ERISA) has occurred with respect to any pension plan (as such term is defined in ERISA) for which the Company or the Subsidiary would have any material liability; the Company and
the Subsidiary have not incurred and do not expect to incur any material liability under (i) Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of, or withdrawal from, any pension plan or (ii) Section 412 or 4971 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (the Code); and each pension plan for which the Company or the Subsidiary would have any liability that is intended
to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified in all material respects and nothing has occurred, whether by action or by failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification. 

(z) Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiary carry, or are covered by, insurance in such amounts and covering such risks as is
adequate for the conduct of their respective businesses and the value of their respective properties. 

(aa) Taxes. The Company and
the Subsidiary have filed all federal, state and local income and franchise tax returns required to be filed through the date hereof and have paid all taxes due thereon, except such as are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings or
for which an extension has been requested, and no tax deficiency has been determined adversely to the Company or the Subsidiary that has had, nor does the Company have any knowledge of any tax deficiency that, if determined adversely to the Company
or the Subsidiary, would reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Change. 

(bb) Internal Controls. Each of the
Company and the Subsidiary (i) makes and keeps accurate books and records and (ii) maintains internal accounting controls that provide reasonable assurance that (A) transactions are executed in accordance with managements
authorization, (B) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of its financial statements and to maintain accountability for its assets, (C) access to its assets is permitted only in accordance with managements
authorization and (D) the reported accountability for its assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals. Except as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, since the end of the Companys most recent audited
fiscal year, there has been (A) no material weakness in the Companys internal control over financial reporting (whether or not remediated) and (B) no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. 

9 

(cc) Sarbanes-Oxley. The Company is in compliance, in all material respects, with all
applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith, including Section 402 related to loans, and the requirement that the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries maintain
the following, among other, controls and procedures: 

(i) a system of internal accounting controls as
contemplated in Section 13(b)(2)(B) of the Exchange Act; 

(ii) disclosure controls and procedures (as such
term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act); and 

(iii) internal
control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act). 

(dd) Pending Proceedings and Examinations. The Company has not received notice from the Commission that the Registration Statement is
the subject of a pending proceeding or examination under Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the Securities Act, and the Company is not the subject of a pending proceeding under Section 8A of the Securities Act in connection with the offering of the
Notes. 

(ee) Ratings. The Notes will be rated as described in the Final Term Sheet (as defined herein).

(ff) Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. None of the Company, the Subsidiary nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer,
agent, employee, affiliate or other person associated with or acting on behalf of the Company or the Subsidiary has (i) made any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political activity, (ii) made
any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds, (iii) violated or is in violation of any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended,
(iv) violated or is in violation of any provision of the Bribery Act 2010 of the United Kingdom or (v) made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment.

(gg) Money Laundering Laws.The operations of the Company, the Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, its other
subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with the requirements of applicable anti-money laundering laws, including, without limitation, the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended by the USA PATRIOT ACT of 2001, and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder and the anti-money laundering laws of the various jurisdictions in which the Company and its subsidiaries conduct business (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), and no action, suit or
proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or the Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the Company, any of its other subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is
pending or threatened.

10 

(hh) OFAC. None of the Company, the Subsidiary nor, to the knowledge of the Company,
any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or the Subsidiary is currently the subject or the target of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Government, including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets
Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC), or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the offering of the
Notes hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to the Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity (i) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any person, or in any country or
territory, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject or the target of Sanctions or (ii) in any other manner that will result in a violation by any person (including any person participating in the transaction, whether as underwriter,
advisor, investor or otherwise) of Sanctions. 

(ii) eXtensible Business Reporting Language. The interactive data in eXtensible
Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with
the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. 

(jj) Cybersecurity. (i) (A) Except as disclosed in the
Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or the Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks,
hardware, software, data (including the data of their respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of them), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data)
and (B) the Company and the Subsidiary have not been notified of, and have no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to their IT Systems and Data, except as
would not, in the case of this clause (i), reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiary are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and
regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from
unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, in the case of this clause (ii), individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and (iii) the Company and the
Subsidiary have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology reasonably consistent with industry standards and practices. 

Any
certificate signed by any director or officer of the Company and delivered to the Underwriters or to counsel for the Underwriters shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered thereby on
the date of such certificate and, unless subsequently amended or supplemented, at each Representation Date subsequent thereto. 

11 

SECTION 2. Purchase, Sale and Delivery of the
Notes.

(a) The Notes. The Company agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, severally and not
jointly, all of the Notes upon the terms herein set forth. On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, and upon the terms but subject to the conditions herein set forth, the Underwriters agree, severally and not
jointly, to purchase from the Company the aggregate principal amount of Notes set forth opposite their names on Schedule A hereto, plus any additional principal amount of Notes that such Underwriter may become obligated to purchase pursuant to
Section 9 hereof, at a purchase price of 99.287% of the principal amount of the Notes, payable on the Closing Date. 

(b) The
Closing Date. Delivery of one or more certificates for the Notes in global form to be purchased by the Underwriters and payment therefor shall be made at the offices of Bracewell LLP, 31 West 52nd Street, New York, New York (or such
other place as may be agreed to by the Company and the Representatives) at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on March 13, 2025, or such other time and date as the Underwriters and the Company shall mutually agree (the time and date of such
closing are called the Closing Date). 

(c) Public Offering of the Notes. The Representatives
hereby advise the Company that the Underwriters intend to offer for sale to the public, as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, their respective portions of the Notes as soon after this Agreement has been executed as the
Representatives, in their sole judgment, have determined is advisable and practicable. 

(d) Payment for the Notes. Payment for the
Notes shall be made at the Closing Date by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the order of the Company. It is understood that the Representatives have been authorized, for their own accounts and for the accounts of the several
Underwriters, to accept delivery of and receipt for, and make payment of the purchase price for, the Notes that the Underwriters have agreed to purchase. The Representatives may (but shall not be obligated to) make payment for any Notes to be
purchased by any Underwriter whose funds shall not have been received by the Representatives by the Closing Date for the account of such Underwriter, but any such payment shall not relieve such Underwriter from any of its obligations under this
Agreement. 

(e) Delivery of the Notes. The Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Representatives for the accounts
of the several Underwriters through the facilities of the Depositary one or more certificates for the Notes at the Closing Date, against the irrevocable release of a wire transfer of immediately available funds for the amount of the purchase price
therefor. The certificate for the Notes shall be a definitive global certificate in book-entry form for clearance through the Depositary. Time shall be of the essence, and delivery at the time and place specified in this Agreement is a further
condition to the obligations of the Underwriters. 

12 

SECTION 3. Covenants of the Company.

The Company covenants and agrees with each Underwriter as follows: 

(a) Compliance with Securities Regulations and Commission Requests. The Company, subject to Section 3(b) hereof, will comply with
the requirements of Rule 430B of the Securities Act, and will promptly notify the Representatives, and confirm the notice in writing, of (i) the effectiveness during the Prospectus Delivery Period (as such term is defined herein) of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or the filing of any supplement or amendment to any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, (ii) the receipt of any comments from the Commission during
the Prospectus Delivery Period, (iii) any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or for additional information and (iv) the
issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of
the Notes for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes. The Company will promptly effect the filings necessary pursuant to Rule 424 and will take such steps as it deems
necessary to ascertain promptly whether any Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424 was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, it will promptly file such document. The Company
will use every reasonable effort to prevent the issuance of any stop order and, if any stop order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment. 

(b) Representatives Review of Proposed Amendments and Supplements. During the period beginning on the date
of this Agreement and ending on the later of the Closing Date or such date, as in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters, a prospectus relating to the Notes is no longer required by law to be delivered in connection with sales of the Notes by
an Underwriter or dealer, including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172 of the Securities Act (the Prospectus Delivery Period), prior to amending or supplementing the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (including any amendment or supplement through incorporation by reference of any report filed under the Exchange Act), the Company shall furnish, within a reasonable time prior to filing such
amendment or supplement, to the Representatives for review a copy of each such proposed amendment or supplement, and the Company shall not file or use any such proposed amendment or supplement (except for any amendment or supplement filed under the
Exchange Act after the Closing Date) to which the Representatives or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably object. 

(c)
Delivery of Registration Statements. If requested, the Company will furnish or deliver to the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters, without charge, copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each
amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith or incorporated by reference therein and documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein) and copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also deliver to
the Representatives, without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to
the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by the Commissions Regulation S-T.

13 

(d) Delivery of Prospectuses. The Company will deliver to each Underwriter,
without charge, as many copies of each Preliminary Prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request, and the Company hereby consents to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the Securities Act. The Company will furnish to each
Underwriter, without charge, during the Prospectus Delivery Period, such number of copies of the Prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request. Each Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto
furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by the Commissions Regulation
S-T.

(e) Continued Compliance with Securities Laws. The Company will comply with the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Notes as contemplated in this Agreement and the Prospectus. If, at any time during the Prospectus Delivery Period, any event shall occur or condition shall
exist as a result of which it is necessary to amend the Registration Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or to amend or supplement the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order that the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, will not include an untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing at the Initial Sale Time or at the time it is delivered or conveyed to a purchaser, not misleading, or if it shall be
necessary at any such time to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order to comply with the requirements of the Securities Act, the Company will (i) notify the Representatives of
any such event, development or condition, (ii) promptly prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section 3(b) hereof, such amendment or supplement (including by filing under the Exchange Act any document incorporated by reference
in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus) as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus comply with such requirements and (iii) the Company will
furnish to the Underwriters, without charge, such number of copies of such amendment or supplement to the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus as the Underwriters may reasonably request. 

(f) Blue Sky Compliance. The Company shall cooperate with the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters to qualify or register
the Notes for sale under (or obtain exemptions from the application of) the state securities or blue sky laws of those jurisdictions designated by the Representatives, shall comply with such laws and shall continue such qualifications, registrations
and exemptions in effect so long as required for the distribution of the Notes. The Company shall not be required to qualify to transact business or to take any action that would subject it to general service of process in any such jurisdiction
where it is not presently qualified or where it would be subject to taxation as a foreign business. The Company will advise the Representatives promptly of the suspension of the qualification or registration of (or any such exemption relating to)
the Notes for offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or any initiation or threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, and in the event of the issuance of any order suspending such qualification, registration or exemption, the Company shall
use every reasonable effort to obtain the withdrawal thereof at the earliest possible moment. 

(g) Use of Proceeds. The Company
shall apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes sold by it in the manner described under the caption Use of Proceeds in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

14 

(h) Depositary. The Company will cooperate with the Underwriters and use every
reasonable effort to permit the Notes to be eligible for clearance and settlement through the facilities of the Depositary. 

(i)
Periodic Reporting Obligations. During the Prospectus Delivery Period and subject to Section 3(b) hereof, the Company shall file, on a timely basis, with the Commission all reports and documents required to be filed under the Exchange
Act. 

(j) Agreement Not to Offer or Sell Additional Securities. During the period commencing on the date hereof and ending on the
Closing Date, the Company will not, without the prior written consent of the Representatives (which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Representatives), directly or indirectly, sell, offer, contract or grant any option to sell,
transfer or establish an open put equivalent position within the meaning of Rule 16a-1(h) of the Exchange Act, or otherwise dispose of or transfer, or announce the offering of, or file any
registration statement under the Securities Act in respect of, any debt securities of the Company similar to the Notes or securities exchangeable for or convertible into debt securities similar to the Notes, other than as contemplated by this
Agreement with respect to the Notes. The foregoing sentence shall not apply to the Bonds or the Bond Offering. 

(k) Final Term
Sheet. The Company will prepare a final term sheet containing only a description of the Notes, in substantially the form previously agreed to by the Company and the Representatives, and will file such term sheet pursuant to Rule 433(d) within
the time required by Rule 433 (the Final Term Sheet). The Final Term Sheet is an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus for purposes of this Agreement. 

(l) Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company represents that it has not made, and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior
written consent of the Representatives, and each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, represents that it has not made, and agrees with the Company that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Company, it will not make, any offer
relating to the Notes that would constitute an issuer free writing prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus (as those terms are defined in Rule 405) required to be filed by the Company with the
Commission or retained by the Company under Rule 433; provided that the prior written consent of the Representatives shall be deemed to have been given in respect of the Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectuses and the Issuer Limited Use Free
Writing Prospectuses identified in Annex I hereto. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Representatives is hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company agrees that it has
(i) treated and will treat, as the case may be, each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and (ii) complied and will comply, as the case may be, with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 of the Securities
Act applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the Commission, legending and record keeping. 

(m) Notice of Inability to Use Automatic Shelf Registration Statement Form. If at any time during the Prospectus Delivery Period the
Company receives from the Commission a notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) or otherwise ceases to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form, the Company will (i) promptly notify the Representatives, (ii) promptly
file a new registration statement or post-effective amendment on the proper form relating to the Notes, in a 

15 

form satisfactory to the Representatives, (iii) use its best efforts to cause such registration statement or post-effective amendment to be declared effective and (iv) promptly notify
the Representatives of such effectiveness. The Company will take all other action necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Notes to continue as contemplated in the registration statement that was the subject of the Rule
401(g)(2) notice or for which the Company has otherwise become ineligible. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new registration statement or post-effective amendment, as the case may be. 

(n) Registration Statement Renewal Deadline. If immediately prior to the third anniversary (the Renewal Deadline) of
the initial effective date of the Registration Statement, any of the Notes remain unsold by the Underwriters, the Company will prior to the Renewal Deadline file, if it has not already done so and is eligible to do so, a new automatic shelf
registration statement relating to the Notes, in a form satisfactory to the Representatives. If the Company is no longer eligible to file an automatic shelf registration statement, the Company will prior to the Renewal Deadline, if it has not
already done so, file a new shelf registration statement relating to the Notes, in a form satisfactory to the Representatives, and will use its best efforts to cause such registration statement to be declared effective within 60 days after the
Renewal Deadline. The Company will take all other action necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Notes to continue as contemplated in the expired registration statement relating to the Notes. References herein to the
Registration Statement shall include such new automatic shelf registration statement or such new shelf registration statement, as the case may be. 

(o) Filing Fees. The Company agrees to pay the required Commission filing fees relating to the Notes within the time required by
Rule 456(b)(1) of the Securities Act without regard to the proviso therein and otherwise in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r) of the Securities Act. 

(p) No Manipulation of Price. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or result in, or
that has constituted or might reasonably be expected to constitute, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Notes. 

(q) Earning Statement. The Company will make generally available to the Companys security holders and to the Representatives as
soon as practicable an earning statement covering a period of at least twelve months beginning with the first fiscal quarter of the Company occurring after the date of this Agreement that will satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the
Securities Act. 

The Representatives, on behalf of the several Underwriters, may, in their sole discretion, waive in writing the
performance by the Company of any one or more of the foregoing covenants or extend the time for their performance. 

SECTION 4. Payment of Expenses. The Company agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred in
connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, (i) all expenses incident to the issuance and delivery of the Notes (including all printing
and engraving costs), (ii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the issuance and sale of the Notes to the 

16 

Underwriters, (iii) all fees and expenses of the Companys counsel, independent public or certified public accountants and other advisors to the Company, (iv) all costs and
expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping and distribution of the Registration Statement (including financial statements, exhibits, schedules, consents and certificates of experts), each Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus, each Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, and all amendments and supplements thereto, and this Agreement, the Indenture, the DTC Agreement and the Notes, (v) all filing fees, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses
incurred by the Company or the Underwriters in connection with qualifying or registering (or obtaining exemptions from the qualification or registration of) all or any part of the Notes for offer and sale under the state securities or blue sky laws,
and, if requested by the Representatives, preparing a Blue Sky Survey or memorandum, and any supplements thereto, advising the Underwriters of such qualifications, registrations and exemptions, (vi) the filing fees incident to, and
the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Underwriters in connection with, the review, if any, by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) of the terms of the sale of the Notes, (vii) the fees
and expenses of the Trustee, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Trustee in connection with the Indenture and the Notes, (viii) any fees payable in connection with the rating of the Notes with the ratings
agencies, (ix) all fees and expenses (including reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) of the Company in connection with approval of the Notes by the Depositary for book-entry transfer, (x) all other applicable fees, costs
and expenses referred to in Item 14 of Part II of the Registration Statement, (xi) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Representatives with
respect to any road show, including expenses relating to slide production, internet road show taping and travel, and (xii) all other fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder for which
provision is not otherwise made in this Section 4. Except as provided in this Section 4, Section 6, Section 7 and Section 8 hereof, the Underwriters shall pay their own expenses, including the fees and disbursements of their
counsel. 

SECTION 5. Conditions of the Obligations of the Underwriters.The obligations of the several
Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Notes as provided herein on the Closing Date shall be subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section 1 hereof as of each Representation Date
as though then made and to the timely performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to each of the following additional conditions: 

(a) Effectiveness of Registration Statement. The Registration Statement shall remain effective under the Securities Act and no stop
order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or be pending or threatened by the Commission, any request on the part of
the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of counsel to the Underwriters and the Company shall not have received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) objecting to use
of the automatic shelf registration statement form. 

17 

(b) Filings under Rule 424 and Rule 433. For the period from the Execution Time to
the Closing Date: 

(i) the Company shall have filed any Preliminary Prospectus not previously filed and the Prospectus with
the Commission (including the information required by Rule 430B of the Securities Act) in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (or the Company shall have filed a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement
containing the information required by such Rule 430B, and such post-effective amendment shall have become effective); and 

(ii) the Final Term Sheet and any other material required to be filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 433(d) shall have been
filed with the Commission within the applicable time periods prescribed for such filings under Rule 433. 

(c)
Accountants Comfort Letter. On the date hereof, the Representatives shall have received from Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent public or certified public accountants for the Company, a letter dated the
date hereof addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives with respect to the audited and any unaudited consolidated financial statements and certain financial information of the Company included or
incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. 

(d) Bring-down Comfort Letter. On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received from Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent public or certified public accountants for the Company, a letter dated such
date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letter furnished by them pursuant to Section 5(c) hereof, except that the specified date referred to therein for the
carrying out of procedures shall be no more than two business days prior to the Closing Date and in any case no earlier than the date hereof. 

(e) No Material Adverse Change or Ratings Agency Change. For the period from the Execution Time to the Closing Date: 

(i) in the judgment of the Representatives, there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Change, except as reflected in
or contemplated by the Disclosure Package; and 

(ii) there shall not have occurred any downgrading, nor shall any notice
have been given of any intended or potential downgrading or of any review for a possible change that does not indicate the direction of the possible change, in the rating accorded any securities of the Company by any nationally recognized
statistical rating organization (as such term is defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act). 

(f) Opinion of Counsel
for the Company. On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received the favorable opinions of (i) Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP, counsel for the Company, dated the Closing Date, the form of which is attached as Exhibit A-1, and (ii) Heather A. Humphrey, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company, dated the Closing Date, the form of which is attached as Exhibit
A-2.

18 

(g) Opinion of Counsel for the Underwriters. On the Closing Date, the Representatives
shall have received the favorable opinion of Bracewell LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, dated the Closing Date, with respect to such matters as may be reasonably requested by the Underwriters. 

(h) Officers Certificate. On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received a written certificate executed by the
Chief Executive Officer, President or a Vice President of the Company and the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer or Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer of the Company, dated the Closing Date, to the effect that, to the best of their
knowledge after reasonable investigation: 

(i) the Company has received no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement, and no proceedings for such purpose have been instituted or threatened by the Commission; 

(ii) the
Company has not received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) objecting to use of the automatic shelf registration statement form; 

(iii) for the period from the Execution Time to the Closing Date, there has not occurred any downgrading, and the Company has
not received any notice of any intended or potential downgrading or of any review for a possible change that does not indicate the direction of the possible change, in the rating accorded any securities of the Company by any nationally
recognized statistical rating organization (as such term is defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act); 

(iv) for the period from the Execution Time to the Closing Date, there has not occurred any Material Adverse Change; 

(v) the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 1 hereof are true and correct with the same
force and effect as though expressly made on and as of the Closing Date; and 

(vi) the Company has complied with all the
agreements hereunder and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date. 

(i) Additional Documents. On or before the Closing Date, the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters shall have received such
information, documents and opinions as they may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling such counsel to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Notes as contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations
and warranties, or the satisfaction of any of the conditions or agreements, herein contained. 

If any condition specified in this
Section 5 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability on the
part of any party to any other party, except that Section 4, Section 6, Section 7, Section 8 and Section 16 hereof shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination. 

19 

SECTION 6. Reimbursement of Underwriters Expenses.
If this Agreement is terminated by the Representatives pursuant to Section 5, Section 10(i) or Section 10(iv) hereof, the Company agrees to reimburse the Representatives and the other Underwriters, severally, upon demand for all out-of-pocket expenses that shall have been reasonably incurred by the Representatives and the Underwriters in connection with the proposed purchase and the offering and sale
of the Notes, including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel, printing expenses, travel expenses, postage, facsimile and telephone charges. 

SECTION 7. Indemnification. 

(a) Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its directors, officers,
employees and agents, and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as incurred, to which such Underwriter, director,
officer, employee, agent or controlling person may become subject, insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based upon (i) any untrue statement or
alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment or supplement thereto, including any information deemed to be a part thereof pursuant to Rule 430B of the Securities Act, or the omission or
alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any Preliminary
Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and to reimburse each Underwriter, its officers, directors, employees, agents and controlling persons for any and all expenses (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel
chosen by the Representatives) as such expenses are reasonably incurred by such Underwriter, officer, director, employee, agent or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim,
damage, liability, expense or action; provided, however, that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense to the extent, but only to the extent, arising out of or based upon any untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration
Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), it being understood and agreed that the only such information consists of the information described in
Section 7(b) hereof. The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 7(a) shall be in addition to any liabilities that the Company may otherwise have. 

(b) Indemnification of the Company, its Directors and Officers. Each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and
hold harmless the Company, its directors, its officers who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, against any loss, claim, damage, liability
or expense, as incurred, to which the Company, or any such director, officer or controlling person may become subject, insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or
is based upon (i) any untrue statement or alleged 

20 

untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the
Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in
each case to the extent, and only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in the Registration Statement, such Preliminary Prospectus, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the
Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use therein; and to reimburse the Company, such
director, officer or controlling person for any and all expenses (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Company) as such expenses are reasonably incurred by the Company, such director, officer or controlling person
in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action. The Company hereby acknowledges that the only information that the Underwriters have furnished to the Company
in writing expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) are the statements set forth in the fifth paragraph, the seventh
paragraph, the third sentence of the ninth paragraph and the tenth paragraph, each under the caption Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest) in the Prospectus. The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 7(b) shall be in addition
to any liabilities that each Underwriter may otherwise have. 

(c) Notifications and Other Indemnification Procedures. Promptly
after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 7 of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying party under this Section 7, notify the
indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof; but the failure to so notify the indemnifying party (i) will not relieve it from liability under Section 7(a) or 7(b) hereof unless and to the extent it did not otherwise learn of
such action and such failure results in the forfeiture by the indemnifying party of substantial rights and defenses and (ii) will not, in any event, relieve the indemnifying party from any liability other than the indemnification obligation
provided in Section 7(a) or 7(b) hereof. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party and such indemnified party seeks or intends to seek indemnity from an indemnifying party, the indemnifying party will be entitled to
participate in, and, to the extent that it shall elect, jointly with all other indemnifying parties similarly notified, by written notice delivered to the indemnified party promptly after receiving the aforesaid notice from such indemnified party,
to assume the defense thereof with counsel satisfactory to such indemnified party; provided, however, such indemnified party shall have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action and to participate in the defense thereof, but the
fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such indemnified party, unless (i) the employment of such counsel has been specifically authorized by the indemnifying party, (ii) the indemnifying party has failed promptly to
assume the defense and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party or (iii) the named parties to any such action (including any impleaded parties) include both such indemnified party and the indemnifying party or any
affiliate of the indemnifying party, and such indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded that either 

21 

(x) there may be one or more legal defenses available to it that are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party or such affiliate of the indemnifying party or
(y) a conflict may exist between such indemnified party and the indemnifying party or such affiliate of the indemnifying party (it being understood, however, that the indemnifying party shall not, in connection with any one such action or
separate but substantially similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances, be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys (in addition to a single
firm of local counsel) for all such indemnified parties, which firm shall be designated in writing by (i) the Representatives, in the case of indemnification pursuant to Section 7(a) hereof or (ii) the Company, in the case of
indemnification pursuant to Section 7(b) hereof, and that all such reasonable fees and expenses shall be reimbursed as they are incurred). 

(d) Settlements. The indemnifying party under this Section 7 shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected
without its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there is a final judgment for the plaintiff, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify the indemnified party against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense by reason of such
settlement or judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel as contemplated by Section 7(c)
hereof, the indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 45 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the
aforesaid request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such settlement at least 30 days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed the
indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of judgment in
any pending or threatened action, suit or proceeding in respect of which any indemnified party is or could have been a party and indemnity was or could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party, unless such settlement, compromise or
consent (A) includes an unconditional release of such indemnified party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such action, suit or proceeding and (B) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault,
culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any indemnified party. 

SECTION 8. Contribution. If the
indemnification provided for in Section 7 hereof is for any reason unavailable to or otherwise insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein, then each
indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate amount paid or payable by such indemnified party, as incurred, as a result of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein (i) in such proportion as is appropriate
to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, from the offering of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not
permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in
connection with the statements or omissions that resulted in such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the
Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the offering of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to be in the 

22 

same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Company, and the total underwriting
discount received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth on the front cover page of the Prospectus bear to the aggregate initial public offering price of the Notes as set forth on such cover. The relative fault of the Company, on the one
hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to
information supplied by the Company, on the one hand, or the Underwriters, on the other hand, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. 

The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to above shall be deemed
to include, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 7(c) hereof, any legal or other fees or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with investigating or defending any action or claim. The provisions set forth in
Section 7(c) hereof with respect to notice of commencement of any action shall apply if a claim for contribution is to be made under this Section 8; provided, however, that no additional notice shall be required with respect to any
action for which notice has been given under Section 7(c) hereof for purposes of indemnification. 

The Company and the Underwriters
agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 8 were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation that
does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 8. 

Notwithstanding the provisions of this
Section 8, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the underwriting discount received by such Underwriter in connection with the Notes underwritten by it and distributed to the public. No person guilty of
fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The Underwriters obligations to contribute
pursuant to this Section 8 are several, and not joint, in proportion to their respective underwriting commitments as set forth opposite their names in Schedule A hereto. For purposes of this Section 8, each director, officer, employee and
agent of an Underwriter and each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter, and each director of the Company, each officer
of the Company who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company. 

SECTION 9. Default of One or More of the Several Underwriters. If, on the Closing Date, any one or more of
the several Underwriters shall fail or refuse to purchase Notes that it or they have agreed to purchase hereunder on such date (the Defaulted Securities), then the Representatives shall have the right, within 36 hours thereafter,
to make arrangements for one or more of the non-defaulting Underwriters, or any other underwriters, to purchase all, but not less than all, of the aggregate principal amount of the Defaulted Securities in such
amounts as may be agreed upon and upon the terms herein set forth. 

23 

If, however, the Underwriters shall not have completed such arrangements within such 36-hour period, and if the aggregate principal amount of the Defaulted Securities does not exceed 10% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes to be purchased on such date, the
non-defaulting Underwriters shall be obligated, severally, in the proportion to the aggregate principal amount of the Notes set forth opposite their respective names on Schedule A hereto bears to the aggregate
principal amount of such Notes set forth opposite the names of all such non-defaulting Underwriters, or in such other proportions as may be specified by the Representatives with the consent of the non-defaulting Underwriters, to purchase such Notes that such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed or refused to purchase on such date. 

If, on the Closing Date, any one or more of the Underwriters shall fail or refuse to purchase such Notes and the aggregate principal amount of
such Notes with respect to which such default occurs exceeds 10% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes to be purchased on such date, and arrangements satisfactory to the Representatives and the Company for the purchase of such Notes are not
made within 48 hours after such default, this Agreement shall terminate without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Section 4, Section 7, Section 8 and Section 16 hereof shall at all times be
effective and shall survive such termination. 

In any such case, either the Representatives or the Company shall have the right to
postpone the Closing Date, but in no event for longer than seven days in order that the required changes, if any, to the Registration Statement, each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, each Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or any other
documents or arrangements may be effected. 

As used in this Agreement, the term Underwriter shall be deemed to include
any person substituted for a defaulting Underwriter under this Section 9. Any action taken under this Section 9 shall not relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of any default of such Underwriter under this Agreement.

SECTION 10. Termination of this Agreement. Prior to the Closing Date, this Agreement may be terminated
by the Representatives by notice given to the Company if at any time: (i) trading or quotation in any of the Companys securities shall have been suspended or materially limited by the New York Stock Exchange or the Commission, or trading
in securities generally on the NASDAQ Global Market or the New York Stock Exchange shall have been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices shall have been generally established on either of such stock exchanges by the
Commission or FINRA; (ii) a general banking moratorium shall have been declared by any federal or New York authorities; (iii) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of national or international hostilities or any crisis or
calamity, or any material adverse change in the United States or international financial markets, or any change or development involving a prospective substantial change in United States or international political, financial or economic
conditions, as in the judgment of the Representatives makes it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering, sale or delivery of the Notes in the manner and on the terms described in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or to
enforce contracts for the sale of securities; (iv) in the judgment of the Representatives, there shall have occurred any Material Adverse Change; or (v) there shall have occurred a material disruption in commercial banking or securities
settlement or clearance services in the United States. Any termination pursuant to this Section 10 shall be without liability on the part of (A) the Company to any Underwriter, except that the Company shall be obligated to reimburse the
expenses of the Representatives and the Underwriters pursuant to Section 4 and Section 6 hereof, (B) any Underwriter to the Company or (C) any party hereto to any other party except that the provisions of Section 7,
Section 8 and Section 16 hereof shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination. 

24 

SECTION 11. No Fiduciary Duty; No Advisory or Fiduciary
Responsibility. The Company acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the purchase and sale of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement, including the determination of the public offering price of the Notes and any related discounts and
commissions, is an arms-length commercial transaction between the Company, on the one hand, and the several Underwriters, on the other hand; (ii) in connection with the offering contemplated hereby
and the process leading to such transaction each Underwriter is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the financial advisor, agent or fiduciary of the Company or its affiliates, stockholders, creditors or employees or any other party;
(iii) no Underwriter has assumed or will assume an advisory, agency or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter
has advised or is currently advising the Company on other matters) and no Underwriter has any obligation to the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement; (iv) the
several Underwriters and their respective affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company; and (v) the Underwriters have not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or
tax advice with respect to the offering contemplated hereby and the Company has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. 

The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the several
Underwriters with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty. 

SECTION 12. Representations
and Indemnities to Survive Delivery. The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Company, of its officers and of the several Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement
(i) will remain operative and in full force and effect, regardless of (A) any investigation, or statement as to the results thereof, made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or the Company or any of the officers, directors, employees,
agents or controlling persons referred to in Section 7(a) or Section 7(b) hereof, as the case may be or (B) acceptance of the Notes and payment for them hereunder and (ii) will survive delivery of and payment for the Notes sold
hereunder and any termination of this Agreement. 

SECTION 13. Notices. All communications hereunder
shall be in writing and shall be delivered by mail, hand or electronic means as follows: 

If to the Representatives: 

MUFG Securities Americas Inc. 

1221 Avenue of the Americas, 6th Floor 

New York, New York, 10020 

Attention: Capital Markets Group 

Facsimile: (646) 434-3455

25 

and 

PNC Capital Markets LLC 

300
Fifth Avenue, 10th Floor 

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222 

Facsimile: (412) 762-2760

Attention: Debt Capital Markets, Fixed Income Transaction Execution 

and 

Regions Securities LLC 

1180 West Peachtree St. NW, Suite 1400 

Atlanta, Georgia 30309 

Attention: Jill Maggiore 

and

TD Securities (USA) LLC 

1
Vanderbilt Avenue, 11th Floor 

New York, New York 10017 

Attention: DCM - Transaction Advisory 

Email: ustransactionadvisorygroup@tdsecurities.com 

and 

Truist Securities, Inc. 

3333 Peachtree Road, NE 

Atlanta,
Georgia 30326 

Facsimile: (404) 926-4027

Attention: Investment Grade Debt Capital Markets 

and 

U.S. Bancorp Investments,
Inc. 

214 North Tryon Street, 26th Floor 

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202 

Facsimile: (877) 774-3462

Attention: High Grade Syndicate 

with a copy to: 

Bracewell LLP

31 West 52nd Street 

New
York, New York 10020-1100 

Facsimile: (800) 404-3970

Attention: Todd W. Eckland 

26 

If to the Company: 

Evergy Kansas Central, Inc. 

818
South Kansas Avenue 

Topeka, Kansas 66612 

Facsimile: (816) 556-2924

Attention: Heather A. Humphrey 

with a copy to: 

Hunton Andrews
Kurth LLP 

200 Park Avenue 

New York, New York 10166 

Facsimile: (212) 309-1024

Attention: Peter K. OBrien 

Any party hereto may change the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others. 

SECTION 14. Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto,
including any substitute Underwriters pursuant to Section 9 hereof, and to the benefit of the directors, officers, employees, agents and controlling persons referred to in Section 7 and Section 8 hereof, and in each case their
respective successors and assigns, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder. The term successors and assigns shall not include any purchaser of the Notes as such from any of the Underwriters merely by reason
of such purchase. 

SECTION 15. Partial Unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any
Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other Section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined to be
invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable. 

SECTION 16. Governing Law Provisions. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED IN THAT STATE. 

SECTION 17. General Provisions. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to this
Agreement and supersedes all prior written or oral and all contemporaneous oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each one of which
shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act
of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid

27 

and effective for all purposes. This Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived unless
waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit. The Section headings herein are for the convenience of the parties only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. 

Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that it is a sophisticated business person who was adequately represented by counsel during
negotiations regarding the provisions hereof, including, without limitation, the indemnification provisions of Section 7 hereof and the contribution provisions of Section 8 hereof, and is fully informed regarding such provisions. Each of
the parties hereto further acknowledges that the provisions of Section 7 and Section 8 hereof fairly allocate the risks in light of the ability of the parties to investigate the Company, its affairs and its business in order to assure that
adequate disclosure has been made in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (and any amendments and supplements thereto), as required by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. 

SECTION 18. Recognition of U.S. Special Resolution Regimes. In the event that (a) any Underwriter that is a
Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the
transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States and (b) any Underwriter that is a
Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted to be exercised to no
greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. For purposes of this Section 18, (i) a
BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k), (ii) Covered Entity means (A) a covered entity (as
defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b)), (B) a covered bank (as defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b)) or (C) a covered FSI (as defined in, and
interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b)), (iii) Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable, and (iv)
U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (A) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations thereunder and (B) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations thereunder.

28 

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, kindly sign and
return to the Company the enclosed copies hereof, whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts hereof, shall become a binding agreement in accordance with its terms. 

Very truly yours,

EVERGY KANSAS CENTRAL, INC.

By: /s/ W. Bryan Buckler

Name: W. Bryan Buckler

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to
Note Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted by the Representatives
as of the date first above written. 

MUFG SECURITIES AMERICAS INC.

PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC

REGIONS SECURITIES LLC

TD SECURITIES (USA) LLC

TRUIST SECURITIES, INC.

U.S. BANCORP INVESTMENTS, INC.

Acting as Representatives of the several Underwriters

named in Schedule A hereto.

By: MUFG Securities Americas Inc.

By: /s/ Lee Schreibstein

Name: Lee Schreibstein

Title: Managing Director

By: PNC Capital Markets LLC

By: /s/ Valerie Shadeck

Name: Valerie Shadeck

Title: Managing Director

By: Regions Securities LLC

By: /s/ Nicole Black

Name: Nicole Black

Title: Managing Director

By: TD Securities (USA) LLC

By: /s/ Luiz Lanfredi

Name: Luiz Lanfredi

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to
Note Underwriting Agreement] 

By: Truist Securities, Inc.

By: /s/ Robert Nordlinger

Name: Robert Nordlinger

Title: Authorized Signatory

By: U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc.

By: /s/ Isabella Swanson

Name: Isabella Swanson

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to
Note Underwriting Agreement] 

SCHEDULE A 

Underwriters Aggregate

Principal

Amount of

Notes to be

Purchased 

MUFG Securities Americas Inc. $ 48,000,000 

PNC Capital Markets LLC $ 48,000,000 

Regions Securities LLC $ 48,000,000 

TD Securities (USA) LLC $ 48,000,000 

Truist Securities, Inc. $ 48,000,000 

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. $ 48,000,000 

UMB Financial Services, Inc. $ 8,000,000 

Academy Securities, Inc. $ 4,000,000 

Total $ 300,000,000 

A-1 

ANNEX I 

LIST OF ISSUER GENERAL USE FREE WRITING PROSPECTUSES 

1. 

Final Term Sheet dated March 6, 2025 

LIST OF ISSUER LIMITED USE FREE WRITING PROSPECTUSES 

None 

I-1 

EXHIBIT A-1

Form of Opinion of Companys Counsel 

(a) The Registration Statement has become effective under the Securities Act; each of the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus has been
filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) in accordance with Rule 424(b); the Final Term Sheet has been filed pursuant to Rule 433 in accordance with Rule 433; and, to our knowledge, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement is in
effect nor are any proceedings for such purpose pending before or threatened by the Commission. 

(b) (i) The Registration Statement
(other than the financial statements, financial data, statistical data and supporting schedules included therein or omitted therefrom and other than the documents incorporated by reference therein, as to none of which we express any opinion pursuant
to this paragraph (b)), as of the date of the Underwriting Agreement, (ii) the Preliminary Prospectus (other than the financial statements, financial data, statistical data and supporting schedules included therein or omitted therefrom and
other than the documents incorporated by reference therein, as to none of which we express any opinion pursuant to this paragraph (b)), at the Initial Sale Time, and (iii) the Prospectus (other than the financial statements, financial data,
statistical data and supporting schedules included therein or omitted therefrom and other than the documents incorporated by reference therein, as to none of which we express any opinion pursuant to this paragraph (b)), as of the date of the
Prospectus Supplement and as of the date hereof, appear on their face to have complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the Trust Indenture Act), the Securities Act
and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder. 

(c) Each document incorporated by reference in the Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus (other than the financial statements, financial data, statistical data and supporting schedules included therein or omitted therefrom, as to which we express no opinion), at the respective time such document was filed
with the Commission, appeared on its face to have complied as to form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder. 

(d) The Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company,
enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except to the extent enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws of general applicability relating to or
affecting the enforcement of creditors rights and by the effect of general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

(e) The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Underwriting Agreement, the Indenture and the Notes and the consummation by
the Company of the transactions contemplated thereby (including the issuance and sale of the Notes and the use of the proceeds from the sale of the Notes as described in the Disclosure Package (as defined in Annex A hereto) and in the Prospectus
under the caption Use of Proceeds) and compliance by the Company with its obligations under the Underwriting Agreement, the Indenture and the Notes do not and will not 

A-1-1 

violate any provision of Applicable Laws. As used in this paragraph (e) and paragraph (f) below, the term Applicable Laws means the laws of the State of New York and the
federal laws of the United States of America (including the Federal Power Act) that, in our experience and without independent investigation, are normally applicable to transactions of the type contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement and the
Indenture (provided that the term Applicable Laws shall not include federal or state securities or blue sky laws, including, without limitation, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the Trust Indenture Act and the Investment Company Act
of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act), and the respective rules and regulations thereunder). 

(f) The Notes, when
duly authorized and executed by the Company, authenticated by the Trustee in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and delivered against payment therefor pursuant to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, will constitute legal, valid and
binding obligations of the Company, entitled to the benefits of the Indenture and enforceable against the Company in accordance with the terms of the Notes, except to the extent enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent
transfer, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights and by the effect of general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforceability is
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

(g) No consent, approval, qualification, authorization, certificate or order of, or
registration or filing with, any court or other governmental commission or regulatory authority or agency is required under Applicable Laws for the execution and delivery by the Company of, or the performance of the Companys obligations under,
the Underwriting Agreement or the Indenture, or for the issue and sale of the Notes as contemplated therein. 

(h) The statements set forth
in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the captions Description of Debt Securities and Description of the Notes (insofar as such statements purport to summarize certain provisions of the Notes and the Indenture)
fairly, accurately and completely summarize in all material respects the matters therein described. 

(i) The statements set forth in the
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the captions Plan of Distribution and Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest) (insofar as such statements purport to summarize certain provisions of the Underwriting Agreement) fairly,
accurately and completely summarize in all material respects the matters therein described. 

(j) The statements set forth in the
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the caption Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations, insofar as they purport to constitute summaries of matters of United States federal income tax law, constitute accurate and complete
summaries, in all material respects, subject to the qualifications set forth therein. 

(k) The Company is not, and will not be after
giving effect to the offer and sale of the Notes and application of the proceeds therefrom as described in the Prospectus, required to register as an investment company, as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act. 

(l) No facts came to the attention of such counsel that gave such counsel reason to believe that (i) any part of the Registration
Statement, as of the date of the Underwriting Agreement, contained an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact 

A-1-2 

required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (ii) the Disclosure Package, as of the Initial Sale Time, contained an untrue statement of a
material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading or (iii) the Prospectus contained, as of the date of the
Underwriting Agreement, or contains, on the date hereof, an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, as of the date of the Underwriting Agreement, or omits, on the date hereof, to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, except that in each case such counsel may express no opinion or belief with respect to the financial statements, financial data, statistical data and
supporting schedules included or incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein or omitted therefrom. 

A-1-3 

ANNEX A 

DISCLOSURE PACKAGE 

1. The
Preliminary Prospectus. 

2. The Final Term Sheet. 

For purposes of determining the Disclosure Package, the information contained in the foregoing documents shall be considered
together. 

A-1-4 

EXHIBIT A-2

Form of Opinion of Heather A. Humphrey, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 

(a) The Company is a validly organized and existing corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Kansas with corporate power
and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under the Underwriting Agreement. 

(b) The Underwriting Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 

(c) The Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 

(d) The Notes have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 

(e) The Subsidiary has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
incorporation, has the corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business
and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure so to qualify or to be in good standing would not
result in a Material Adverse Change; except as otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Subsidiary have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid
and non-assessable and, to the best of such counsels knowledge, such shares of capital stock are owned directly by the Company free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance
or claim; and none of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Subsidiary was issued in violation of preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder of the Subsidiary. 

(f) The Company has obtained all necessary consents, orders or approvals in connection with the issuance and sale of the Notes. No additional
consent, approval, authorization, filing with or order of (i) the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission under the Federal Power Act, (ii) the State Corporation Commission of the State of Kansas or (iii) to the knowledge of the Company,
any court or governmental agency or body is required in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement or the Indenture, except as may be required under securities or blue sky laws of the various states. 

(g) The Company and the Subsidiary hold, to the extent required, valid and subsisting franchises, certificates of convenience and authority,
licenses and permits authorizing them to carry on the regulated utility businesses in which they are engaged, in the territories from which substantially all of their consolidated gross operating revenue is derived, except where the failure to hold
such franchises, certificates of convenience and authority, licenses and permits would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 

A-2-1 

(h) To the best of such counsels knowledge, there are no legal or governmental
proceedings pending or threatened that are required to be disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, other than those disclosed therein, and all pending legal or governmental proceedings to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries
is a party or of which any of their property is the subject that are not described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, including ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business of the Company, are, considered in the aggregate, not
material to the consolidated financial condition of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

(i) To the best of such
counsels knowledge, the Company is not in violation of its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended, or in default in the performance or observance of any material obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any
material Agreement or Instrument. 

(j) The execution, delivery and performance of the Underwriting Agreement, the Indenture and the Notes
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated therein (including the issuance and sale of the Notes and the use of the proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Notes as described in the Disclosure Package and in the Prospectus
under the caption Use of Proceeds) and compliance by the Company with its obligations under the Underwriting Agreement, the Indenture and the Notes do not and will not conflict with or violate or constitute a breach of, or default under,
or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or the Subsidiary pursuant to any material Agreement or Instrument or any law, any regulation or any administrative or court order
or decree known to such counsel to be applicable to the Company of any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator having jurisdiction over the Company; nor will such action result in any violation of the provisions of the
Companys Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended, or the Companys Amended and Restated By-Laws, as amended. 

(k) To the best of such counsels knowledge, there are no contracts, indentures, mortgages, loan agreements, notes, leases or other
instruments or documents required to be described or referred to in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits or incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Registration Statement other than those described or referred to
therein or filed or incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Registration Statement, the descriptions thereof or references thereto are correct in all material respects, and no default exists in the due performance or observance of any material
obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any Agreement or Instrument described, referred to, filed or incorporated by reference therein. 

In rendering such opinion, such counsel may state that such counsel expresses no opinion as to the laws of any jurisdiction other than the
laws of the State of Kansas and the federal laws of the United States of America. 

A-2-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d892895dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

EVERGY KANSAS CENTRAL, INC. 

TO 

THE BANK OF NEW
YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A. 

as Trustee 

(as Successor to 

HARRIS
TRUST AND SAVINGS BANK) 

FIFTY-THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

to Original Mortgage Filed with Shawnee County Register of Deeds 

on July 1, 1939, at Book 778 Page 216 

Dated as of March 13, 2025 

First Mortgage Bonds, 5.25% Series due 2035 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Parties 1 

Recitals 1 

Granting Clause 5 

Habendum 7 

Exceptions and Reservations 8 

PAGE 

ARTICLE I 

DESCRIPTIONOF BONDSOFTHE 5.25% SERIESDUE 2035 

Section 1. General Description of Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 9 

Section 2. Denominations of Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 and Privilege of Exchange 10 

Section 3. Form of Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 10 

Section 4. Execution and Form of Temporary Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 21 

ARTICLE II 

ISSUEOF BONDSOFTHE 5.25% SERIESDUE 2035 

Section 1. Limitation as to Principal Amount of Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 21 

Section 2. Execution and Delivery of Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 21 

Section 3. Additional Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 21 

ARTICLE III 

REDEMPTIONAND SUBSTITUTIONOF BONDSOFTHE 5.25% SERIESDUE 2035 

Section 1. Optional Redemption of Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 22 

Section 2. Substitution of Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 25 

ARTICLE IV 

ADDITIONAL COVENANTS 

Section 1. Title to Mortgaged Property 26 

Section 2. To Retire Certain Portions of Bonds upon Release of All or Substantially All of the Electric Properties 27 

Section 3. The Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 shall be subject to the following provision 27 

ARTICLE V 

AMENDMENTSAND RESERVATIONSOF RIGHTSTO AMENDTHE ORIGINAL
INDENTURE 

Section 1. So Long as Bonds Issued Prior to January 1, 1997 Remain Outstanding 28 

Section 2. Facsimile Signatures 31 

Section 3. Reservation of Right to Amend Article VII 31 

Section 4. Reservation of Right to Delete Certain Requirements and Conditions 34 

Section 5. Issuance of Variable Rate Bonds 35 

Section 6. Substitution of Bonds 35 

Section 7. Addition of a Governing Law Clause 36 

Section 8. Event of Default for Failure to Pay Final Judgments in Excess of $100,000 36 

Section 9. Net Earnings Test in Connection with Property Acquisitions 36 

Section 10. Addition of Nuclear Fuel 36 

Section 11. Modernization of the Original Indenture 37 

ARTICLE VI 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

Section 1. Acceptance of Trust 38 

Section 2. Responsibility and Duty of Trustee 38 

Section 3. Parties to Include Successors and Assigns 38 

Section 4. Benefits Restricted to Parties and to Holders of Bonds and Coupons 38 

Section 5. Execution in Counterparts 39 

Section 6. Titles of Articles Not Part of the Fifty-Third Supplemental Indenture 39 

Section 7. Electronic Means 39 

Section 8. OFAC Compliance 40 

TESTIMONIUM S-1 

SIGNATURES AND SEALS S-2 

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS S-5 

ii 

FIFTY-THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of the 13th day of March, Two Thousand and
Twenty-Five, made by and between Evergy Kansas Central, Inc., formerly Westar Energy, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Kansas (and successor by the Merger (hereinafter defined) to Westar Energy, Inc.,
formerly The Kansas Power and Light Company, sometimes hereinafter called the Company-Predecessor) (hereinafter called the Company), party of the first part, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.,
a national banking association whose mailing address is 311 S. Wacker Drive, Suite 6200B Mailbox #44, Chicago, Illinois 60606 (hereinafter called the Trustee), as Trustee (as successor to Harris Trust and Savings Bank), under the
Mortgage and Deed of Trust dated July 1, 1939, hereinafter mentioned, party of the second part; 

WHEREAS, the Company has heretofore
executed and delivered to the Trustee its Mortgage and Deed of Trust dated July 1, 1939 (hereinafter referred to as the Original Indenture), to provide for and to secure the issue of First Mortgage Bonds of the Company,
issuable in series, and to declare the terms and conditions upon which the Bonds (as defined in the Original Indenture) are to be issued thereunder; and 

WHEREAS, the Company has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee fifty-two Supplemental
Indentures, in addition to the Forty-Second Supplemental (Reopening) Indenture, supplemental to said Original Indenture, of which forty-nine provided for the issuance thereunder of series of the Companys First Mortgage Bonds, and there is set
forth below information with respect to such Supplemental Indentures as have provided for the issuance of Bonds, and the principal amount of Bonds which remain outstanding as of March 13, 2025: 

Supplemental

Indenture Date Series of

First Mortgage

Bonds

Provided For Principal

Amount

Issued Principal

Amount

Outstanding

Supplemental Indenture July 1, 1939 3-1/2% Series

Due 1969 $26,500,000 None

Second Supplemental Indenture April 1, 1949 2-7/8% Series

Due 1979 10,000,000 None

Fourth Supplemental Indenture October 1, 1949 2-3/4% Series

Due 1979 6,500,000 None

Fifth Supplemental Indenture December 1, 1949 2-3/4% Series

Due 1984 32,500,000 None

Seventh Supplemental Indenture December 1, 1951 3-1/4% Series

Due 1981 5,250,000 None

1 

Supplemental

Indenture Date Series of

First Mortgage

Bonds

Provided For Principal

Amount

Issued Principal

Amount

Outstanding

Eighth Supplemental Indenture May 1, 1952 3-1/4% Series

Due 1982 4,750,000 None

Ninth Supplemental Indenture October 1, 1954 3-1/8% Series

Due 1984 8,000,000 None

Tenth Supplemental Indenture September 1, 1961 4-3/4% Series

Due 1991 13,000,000 None

Eleventh Supplemental Indenture April 1, 1969 7-5/8% Series

Due 1999 19,000,000 None

Twelfth Supplemental Indenture September 1, 1970 8-3/4% Series

Due 2000 20,000,000 None

Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture February 1, 1975 8-5/8% Series

Due 2005 35,000,000 None

Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture May 1, 1976 8-5/8% Series

Due 2006 45,000,000 None

Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture April 1, 1977 5.90% Pollution

Control Series

Due 2007 32,000,000 None

Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture June 1, 1977 8-1/8% Series

Due 2007 30,000,000 None

Seventeenth

Supplemental Indenture February 1, 1978 8-3/4% Series

Due 2008 35,000,000 None

Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture January 1, 1979 6-3/4% Pollution

Control Series

Due 2009 45,000,000 None

Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture May 1, 1980 8-1/4% Pollution

Control Series

Due 1983 45,000,000 None

Twentieth Supplemental Indenture November 1, 1981 16.95% Series

Due 1988 25,000,000 None

Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture April 1, 1982 15% Series

Due 1992 60,000,000 None

2 

Supplemental

Indenture Date Series of

First Mortgage

Bonds

Provided For Principal

Amount

Issued Principal

Amount

Outstanding

Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture February 1, 1983 9-5/8% Pollution

Control Series

Due 2013 58,500,000 None

Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture July 1, 1986 8-1/4% Series

Due 1996 60,000,000 None

Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture March 1, 1987 8-5/8% Series

Due 2020 50,000,000 None

Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture October 15, 1988 9.35% Series

Due 1998 75,000,000 None

Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture February 15, 1990 8-7/8% Series

Due 2000 75,000,000 None

Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture March 12, 1992 7.46% Demand

Series 370,000,000 None

Twenty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture July 1, 1992 7-1/4% Series

Due 1999 125,000,000 None

8-1/2% Series

Due 2022 125,000,000 None

Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture August 20, 1992 7-1/4% Series

Due 2002 100,000,000 None

Thirtieth Supplemental Indenture February 1, 1993 6% Pollution Control

Revenue Refunding

Series

Due 2033 58,500,000 None

Thirty-First Supplemental Indenture April 15, 1993 7.65% Series

Due 2023 100,000,000 None

Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture April 15, 1994 7-1/2% Series

Pollution Control

Revenue Refunding

Due 2032 75,500,000 75,500,000

3 

Supplemental

Indenture Date Series of

First Mortgage

Bonds

Provided For Principal

Amount

Issued Principal

Amount

Outstanding

Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture August 11, 1997 6-7/8% Convertible

Series

Due 2004 370,000,000 None

7-1/8% Convertible

Series

Due 2009 150,000,000 None

Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture June 28, 2000 9-1/2% Series

Due 2003 397,800,000 None

Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture May 10, 2002 7-7/8% Series

Due 2007 365,000,000 None

Thirty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture June 1, 2004 5.00% Series

Pollution Control

Refunding Revenue

Due 2033 58,340,000 None

Thirty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture June 17, 2004 6.00% Series

Due 2014 250,000,000 None

Thirty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture January 18, 2005 5.15% Series

Due 2017 125,000,000 None

5.95% Series

Due 2035 125,000,000 None

Thirty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture June 30, 2005 5.10% Series

Due 2020 250,000,000 None

5.875% Series

Due 2036 150,000,000 None

Fortieth Supplemental Indenture May 15, 2007 6.10% Series

Due 2047 150,000,000 None

Forty-First Supplemental Indenture November 25, 2008 8.625% Series

Due 2018 300,000,000 None

Forty-Second Supplemental Indenture March 1, 2012 4.125% Series

Due 2042 250,000,000 250,000,000

Forty-Second Supplemental (Reopening) Indenture May 17, 2012 4.125% Series

Due 2042 300,000,000 300,000,000

4 

Supplemental

Indenture Date Series of

First Mortgage Bonds

Provided For Principal

Amount

Issued Principal

Amount

Outstanding

Forty-Third Supplemental Indenture March 28, 2013 4.10% Series

Due 2043 430,000,000 430,000,000

Forty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture August 19, 2013 4.625% Series

Due 2043 250,000,000 250,000,000

Forty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture November 13, 2015 3.25% Series

Due 2025

4.25% Series

Due 2045 250,000,000

300,000,000 250,000,000

300,000,000

Forty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture June 20, 2016 2.55% Series Due

2026 350,000,000 350,000,000

Forty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture March 6, 2017 3.10% Series Due

2027 300,000,000 300,000,000

Forty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture August 19, 2019 3.25% Series Due

2049 300,000,000 300,000,000

Fiftieth Supplemental Indenture April 9, 2020 3.45% Series Due

2050 500,000,000 500,000,000

Fifty-First Supplemental Indenture March 14, 2023 5.70% Series Due

2053 400,000,000 400,000,000

Fifty-Second Supplemental Indenture November 15, 2023 5.90% Series

Due 2033 300,000,000 300,000,000

; and 

WHEREAS,
pursuant to that Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 9, 2017, by and among the Company-Predecessor, Great Plains Energy Incorporated, a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Missouri,
Monarch Energy Holding, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Missouri (Monarch Energy), and King Energy, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Kansas and a
wholly owned subsidiary of Monarch Energy (Merger Sub), on June 4, 2018 Merger Sub merged with and into the Company-Predecessor, with the Company surviving the merger (the Merger), on such terms as fully to
preserve and in no respect impair the lien on the mortgaged property under the Original Indenture as amended by all indentures supplemental thereto (hereinafter sometimes collectively called the Indenture) or any of the rights or
powers of the Trustee or of the holders of the Bonds thereunder; and 

5 

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Forty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture to supplement the Original
Indenture, the Company, as a successor corporation resulting from the Merger, assumed the due and punctual performance and observance of all the covenants and conditions to be kept or performed by the Company-Predecessor under the Indenture and the
due and punctual payment of the principal of and interest on all Bonds now outstanding under the Indenture according to their tenor and to enable the Company to have and exercise powers and rights of the Company-Predecessor under the Indenture in
accordance with the terms thereof; and 

WHEREAS, on September 16, 2019, the Company formally changed its name from Westar Energy,
Inc. to Evergy Kansas Central, Inc.; and 

WHEREAS, the Company is entitled at this time to have authenticated and delivered additional
bonds, upon compliance with the provisions of Article III of the Original Indenture, as amended; and 

WHEREAS, the Company desires by this
Fifty-Third Supplemental Indenture (hereinafter referred to as this Supplemental Indenture) to supplement the Original Indenture and to provide for the creation of a new series of bonds under the Original Indenture to be
designated First Mortgage Bonds, 5.25% Series due 2035 (hereinafter called Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035); and the Original Indenture provides that certain terms and provisions, as determined by the Board of
Directors of the Company, of the Bonds of any particular series may be expressed in and provided by the execution of an appropriate supplemental indenture; and 

WHEREAS, the Company in the exercise of the powers and authority conferred upon and reserved to it under the provisions of the Original
Indenture and indentures supplemental thereto, and pursuant to appropriate resolutions of its Board of Directors, has duly resolved and determined to make, execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture in the form hereof for the
purposes herein provided; and 

WHEREAS, all conditions and requirements necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture a valid, binding and
legal instrument have been done, performed and fulfilled, and the execution and delivery hereof have been in all respects duly authorized; 

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH: That, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual covenants herein contained and of the sum
of One Dollar duly paid by the Company to the Trustee at or before the time of the execution of these presents, and of other valuable considerations, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, and in order further to secure the

6 

payment of the principal of and interest and premium, if any, on all Bonds at any time issued and outstanding under the Indenture according to their tenor, purpose and effect, and to declare
certain terms and conditions upon and subject to which Bonds are to be issued and secured, the Company has executed and delivered this Supplemental Indenture, and by these presents grants, bargains, sells, warrants, aliens, releases, conveys,
assigns, transfers, mortgages, pledges, sets over and ratifies and confirms unto The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, and to its successors in trust under the Indenture forever, all and singular the following described
properties (in addition to all other properties heretofore specifically subjected to the lien of the Indenture and not heretofore released from the lien thereof), that is to say: 

FIRST. 

All and singular
the lands, real estate, chattels real, easements, servitudes, and leaseholds of the Company, or which, subject to the provisions of Article XII of the Original Indenture, the Company may hereafter acquire, together with all improvements of any type
located thereon. 

Also all power houses, plants, buildings and other structures, dams, dam sites, substations, heating plants, gas works,
holders and tanks, compressor stations, gasoline extraction plants, together with all and singular the electric heating, gas and mechanical appliances appurtenant thereto of every nature whatsoever, now owned by the Company or which it may hereafter
acquire, including all and singular the machinery, engines, boilers, furnaces, generators, dynamos, turbines and motors, and all and every character of mechanical appliance for generating or producing electricity, steam, water, gas and other
agencies for light, heat, cold or power or any other purpose whatsoever. 

SECOND. 

Also all transmission and distribution systems used for the transmission and distribution of electricity, steam, water, gas and other agencies
for light, heat, cold or power, or any other purpose whatsoever, whether underground or overhead or on the surface or otherwise of the Company, or which, subject to the provisions of Article XII of the Original Indenture, the Company may hereafter
acquire, including all poles, posts, wires, cables, conduits, mains, pipes, tubes, drains, furnaces, switchboards, transformers, insulators, meters, lamps, fuses, junction boxes, water pumping stations, regulator stations, town border metering
stations and other electric, steam, water and gas fixtures and apparatus. 

THIRD. 

Also all franchises and all permits, ordinances, easements, privileges and immunities and licenses, all rights to construct, maintain and
operate overhead, surface and underground systems for the distribution and transmission of electricity, gas, water or steam for the supply to itself or others of light, heat, cold or power or any other purpose whatsoever, all rights-of-way, all waters, water rights and flowage rights and all grants and consents, now owned by the Company or, subject to the provisions of Article XII of the Original
Indenture, which it may hereafter acquire. 

7 

Also all inventions, patent rights and licenses of every kind now owned by the Company or,
subject to the provisions of Article XII of the Original Indenture, which it may hereafter acquire. 

FOURTH. 

Also, subject to the provisions of Article XII of the Original Indenture, all other property, real, personal and mixed (except as therein or
herein expressly excepted) of every nature and kind and wheresoever situated now or hereafter possessed by or belonging to the Company, or to which it is now, or may at any time hereafter be, in any manner entitled at law or in equity. 

FIFTH. 

Also any and all
property of any kind or description which may from time to time after the date of the Original Indenture by delivery or by writing of any kind be conveyed, mortgaged, pledged, assigned or transferred to the Trustee by the Company or by any person,
copartnership or corporation, with the consent of the Company or otherwise, and accepted by the Trustee, to be held as part of the mortgaged property; and the Trustee is hereby authorized to accept and receive any such property and any such
conveyance, mortgage, pledge, assignment and transfer, as and for additional security hereunder, and to hold and apply any and all such property subject to and in accordance with the terms and provisions upon which such conveyance, mortgage, pledge,
assignment or transfer shall be made. 

SIXTH. 

Together with all and singular, the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances belonging or in anywise appertaining to the aforesaid property
or any part thereof, with the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, tolls, rents, revenues, issues, income, products and profits thereof, and all the estate, right, title, interest and claim whatsoever, at law and in equity, which the
Company now has or may hereafter acquire in and to the aforesaid property and franchises and every part and parcel thereof. 

EXPRESSLY
EXCEPTING AND EXCLUDING, HOWEVER, all properties of the character excepted from the lien of the Original Indenture. 

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD
all said properties, real, personal and mixed, mortgaged, pledged and conveyed by the Company as aforesaid, or intended so to be, unto the Trustee and its successors and assigns forever; 

8 

SUBJECT, HOWEVER, to the exceptions and reservations hereinabove referred to, to existing
leases other than leases which by their terms are subordinate to the lien of the Indenture, to existing liens upon rights-of-way for transmission or distribution line
purposes, as defined in Article I of the Original Indenture; and any extensions thereof, and subject to existing easements for streets, alleys, highways, rights-of-way
and railroad purposes over, upon and across certain of the property herein before described and subject also to all the terms, conditions, agreements, covenants, exceptions and reservations expressed or provided in the deeds or other instruments
respectively under and by virtue of which the Company acquired the properties hereinabove described and to undetermined liens and charges, if any, incidental to construction or other existing permitted liens as defined in Article I of the Original
Indenture; 

IN TRUST, NEVERTHELESS, upon the terms and trusts in the Original Indenture, and the indentures supplemental thereto,
including this Supplemental Indenture, set forth, for the equal and proportionate benefit and security of all present and future holders of the Bonds and coupons issued and to be issued thereunder, or any of them, without preference of any of said
Bonds and coupons of any particular series over the Bonds and coupons of any other series by reason of priority in the time of issue, sale or negotiation thereof, or by reason of the purpose of issue or otherwise howsoever, except as otherwise
provided in Section 2 of Article IV of the Original Indenture. 

AND IT IS HEREBY COVENANTED, DECLARED AND AGREED, by and between the
parties hereto for the benefit of those who shall hold the Bonds and coupons, or any of them, to be issued under the Indenture as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DESCRIPTIONOF BONDSOFTHE 5.25% SERIESDUE 2035 

Section 1. General Description of Bonds of the 5.25% Series due
2035. The Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 to be executed, authenticated and delivered under and secured by the Original Indenture shall be designated as First Mortgage Bonds, 5.25% Series due 2035 of the Company. The Bonds
of the 5.25% Series due 2035 shall be executed, authenticated and delivered in accordance with the provisions of, and shall in all respects be subject to, all of the terms, conditions and covenants of the Indenture and subject to all the terms,
conditions and covenants of this Supplemental Indenture. 

Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 shall mature on March 15, 2035 and shall
bear interest at the rate of 5.25 percent (5.25%) per annum payable semi-annually on the fifteenth day of March and September in each year, commencing September 15, 2025. Every Bond of the 5.25% Series due 2035 shall be dated the date of
authentication of such Bond except that, notwithstanding the provisions of Section 6 of Article II of the Original Indenture, if any Bond of the 5.25% Series due 2035 shall be authenticated at any time subsequent to the record date (as
hereinafter in this Section defined) for any interest payment date but prior to the 

9 

day following such interest payment date, it shall be dated as of the day following such interest payment date, provided, however, if at the time of authentication of any Bond of
the 5.25% Series due 2035 interest shall be in default on any Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035, such Bond shall be dated as of the day following the interest payment date to which interest has previously been paid in full or made available for
payment in full on outstanding Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035, as the case may be, or, if no interest has been paid or made available for payment, as of the date of initial authentication and delivery of such Bond. Every Bond of the 5.25% Series
due 2035 shall bear interest from the March 15 or September 15 immediately preceding the date thereof, unless such Bond shall be dated prior to September 15, 2025, in which case it shall bear interest from March 13, 2025. 

The person in whose name any Bond of the 5.25% Series due 2035 is registered at the close of business on any record date with regard to any
interest payment date shall be entitled to receive the interest payable thereon on such interest payment date notwithstanding the cancellation of such Bond upon the transfer or exchange thereof subsequent to such record date and prior to the day
following such interest payment date, unless the Company shall default in the payment of the interest due on such interest payment date, in which case such defaulted interest shall be paid to the person in whose name such Bond is registered on the
date of payment of such defaulted interest. The term record date as used in this Section with regard to any March 15 and September 15 interest payment date shall mean the close of business on (i) the Business Day
immediately preceding such interest payment date for so long as all of the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 remain in book-entry only form or (ii) the fifteenth calendar day immediately preceding each interest payment date if any of the Bonds
do not remain in book-entry only form. The Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 shall be payable as to principal, premium, if any, and interest, in any coin or currency of the United States of America which at the time of payment is legal tender for
public and private debts, at the agency of the Company in the City of Chicago, Illinois, or at the option of the holder thereof at the agency of the Company in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, provided that at the option of the
Company interest may be paid by check mailed to the holder at such holders registered address. 

Section 2. Denominations of Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 and Privilege of Exchange. The Bonds
of the 5.25% Series due 2035 shall be registered bonds without coupons of the minimum denominations of $2,000 and of any integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof, numbered consecutively from R-1. Bonds
of the 5.25% Series due 2035 may each be interchanged for other Bonds within the same Series in authorized denominations and in the same aggregate principal amounts, without charge, except for any tax or governmental charge imposed in connection
with such interchange. 

Section 3. Form of Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035. The Bonds
of the 5.25% Series due 2035, and the Trustees Certificate with respect thereto, shall be substantially in the following forms, respectively: 

10 

[Form of Bond appears on following page]

11 

[FORM OF LEGEND FOR GLOBAL SECURITY] 

THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE
THEREOF. THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR A SECURITY REGISTERED, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IN WHOLE OR IN PART MAY BE REGISTERED, IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF, EXCEPT IN
THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE OR ANY SUPPLEMENT THERETO. 

UNLESS THIS SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE
DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (55 WATER STREET, NEW YORK, NEW YORK) TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT AND ANY SECURITY ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS REQUESTED BY
AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY AND ANY PAYMENT HEREON IS MADE TO CEDE & CO., ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO A PERSON IS WRONGFUL SINCE THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF,
CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

CUSIP 30036F AD3 

EVERGY KANSAS CENTRAL, INC. 

(Incorporated under the laws of the State of Kansas) 

FIRST MORTGAGE BOND, 5.25% SERIES DUE 2035 

DUE MARCH 15, 2035 

No. R-1 $[ ],000,000.00

EVERGY KANSAS CENTRAL, INC., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Kansas
(hereinafter called the Company, which term shall include any successor corporation as defined in the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns, on
the fifteenth day of March, 2035, the principal sum of [ ] MILLION DOLLARS ($[ ],000,000.00) in any coin or currency of the United States of America which at the time of payment is legal tender for public

12 

and private debts, and to pay interest thereon in like coin or currency from the fifteenth day of March and September immediately preceding the date of this Bond, unless such Bond shall be dated
prior to September 15, 2025, in which case from March 13, 2025 at the rate of 5.25 percent (5.25%) per annum, payable semi-annually, on March 15 and September 15 of each year, commencing September 15, 2025, until
maturity, or, if this Bond shall be duly called for redemption or submitted for repurchase, until the redemption date or repurchase date, as the case may be, or, if the Company shall default in the payment of the principal or premium hereof, until
the Companys obligation with respect to the payment of such principal or premium shall be discharged as provided in the Indenture hereinafter mentioned. The interest payable on any March 15 or September 15 interest payment date as
aforesaid will be paid to the person in whose name this Bond is registered at the close of business on the record date for the interest payment date, which will be the close of business on (i) the Business Day immediately preceding such
interest payment date for so as long as this Bond remains in book-entry only form or (ii) the fifteenth calendar day immediately preceding each interest payment date if this Bond does not remain in book-entry only form (the record
date), unless the Company shall default in the payment of the interest due on such interest payment date, in which case such defaulted interest shall be paid to the person in whose name this Bond is registered on the date of payment of
such defaulted interest. Principal of, premium, if any, and interest on, this Bond are payable at the agency of the Company in the City of Chicago, Illinois in immediately available funds, or at the option of the holder thereof at the agency of the
Company in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, provided that at the option of the Company interest may be paid by check mailed to the holder at such holders registered address. 

This Bond is one of a duly authorized issue of Bonds of the Company (herein called the Bonds), in unlimited aggregate
principal amount, of the series hereinafter specified, all issued and to be issued under and equally and ratably secured by a Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated July 1, 1939 (the Original Mortgage), executed by the Company to
The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (herein called the Trustee), as Trustee (as successor to Harris Trust and Savings Bank), as amended by indentures supplemental thereto including the Fifty-Third indenture
supplemental thereto dated as of March 13, 2025 (herein called the Supplemental Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee (said Original Mortgage, as so amended, being herein called the Indenture), to
which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a description of the properties mortgaged and pledged, the nature and extent of the security, the rights of the bearers or registered owners of the Bonds and of the
Trustee in respect thereto, and the terms and conditions upon which the Bonds are, and are to be, secured. The Bonds may be issued in series, for various principal sums, may mature at different times, may bear interest at different rates and may
otherwise vary as in the Indenture provided. This Bond is one of a series designated as the First Mortgage Bonds, 5.25% Series due 2035 (herein called Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035) of the Company, issued under
and secured by the Indenture executed by the Company to the Trustee. Additional Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 may be issued, at the option of the Company, without the consent of any holder of the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035, at any time
and from time to time in unlimited aggregate principal amount. 

13 

To the extent permitted by, and as provided in the Indenture, modifications or alterations
of the Indenture or of any indenture supplemental thereto, and of the rights and obligations of the Company and of the holders of the Bonds and coupons, may be made with the consent of the Company by an affirmative vote of not less than 60% in
principal amount of the Bonds entitled to vote then outstanding, at a meeting of holders of the Bonds called and held as provided in the Indenture, and by an affirmative vote of not less than 60% in principal amount of the Bonds of any series
entitled to vote then outstanding and affected by such modification or alteration, in case one or more but less than all of the series of Bonds then outstanding under the Indenture are so affected. No modification or alteration shall be made which
will affect the terms of payment of the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on, this Bond, which are unconditional. The Company has reserved the right to make certain amendments to the Indenture, without any consent or other action by
holders of the Bonds of this series (i) to the extent necessary from time to time to qualify the Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, (ii) to delete the requirement that the Company meet a net earnings test as a condition to
authenticating additional Bonds or merging into another company, (iii) to make certain other amendments which make the provisions for the release of mortgaged property less restrictive and (iv) to make certain other amendments, all as more
fully provided in the Indenture and in the Supplemental Indenture. In addition, once all Bonds issued prior to January 1, 1997 are no longer outstanding, the Company will be permitted to issue additional Bonds in an amount equal to 70% of the
value of net bondable property additions not subject to an unfunded prior lien, as provided in the Original Mortgage. 

This Bond is
subject to redemption by the Company, prior to December 15, 2034 (the Par Call Date) at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount
and rounded to three decimals) equal to the greater of: (1)(a) the sum of present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the bonds matured on the Par Call Date) on a
semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate applicable to the Bond plus 15 basis points less (b) interest
accrued to the redemption date; and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the Bond to be redeemed, plus in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. 

This Bond is subject to redemption by the Company on or after Par Call Date at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to
time in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Bond to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, but excluding, the redemption date. 

14 

For purposes of the optional redemption provisions, the following term has the following
meaning: 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance
with the following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after
such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear
after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any successor designation or publication)
(H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturities Nominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate,
the Company shall select, as applicable: 

the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the
Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or 

if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two
yieldsone yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Lifeand shall interpolate to the
Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or 

if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield
for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this clause, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of
months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

If on the third business
day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second
business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date, but there are two
or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a 

15 

maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the
Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date, or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two
or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In
determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage
of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

The
Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 

The Trustee shall have no obligation or duty whatsoever to determine, or to verify the Companys calculations of, the redemption price.

Such redemption in every case shall be effected upon notice given: (1) at least ten days and not more than sixty days prior to the
redemption date, to the registered owners of such Bonds at their addresses as the same shall appear on the transfer register of the Company; and (2) stating, among other things, the redemption price (or if not then ascertainable, the manner of
calculation thereof) and date, in each case, subject to the conditions of and as more fully set forth in the Indenture. If less than all of the outstanding Bonds are to be redeemed, the Bonds to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with the
policies and procedures of The Depository Trust Company (or any successor depositary thereto), provided that in the event the Bonds are no longer held in the global form, the Bonds to be redeemed shall be selected by the Trustee by lot. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as there is no existing default in the payment on the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035, installments
of interest on the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 that are due and payable on an interest payment date falling on or prior to a redemption date shall be payable on such interest payment date to the registered owners of the Bonds of the 5.25%
Series due 2035 as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 and the Indenture, except as and to the extent the Company shall default in the payment of the interest due on such interest
payment date, in which case defaulted interest shall be paid to the person in whose name such Bond of the 5.25% Series due 2035 is registered on the date of payment of such defaulted interest. The redemption price will be calculated assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. 

16 

A notice of redemption may provide that the optional redemption described in such notice is
conditioned upon the occurrence of certain events before the redemption date. Such notice of conditional redemption will be of no effect unless all such conditions to the redemption have occurred before the redemption date or have been waived by the
Company. If any of these events fail to occur and are not waived by the Company, the Company will be under no obligation to redeem the Bonds or pay the holders thereof any redemption proceeds, and the Companys failure to so redeem the Bonds
will not be considered a default or event of default under the Indenture. In the event that any of these conditions fail to occur and are not waived by the Company, the Company will promptly notify the Trustee in writing that the conditions
precedent to such redemption have failed to occur and the Bonds will not be redeemed. 

Unless the Company defaults in payment of the
redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Bonds or portions of the Bonds called for redemption. 

In case an event of default, as defined in the Indenture, shall occur, the principal of all of the Bonds at any such time outstanding under
the Indenture may be declared or may become due and payable, upon the conditions and in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. The Indenture provides that such declaration may in certain events be waived by the holders of a
majority in principal amount of the Bonds outstanding. 

This Bond is transferable by the registered owner hereof, in person or by duly
authorized attorney, on the books of the Company to be kept for that purpose at the agency of the Company in the City of Chicago, Illinois, and at the agency of the Company in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, upon surrender and
cancellation of this Bond and on presentation of a duly executed written instrument of transfer, and thereupon a new registered Bond or Bonds of the same series, of the same aggregate principal amount and in authorized denominations will be issued
to the transferee or transferees in exchange herefor; and this Bond, with or without others of like form and series, may in like manner be exchanged for one or more new registered Bonds of the same series of other authorized denominations but of the
same aggregate principal amount; all upon payment of the charges and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture. 

The
Company or a successor entity may deliver to the Trustee in substitution for any Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035, mortgage bonds or other similar instruments as set forth in the Indenture. 

Subject to the preceding sentence, no recourse shall be had for the payment of the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on this Bond,
or for any claim based hereon or on the Indenture or any indenture supplemental thereto, against any incorporator, or against any stockholder, director or officer, past, present or future, of the Company, or of any predecessor or successor
corporation, as such, either directly or through the Company or any such predecessor or successor 

17 

corporation, whether by virtue of any constitution, statute or rule of law, or by the enforcement of any assessment or penalty or otherwise, all such liability, whether at common law, in equity,
by any constitution, statute or otherwise, of incorporators, stockholders, directors or officers being released by every owner hereof by the acceptance of this Bond and as part of the consideration for the issue hereof, and being likewise released
by the terms of the Indenture. 

No director, officer, employee or stockholder of the Company will have any liability for any obligations
of the Company under the Bonds or Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each holder by accepting a Bond waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the
consideration for issuance of the Bonds. The waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the federal securities laws. It is the view of the Securities and Exchange Commission that this type of waiver is against public policy. 

This Bond shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or any indenture supplemental thereto, or become valid or obligatory for
any purpose, until The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., the Trustee (as successor to Harris Trust and Savings Bank) under the Indenture, or a successor trustee thereto under the Indenture, shall have signed the form of certificate
endorsed hereon. 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, EVERGY KANSAS CENTRAL, INC. has caused this Bond to be signed in its
name by its Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer or a Vice President, manually, by facsimile or electronically, and its corporate seal (or a facsimile thereof) to be hereto affixed and attested by its Secretary or an
Assistant Secretary, manually, by facsimile or electronically. 

Dated: 

EVERGY KANSAS CENTRAL, INC.

By: 

Geoffrey T. Ley

Vice President, Corporate Planning

and
Treasurer

Attest: 

Heather A. Humphrey

Senior Vice President, General Counsel and

Corporate Secretary

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO GLOBAL NOTE] 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE 

This
Bond is one of the Bonds, of the series designated herein, described in the within-mentioned Mortgage and Deed of Trust dated July 1, 1939 and Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 13, 2025. 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

TRUST
COMPANY, N.A.

As Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

19 

[TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE TO GLOBAL NOTE] 

20 

Section 4. Execution and Form of Temporary Bonds of the
5.25% Series due 2035 . Until Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 in definitive form are ready for delivery, the Company may execute, and upon its request in writing the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in lieu thereof, Bonds of the 5.25%
Series due 2035 in temporary form, as provided in Section 9 of Article II of the Original Indenture. 

ARTICLE II 

ISSUEOF BONDSOFTHE 5.25% SERIESDUE
2035 

Section 1. Limitation as to Principal Amount of Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035.
The total principal amount of Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 which may be authenticated and delivered hereunder is not limited except as the Original Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture limit the principal amount of Bonds which may be
issued thereunder. 

Section 2. Execution and Delivery of Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035.
Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 for the aggregate principal amount of $300,000,000 may forthwith be executed by the Company and delivered to the Trustee and shall be authenticated by the Trustee and delivered (either before or after the
filing or recording hereof) to or upon the order of the Company, upon receipt by the Trustee of the resolutions, certificates, instruments and opinions required by Article III of the Original Indenture. 

Section 3. Additional Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035. The Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 need not be issued at
the same time. Subject to the limitations of the Original Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture with respect to the principal amount of Bonds which may be issued thereunder, the Company may, from time to time, at its option and without the
consent of any holder of the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035, reopen the 5.25% Series due 2035 for issuance of additional Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 (such Bonds, Additional Bonds); provided that if the Additional
Bonds are not fungible with the previously issued Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 for United States federal income tax purposes, the Additional Bonds will have a separate CUSIP number, and further provided that Additional Bonds shall rank
pari passu with any outstanding Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035, shall be consolidated with and treated as a single series with the outstanding Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 for all purposes, and shall have terms and conditions
identical to those of the other outstanding Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035, except that Additional Bonds may differ with respect to: 

(i) the date of issuance; 

(ii)
the amount of interest payable on the first interest payment date therefor; 

(iii) the first interest payment date; 

21 

(iv) the issue price; and 

(v) any adjustments necessary in order to conform to and ensure compliance with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (or other applicable
securities laws), which are not adverse in any material respect to the holder of any outstanding Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035. 

Additional Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 executed by the Company and delivered to the Trustee shall be authenticated by the Trustee and
delivered (either before or after the filing or recording hereof) to or upon the order of the Company, upon receipt by the Trustee of the resolutions, certificates, instruments and opinions required by Article III of the Original Indenture. 

ARTICLE III 

REDEMPTIONAND SUBSTITUTIONOF BONDSOFTHE 5.25% SERIESDUE 2035 

Section 1. Optional Redemption of
Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035.

(1) Optional Redemption of Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035. The Bonds of
the 5.25% Series due 2035 are subject to redemption by the Company, prior to December 15, 2034 (the Par Call Date) at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, after giving the required notice under
subsection (2) of this Article III, Section 1, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimals) equal to the greater of: (1)(a) the sum of present values of the remaining scheduled
payments of principal and interest on Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate applicable to the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 plus fifteen (15) basis points less
(b) interest accrued to the redemption date; and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 to be redeemed, plus in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. 

On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 at its option, in whole or in part, at any time
and from time to time, after giving the required notice under subsection (2) of this Article III, Section 1, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 to be redeemed, plus accrued
and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. 

For purposes of the optional redemption provisions, the following
term has the following meaning: 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the
Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs. 

22 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or
after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that
appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any successor designation or
publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturities Nominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the
Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: 

the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the
Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or 

if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two
yieldsone yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Lifeand shall interpolate to the
Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or 

if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield
for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this clause, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of
months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

If on the third business
day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second
business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date, but there are two
or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United
States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date, or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the
preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury 

23 

securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York
City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as
a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

The Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error. 

The Trustee shall have no obligation or duty whatsoever to determine, or to verify the Companys calculations of,
the redemption price. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as there is no existing default in the payment on the Bonds of the 5.25%
Series due 2035, installments of interest on the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 that are due and payable on an interest payment date falling on or prior to a redemption date shall be payable on such interest payment date to the registered owners
of the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 and the Indenture, except as and to the extent the Company shall default in the payment of the
interest due on such interest payment date, in which case defaulted interest shall be paid to the person in whose name such Bond of the 5.25% Series due 2035 is registered on the date of payment of such defaulted interest. The redemption price will
be calculated assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. 

Unless the Company defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Bonds
of the 5.25% Series due 2035 or portions of the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 called for redemption. 

(2) Notice of
Redemption. Subject to the provisions of Article V of the Original Indenture, in the case of redeeming all or any portion of the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035, the Company shall cause notice of redemption to be given (1) at least ten
days and not more than sixty days prior to the date of redemption, to the registered owners of such Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 at their addresses as the same shall appear on the transfer register of the Company; and (2) stating, among
other things, the redemption price (or if not then ascertainable, the manner of calculation thereof) and date. If less than all of the outstanding Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 are to be redeemed, the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 to be
redeemed shall be selected in accordance with the policies and procedures of DTC (or any successor thereto), provided that in the event the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 are no longer held in the global form, the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due
2035 to be redeemed shall be selected by the Trustee by lot. 

24 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a notice of redemption may provide that the optional
redemption described in such notice is conditioned upon the occurrence of certain events before the date of redemption. Such notice of conditional redemption will be of no effect unless all such conditions to the redemption shall have occurred
before the redemption date or shall have been waived by the Company. If any of these events fail to occur and are not waived by the Company, the Company will be under no obligation to redeem the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 or pay the holders
thereof any redemption proceeds and the Companys failure to so redeem the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 will not be considered a default or event of default under the Indenture. In the event that any of these conditions fail to occur or
are not waived by the Company, the Company will promptly notify the Trustee in writing that the conditions precedent to such redemption have failed to occur and the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 will not be redeemed. 

In connection with any redemption of the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 occurring prior to the Par Call Date, the Company shall give the
Trustee notice of the redemption price promptly after the calculation thereof and the Trustee shall not be responsible for such calculation. 

Section 2. Substitution of Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035. The Company may deliver to
the Trustee in substitution for any Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035, mortgage bonds or other similar secured instruments of the Company or any successor entity, whether by merger, combination or acquisition of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Company, or otherwise, issued under a mortgage and deed of trust or similar instrument of the Company or any successor entity in like principal amount of like term and bearing the same rate of interest and having the same interest
payment dates and same redemption provisions as the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 and which are otherwise substantially similar to the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 (such substituted bonds hereinafter being referred to in this Article III,
Section 2 as the 5.25% Series due 2035 Substituted Mortgage Bonds). The 5.25% Series due 2035 Substituted Mortgage Bonds may only be delivered to the Trustee upon receipt by the Trustee of (i) a letter from Moodys
(as hereinafter defined), dated within ten days prior to the date of delivery of the 5.25% Series due 2035 Substituted Mortgage Bonds, stating that its rating of the 5.25% Series due 2035 Substituted Mortgage Bonds is at least equal to its then
current rating on the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035, (ii) a letter from S&P (as hereinafter defined), dated within ten days prior to the date of delivery of the 5.25% Series due 2035 Substituted Mortgage Bonds, stating that its rating of
the 5.25% Series due 2035 Substituted Mortgage Bonds is at least equal to its then current rating on the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035, (iii) an opinion of counsel, which may be counsel to the Company or any successor entity, that such
substitution will not result in the recognition of capital gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the holders of the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035, (iv) an opinion of counsel which may be counsel to the Company or any successor
entity, to the effect that the 5.25% Series due 2035 Substituted Mortgage Bonds shall have been duly and validly authorized, executed, authenticated, and 

25 

delivered and shall constitute the valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Company or any successor entity enforceable in accordance with their terms, except as limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws affecting the enforcement of mortgagees and other creditors rights and shall be entitled to the benefit of the mortgage and deed of trust or other similar instrument pursuant to which they shall have
been issued and (v) such other certificates and documents with respect to the issuance and delivery of the 5.25% Series due 2035 Substituted Mortgage Bonds as may be required by law or as the Trustee may reasonably request. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State
of Delaware, its successors and their assigns, except that if such corporation shall be dissolved or liquidated or shall no longer perform the functions of a securities rating agency, then the term Moodys shall be deemed to refer
to any other nationally recognized securities rating agency selected by the Company. 

S&P means S&P Global
Ratings, duly organized and existing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of New York, and its successors and assigns, except that if such rating agency shall be dissolved or liquidated or shall no longer perform the functions of a
securities rating agency, then the term S&P shall be deemed to refer to any other nationally recognized securities rating agency selected by the Company. 

ARTICLE IV 

ADDITIONAL COVENANTS

The Company hereby covenants, warrants and agrees: 

Section 1. Title to Mortgaged Property. That the Company is lawfully seized and possessed of all of
the mortgaged property described in the granting clauses of this Supplemental Indenture; that it has good, right and lawful authority to mortgage the same as provided in this Supplemental Indenture; and that such mortgaged property is, at the actual
date of the initial issue of the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 and at the date of issuance of any Additional Bonds, as applicable, free and clear of any deed of trust, mortgage, lien, charge or encumbrance thereon or affecting the title thereto
prior to the Indenture, except as set forth in the granting clauses of the Original Indenture, the Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture, the Thirty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, the Forty-Second Supplemental Indenture, the Forty-Second Supplemental
(Reopening) Indenture, the Forty-Third Supplemental Indenture, the Forty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, the Forty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, the Forty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture, the Forty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture, the Forty-Ninth
Supplemental Indenture, the Fiftieth Supplemental Indenture, the Fifty-First Supplemental Indenture, the Fifty-Second Supplemental Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture. 

26 

Section 2. To Retire Certain Portions of Bonds upon Release
of All or Substantially All of the Electric Properties. So long as any Bonds of any series originally issued prior to January 1, 1997 are outstanding, in the event all or substantially all of the electric properties shall have been
released as an entirety from the lien of the Original Indenture, the Company will, at any time or from time to time within six months after the date of such release, retire Bonds outstanding under the Original Indenture in an aggregate principal
amount equal to the fair value of the electric properties so released pursuant to Section 3 of Article VII of the Original Indenture, as stated in the engineers certificate required by Section 3(b) of said Article VII, and
the proceeds of the electric properties so released pursuant to Section 5 of said Article VII. Such retirement of Bonds shall be effected in either one or both of the following methods: 

(a) By the withdrawal pursuant to Section 2 of Article VIII of the Original Indenture of any moneys deposited with the Trustee
pursuant to Sections 3(d), 4(d) and 5 of Article VII of the Original Indenture upon such release; or 

(b) By causing the Trustee to
purchase or redeem bonds, pursuant to Section 8 of Article VIII of the Original Indenture, out of any moneys deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Sections 3(d), 4(d) and 5 of Article VII of the Original Indenture upon such
release. 

The Bonds to be so retired pursuant to such Section 3 of Article VII of the Original Indenture shall include a principal
amount of Bonds of each Series then outstanding in the same ratio to the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds so retired as the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds of each Series outstanding immediately prior to such release bears to the
total principal amount of all Bonds then outstanding. 

Section 3. The Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 shall be subject to
the following provision:

The Company agrees (i) to provide the Trustee with such reasonable information as it has in its
possession to enable the Trustee to determine whether any payments pursuant to the Indenture are subject to the withholding requirements described in Section 1471(b) of the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and any regulations, or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof (Applicable Law), and (ii) that the Trustee shall be entitled to make any
withholding or deduction from payments under the Indenture to the extent necessary to comply with Applicable Law, for which the Trustee shall not have any liability. 

27 

ARTICLE V 

AMENDMENTSAND RESERVATIONSOF RIGHTSTO
AMENDTHE ORIGINAL INDENTURE

Section 1. So Long as Bonds Issued Prior to January 1, 1997 Remain Outstanding.
So long as any of the Bonds of any series originally issued prior to January 1, 1997 shall remain outstanding: 

(a)
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 4 of Article III of the Original Indenture, no Bonds shall be authenticated and delivered pursuant to the provisions of Article III of the Original Indenture and issued upon the basis of net bondable
value of property additions for an aggregate principal amount in excess of sixty percent (60%) of the net bondable value of property additions not subject to an unfunded prior lien. 

For the purposes of Subsections (e) and (f) of the definition of net bondable value of property additions not subject to an
unfunded prior lien, contained in Article I of the Original Indenture, and Subdivisions 8 and 9 of clause (a) of Section 4 of Article III of the Original Indenture, in all computations made with respect to a period subsequent to
April 1, 1949, the deductions therein referred to shall in each case be ten-sixths (10/6ths) of the respective amounts mentioned, in lieu of ten-sevenths (10/7ths).

(b) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3(a) of Article VIII of the Original Indenture, no moneys received by the Trustee
pursuant to Section 5(a) of Article III of the Original Indenture shall be paid over by the Trustee in an amount in excess of sixty percent (60%) of the net bondable value of property additions not subject to an unfunded prior lien, and for the
purposes of Section 3 of Article VII of the Original Indenture, the amount of cash required to be deposited by the Company pursuant to Subsection (d) of said Section 3 of Article VII shall not be reduced in an amount in
excess of sixty percent (60%) of the net bondable value of property additions not subject to an unfunded prior lien. 

(c) For the purposes
of clauses (c) and (d) of the definition of net bondable value of property additions subject to an unfunded prior lien, contained in Article I of the Original Indenture, and Subsection 7 of clause (a) of Section 4 of
Article III of the Original Indenture, in all computations made with respect to a period subsequent to April 1, 1949, the deductions therein referred to shall in each case be ten-sixths (10/6ths) of the
respective amounts mentioned, in lieu of ten-sevenths (10/7ths). 

(d) Subsection (a) of
Section 14, clauses (1) and (2) of Subsection (a) of Section 16 of Article IV and clause (1) of Subsection (b) of Section 1 of Article XII of the Original Indenture shall be deemed amended by substituting the
words sixty percent (60%) for seventy percent (70%) where they appear in said provisions of the Original Indenture. 

28 

(e) The definition of the term net earnings available for interest, depreciation
and property retirement, as contained in Article I of the Original Indenture, shall be deemed to mean the net earnings of the Company ascertained as follows: 

(I) The total operating revenues of the Company and the net non-operating revenues of
the properties of the Company shall be ascertained: 

(A) From the total, determined as provided in Subsection (a), there
shall be deducted all operating expenses, including all salaries, rentals, insurance, license and franchise fees, expenditures for repairs and maintenance, taxes (other than income, excess profits and other taxes measured by or dependent on net
taxable income), depreciation as shown on the books of the Company or an amount equal to the minimum provision for depreciation as hereinafter defined, whichever is greater, but excluding all property retirement appropriations, all interest and
sinking fund charges, amortization of stock and debt discount and expense or premium and further excluding any charges to income or otherwise for the amortization of plant or property accounts or of amounts transferred therefrom. 

(B) The balance remaining after the deduction of the total amount computed pursuant to Subsection (b) from the total
amount computed pursuant to Subsection (a) shall constitute the net earnings of the Company available for interest, provided that not more than fifteen percent (15%) of the net earnings of the Company available for interest
may consist of the aggregate of (1) net non-operating income, (2) net earnings from mortgaged property other than property of the character of property additions and (3) net earnings from
property not subject to the lien of this Indenture. 

(C) No income received or accrued by the Company from securities and
no profits or losses of capital assets shall be included in making the computations aforesaid. 

(D) In case the Company
shall have acquired any acquired plant or systems or shall have been consolidated or merged with any other corporation, within or after the particular period for which the calculation of net earnings of the Company available for interest,
depreciation and property retirement is made, then, in computing the net earnings of the Company available for interest, depreciation and property retirement, there may be included, to the extent they may not have been otherwise included, the net
earnings or net losses of such acquired plant or system or of 

29 

such other corporation, as the case may be, for the whole of such period. The net earnings or net losses of such property additions, or of such other corporation for the period preceding such
acquisition or such consolidation or merger, shall be ascertained and computed as provided in the foregoing subsections of this definition as if such acquired plant or system had been owned by the Company during the whole of such period, or as if
such other corporation had been consolidated or merged with the Company prior to the first day of such period. 

(E) In case
the Company shall have obtained the release of any property pursuant to Section 3 of Article VII of the Original Indenture, of a fair value in excess of Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000), as shown by the engineers certificate
required by said Section 3, or shall have obtained the release of any property pursuant to Section 5 of Article VII of the Original Indenture, the proceeds of which shall have exceeded Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000), within
or after the particular period for which the calculation of net earnings of the Company available for interest, depreciation and property retirement is made, then, in computing the net earnings of the Company available for interest, depreciation and
property retirement, the net earnings or net losses of such property for the whole of such period shall be excluded to the extent practicable on the basis of actual earnings and expenses of such property or on the basis of such estimates of the
earnings and expenses of such property as the signers of an officers certificate filed with the Trustee pursuant to Section 3(b) of Article III or Section 16 of Article IV of the Original Indenture shall deem proper. 

(II) The term minimum charge for depreciation as used herein shall mean an amount equal to (A) fifteen
percent (15%) of the total operating revenues of the Company after deducting therefrom an amount equal to the aggregate cost to the Company of electric energy, gas and water purchased for resale to others and rentals paid for, or other payments made
for the use of, property owned by others and leased to or operated by the Company, the maintenance of which and depreciation on which are borne by the owners, less (B) an amount equal to the expenditures for maintenance and repairs to the
plants and property of the Company and included or reflected in its operating expense accounts. 

(III) The terms
net earnings available for interest, depreciation and property retirement and net earnings of another corporation available for interest, depreciation and property retirement as contained in Article I of the
Original Indenture, when used with respect to any property or with respect to another corporation, shall mean the net earnings of such property or the net earnings of such other corporation, as the case may be, computed in the manner provided in
Subsections (a), (b), (c) and (d) hereof. 

30 

(f) Notwithstanding the provisions of clauses (1) and (2) of Subsection
(b) of Section 3 of Article III, and Subsection (b) of Section 14 of Article IV, and Subsection (b) of Section 16 of Article IV and clause (2) of Subsection (b) of Section 1 of Article XII
of the Original Indenture, the computation of net earnings required therein shall be made as provided in Subsection (e) of this Section 1, and the net earnings tests required in said mentioned provisions of Articles III, IV and XII of the
Original Indenture shall be based on two times the annual interest charges described in such provisions, instead of two and one-half times such charges, but shall not otherwise affect such provisions or
relieve from the requirements therein pertaining to ten percent (10%) of the principal amount of Bonds therein described. 

Section 2. Facsimile Signatures. All of the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 and of any series
initially issued after the initial issuance of Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 shall, from time to time, be executed on behalf of the Company by its Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President or one of its Vice Presidents whose
signature, notwithstanding the provisions of Section 12 of Article II of the Original Indenture, may be by facsimile, and its corporate seal (which may be in facsimile) shall be thereunto affixed and attested by its Secretary or one of its
Assistant Secretaries whose signature, notwithstanding the provisions of the aforesaid Section 12, may be by facsimile. 

In case any
of the officers who have signed or sealed any of the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 or of any series initially issued after the initial issuance of Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035 manually or by facsimile shall cease to be such officers of
the Company before such Bonds so signed and sealed shall have been actually authenticated by the Trustee or delivered by the Company, such Bonds nevertheless may be authenticated, issued and delivered with the same force and effect as though the
person or persons who so signed or sealed such Bonds had not ceased to be such officer or officers of the Company; and also any such Bonds may be signed or sealed by manual or facsimile signature on behalf of the Company by such persons as at the
actual date of the execution of any of such Bonds shall be the proper officers of the Company, although at the nominal date of any such Bond any such person shall not have been such officer of the Company. 

Section 3. Reservation of Right to Amend Article VII. The Company reserves the right subject to
appropriate corporate action, but without the consent or other action of holders of bonds of any series created after January 1, 1997, to make such amendments to the Original Indenture, as supplemented, as shall be necessary in order to amend
Article VII thereof by adding thereto a Section 8 and a Section 9 to read as follows: 

31 

SECTION 8. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture,
unless an event of default shall have happened and be continuing, or shall happen as a result of the making or granting of an application to release mortgaged property permitted by this Section 8, the Trustee shall release from the lien of this
Indenture any mortgaged property if the fair value to the Company of all of the property constituting the trust estate (excluding the mortgaged property to be released but including any mortgaged property to be acquired by the Company with the
proceeds of, or otherwise in connection with, such release) equals or exceeds an amount equal to 10/7ths of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Bonds and prior lien bonds outstanding at the time of such release, upon receipt by the Trustee
of: 

(a) an officers certificate dated the date of such release, requesting such release, describing in
reasonable detail the mortgaged property to be released and stating the reason for such release; 

(b) an
engineers certificate, dated the date of such release, stating (i) that the signer of such engineers certificate has examined such officers certificate in connection with such release, (ii) the fair value to the Company,
in the opinion of the signer of such engineers certificate, of (A) all of the property constituting the trust estate, and (B) the mortgaged property to be released, in each case as of a date not more than 90 days prior to the date of
such release, and (iii) that in the opinion of such signer, such release will not impair the security under this Indenture in contravention of the provisions hereof; 

(c) in case any bondable property is being acquired by the Company with the proceeds of, or otherwise in connection with,
such release, an engineers certificate, dated the date of such release, as to the fair value to the Company, as of the date not more than 90 days prior to the date of such release, of the bondable property being so acquired (and if within six
months prior to the date of acquisition by the Company of the bondable property being so acquired, such bondable property has been used or operated by a person or persons other than the Company in a business similar to that in which it has been or
is to be used or operated by the Company, and the fair value to the Company of such bondable property, as set forth in such certificate, is not less than $25,000 and not less than 1% of the aggregate principal amount of Bonds at the time
outstanding, such certificate shall be an independent appraisers certificate); 

(d) an officers
certificate, dated the date of such release, stating the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Bonds and prior lien bonds outstanding at the time of such release, and stating that the fair value to the Company of all of the property constituting

32 

the trust estate (excluding the mortgaged property to be released but including any bondable property to be acquired by the Company with the proceeds of, or otherwise in connection with, such
release) stated on the independent appraisers certificate filed pursuant to Section 8(c) equals or exceeds an amount equal to 10/7ths of such aggregate principal amount; 

(e) an officers certificate, dated the date of such release, stating that, the Company is not, and by the making or
granting of the application will not be, in default in the performance of any of the terms and covenants of this Indenture; and 

(f) an opinion of counsel, dated the date of such release, as to compliance with conditions precedent. 

SECTION 9. If the Company is unable to obtain, in accordance with any other Section of this Article VII, the release from
the lien of this Indenture of any property constituting part of the trust estate, unless an event of default shall have happened and be continuing, or shall happen as a result of the making or granting of an application to release mortgaged property
permitted by this Section 9, the Trustee shall release from the lien of this Indenture any mortgaged property if the fair value to the Company thereof, as shown by the engineers certificate filed pursuant to Section 9(b), is less
than 1/2 of 1% of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Bonds and prior lien bonds outstanding at the time of such release, provided that the aggregate fair value to the Company of all mortgaged property released pursuant to this
Section 9, as shown by all engineers certificates filed pursuant to Section 9(b) in any period of 12 consecutive calendar months which includes the date of such engineers certificate, shall not exceed 1% of the aggregate
principal amount of the outstanding Bonds and prior lien bonds outstanding at the time of such release, upon receipt by the Trustee of: 

(a) an officers certificate, dated the date of such release, requesting such release, describing in reasonable
detail the mortgaged property to be released and stating the reason for such release; 

(b) an engineers
certificate, dated the date of such release, stating (A) that the signer of such engineers certificate has examined such officers certificate in connection with such release, (B) the fair value to the Company, in the opinion of
the signer of such engineers certificate, of such mortgaged property to be released as of a date not more than 90 days prior to the date of such release, and (C) that in the opinion of such signer such release will not impair the security
under this Indenture in contravention of the provisions hereof; 

33 

(c) an officers certificate, dated the date of such release,
stating the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Bonds and prior lien bonds outstanding at the time of such release, that 1/2 of 1% of such aggregate principal amount does not exceed the fair value to the Company of the mortgaged property for
which such release is applied for as shown by the engineers certificate referred to in Section 9(b), and that 1% of such aggregate principal amount does not exceed the aggregate fair value to the Company of all mortgaged property released
from the lien of this Indenture pursuant to this Section 9 as shown by all engineers certificates filed pursuant to Section 9(b) in such period of 12 consecutive calendar months; 

(d) an officers certificate, dated the date of such release, stating that, the Company is not, and by the making or
granting of the application will not be, in default in the performance of any of the terms and covenants of this Indenture; and 

(e) an opinion of counsel, dated the date of such release, as to compliance with conditions precedent. 

The Company also reserves the right subject to appropriate corporate action, but without the consent or other action of holders of Bonds of
any series created after January 1, 1997 to amend, modify or delete any other provision of the Original Indenture, as supplemented, as may be necessary in order to effectuate the intents and purposes contemplated by the foregoing Sections 8 and
9. 

Section 4. Reservation of Right to Delete Certain Requirements and Conditions. The Company
reserves the right subject to appropriate corporate action, but without the consent or other action of holders of Bonds of any series created after January 1, 1997 to: 

(a) delete as a condition to the authentication of additional Bonds pursuant to Sections 4, 5 or 6 of Article III of the Original Indenture the
requirement to file or deposit with the Trustee the officers certificate described in Section 3(b) of Article III of the Original Indenture; 

(b) delete as a condition to the consolidation or merger of the Company into, or sale by the Company of its property as an entirety or
substantially as an entirety to another corporation the requirement set forth in Section 1(b)(2) of Article XII of the Original Indenture; 

(c) delete as a condition to the release of property pursuant to Section 3 of Article VII of the Original Indenture, the requirement to
obtain an independent engineers certificate under the circumstances set forth in Section 3(c) of Article VII; and 

34 

(d) amend, modify or delete any other provision of the Original Indenture, as supplemented,
as may be necessary in order to effectuate the intents and purposes contemplated by this Section 4. 

Section 5. Issuance of Variable Rate Bonds. The Company reserves the right, subject to appropriate
action, but without any consent or other action by holders of Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035, or of any subsequent series of bonds, to clarify the ability of the Company to issue variable rate bonds under the Original Indenture, notwithstanding
any provision of the Original Indenture to the contrary. The Company may make such other amendments to the Original Indenture as may be necessary or desirable in the opinion of the Company to effect the foregoing. 

Section 6. Substitution of Bonds. The Company reserves the right, subject to appropriate action,
but without any consent or other action by holders of Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035, or of any subsequent series of bonds, to amend the Original Indenture as may be necessary in order to permit the Company to deliver to the Trustee in
substitution for any bonds issued under the Original Indenture (except Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035, which are subject to Article III, Section 2 hereof), mortgage bonds or other similar instruments of the Company or any successor entity,
whether by merger, combination or acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or otherwise, issued under a mortgage and deed of trust or similar instrument of the Company or any successor entity in like principal amount of
like term and bearing the same rate of interest as the original bonds (such substituted bonds hereinafter being referred to as the Substituted Mortgage Bonds). The Substituted Mortgage Bonds may only be delivered to the Trustee
upon receipt by the Trustee of (i) if the original bonds were rated by Moodys, a letter from Moodys, dated within ten days prior to the date of delivery of the Substituted Mortgage Bonds, stating that its rating of the Substituted
Mortgage Bonds is at least equal to its then current rating on the original bonds, (ii) if the original bonds were rated by S&P, a letter from S&P, dated within ten days prior to the date of delivery of the Substituted Mortgage Bonds,
stating that its rating of the Substituted Mortgage Bonds is at least equal to its then current rating on the original bonds, (iii) an opinion of counsel which may be counsel to the Company or any successor entity, to the effect that the
Substituted Mortgage Bonds shall have been duly and validly authorized, executed, authenticated, and delivered and shall constitute the valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Company or any successor entity enforceable in
accordance with their terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws affecting the enforcement of mortgagees and other creditors rights and shall be entitled to the benefit of the mortgage and deed of trust or other
similar instrument pursuant to which they shall have been issued and (iv) such other certificates and documents with respect to the issuance and delivery of the Substituted Mortgage Bonds as may be required by law or as the Trustee may
reasonably request. The Company may make such other amendments to the Original Indenture as may be necessary or desirable in the opinion of the Company to effect the foregoing. 

35 

Section 7. Addition of a Governing Law Clause.
The Company reserves the right, subject to appropriate action, but without any consent or other action by holders of Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035, or of any subsequent series of bonds, to amend the Original Indenture to add the following
new section: 

This Indenture shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of Kansas and for all
purposes shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Kansas, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof. 

Section 8. Event of Default for Failure to Pay Final Judgments in Excess of $100,000. The Company
reserves the right, subject to appropriate action, but without any consent or other action by holders of Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035, or of any subsequent series of bonds, to amend the Original Indenture to delete Article IX,
Section 1(j). The Company may make such other amendments to the Original Indenture as may be necessary or desirable in the opinion of the Company to effect the foregoing. 

Section 9. Net Earnings Test in Connection with Property Acquisitions. The Company reserves the
right, subject to appropriate action, but without any consent or other action by holders of Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035, or of any subsequent series of bonds, to amend the Original Indenture to delete Article IV, Section 14(b) and
reserves the right to further amend, modify or delete any other provision of the Original Indenture, as supplemented, as may be necessary in order to effectuate the intents and purposes contemplated by this Section 9. 

Section 10. Addition of Nuclear Fuel. The Company reserves the right, subject to appropriate
action, but without any consent or other action by holders of Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035, or of any subsequent series of bonds, to amend the Original Indenture to (i) add Nuclear Fuel to the definition of Property
Additions; provided that there shall be no restrictions under the Original Indenture on the application of any controls, liens, regulations, easements, restrictions, exceptions or reservations by any governmental authority on the
Nuclear Fuel, (ii) to allow the Company to at any time, unless the Company is in default in the payment of the interest on any of the bonds then outstanding or there is an ongoing event of default without any release or consent by, or report
to, the Trustee, sell or otherwise dispose of, free from the lien of the Original Indenture, any Nuclear Fuel which shall have become old, inadequate, obsolete, worn out, unfit, unadapted, unserviceable, undesirable or unnecessary for use in the
operations of the Company upon the replacement or substitution of such Nuclear Fuel with other Nuclear Fuel of at least equal value and subject to the lien of the Original Indenture and (iii) to further amend, modify or delete any other
provision of the Original Indenture, as supplemented, as may be necessary in order to effectuate the intents and purposes contemplated by this Section 10. 

36 

The term Nuclear Fuel shall mean (a) any fuel element, including
nuclear fuel and associated means (and any similar or analogous device or substance), whether or not classified as fuel and whether or not chargeable to operating expenses, comprising or intended to comprise, or formerly comprising, the core, or
other part, of a nuclear reactor or any similar or analogous device, (b) any fuel element, including nuclear fuel, and associated means (and any similar or analogous device or substance) while in the process of fabrication or preparation and
special nuclear or other materials held for use in such fabrication or preparation, (c) any substances or materials formerly comprising such nuclear fuel and associated means (or any similar or analogous device or substance) and which
substances or materials are undergoing or have undergone reprocessing and (d) uranium, thorium, plutonium, and any other substance or material from time to time used or selected for use by the Company as fuel material, or as potential fuel
material, in a nuclear reactor or any similar or analogous device. 

Section 11. Modernization of the
Original Indenture. The Company reserves the right, subject to appropriate action, but without any consent or other action by holders of Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035, or of any subsequent series of bonds, to amend the Original
Indenture to: 

(a) Eliminate maintenance and improvement fund requirements; 

(b) Simplify the provisions for release of obsolete property, de minimis property releases and substitution of property and
unfunded property; 

(c) Permit additional terms of bonds or forms of bond in supplemental indentures, including terms for
uncertificated and global securities (or definitive securities in lieu thereof) and medium-term notes; 

(d) Make any
changes necessary to conform the Mortgage with the requirements of the Trust Indenture Act; 

(e) Add defeasance provisions
providing for covenant and legal defeasance options; 

(f) Permit the Company to remove the trustee in certain
circumstances; 

(g) Provide for direction to the trustee under the Mortgage to vote pledged prior lien bonds for specified
amendments to the prior lien mortgage; 

(h) Provide broader investment directions to the trustee or permitting the Company
to direct investment of money held by the Trustee, so long as there is no event of default under the Mortgage; 

37 

(i) Amend the definition of Excepted Property to exclude
property which generally cannot be mortgaged without undue administrative burden (i.e. automobiles), but allowing the Company to subject Excepted Property to the Mortgage; 

(j) Amend the definition of Bondable Property to allow all mortgaged property to be bondable; and 

(k) Update the definition of Permitted Liens. 

ARTICLE VI 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 1. Acceptance of Trust. The Trustee accepts the trusts herein declared, provided, created or
supplemented and agrees to perform the same upon the terms and conditions herein and in the Original Indenture, as amended, set forth and upon the following terms and conditions. 

Section 2. Responsibility and Duty of Trustee. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner
whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made by the Company solely. In general each and every term and condition
contained in Article XIII of the Original Indenture, as amended by the Second Supplemental Indenture, shall apply to and form part of this Supplemental Indenture with the same force and effect as if the same were herein set forth in full with such
omissions, variations and insertions, if any, as may be appropriate to make the same conform to the provisions of this Supplemental Indenture. 

Section 3. Parties to Include Successors and Assigns. Whenever in this Supplemental Indenture
either of the parties hereto is named or referred to, such reference shall, subject to the provisions of Articles XII and XIII of the Original Indenture, be deemed to include the successors and assigns of such party, and all the covenants and
agreements in this Supplemental Indenture contained by or on behalf of the Company, or by or on behalf of the Trustee, shall, subject as aforesaid, bind and inure to the respective benefits of the respective successors and assigns of such parties,
whether so expressed or not. 

Section 4. Benefits Restricted to Parties and to Holders of Bonds and
Coupons. Nothing in this Supplemental Indenture, expressed or implied, is intended or shall be construed, to confer upon, or to give to, any person, firm or corporation, other than the parties hereto and the holders of the Bonds and
coupons outstanding under the Indenture, any right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Supplemental Indenture or any covenant, condition, stipulation, promise or agreement hereof, and all the covenants, conditions, stipulations, promises and
agreements in this Supplemental Indenture contained by and on behalf of the Company shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto, and of the holders of the Bonds and of the coupons outstanding under the Indenture. 

38 

Section 5. Execution in Counterparts. This
Supplemental Indenture may be executed in several counterparts, and all such counterparts executed and delivered, each as an original, shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 

Section 6. Titles of Articles Not Part of the Fifty-Third Supplemental Indenture. The Titles of the
several Articles of this Supplemental Indenture shall not be deemed to be any part thereof. 

Section 7. Electronic Means.
With respect to the Bonds of the 5.25% Series due 2035: 

The Trustee shall have the right to accept and act upon instructions
(Instructions), including fund transfer instructions given pursuant to this Supplemental Indenture and delivered using Electronic Means; provided, however, that the Company shall provide to the Trustee an incumbency certificate
listing officers and other Company personnel with the authority to provide such Instructions (Authorized Officers) and containing specimen signatures of such Authorized Officers, which incumbency certificate shall be amended by
the Company whenever a person is to be added or deleted from the listing or promptly upon reasonable request of the Trustee. If the Company elects to give the Trustee Instructions using Electronic Means and the Trustee in its reasonable discretion
elects to act upon such Instructions, the Trustees reasonable understanding of such Instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Company understands and agrees that the Trustee shall be entitled to presume that directions that purport to have
been sent by an Authorized Officer listed on the incumbency certificate provided to the Trustee have been sent by such Authorized Officer. The Company shall establish reasonable procedures to ensure that only Authorized Officers transmit such
Instructions to the Trustee and that the Company and all Authorized Officers are solely responsible to safeguard the use and confidentiality of applicable user and authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication keys upon receipt by the
Company. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the Trustees reliance upon and compliance with such Instructions notwithstanding such directions conflict or are inconsistent with a
subsequent written instruction. The Company agrees: (i) to assume all risks arising out of the use of the Electronic Means it selects to submit Instructions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on
unauthorized Instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties; (ii) that it is informed of the protections and risks associated with the various methods of transmitting Instructions to the Trustee and that there may be
more secure methods of transmitting Instructions than the method(s) selected by the Company; (iii) that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission of Instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable
degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances; and (iv) to notify the Trustee immediately upon learning of any compromise or unauthorized use of the security procedures. For purposes of this Section 7,
Electronic Means shall mean the following communications methods: e-mail, facsimile transmission, secure electronic transmission containing applicable authorization codes, passwords and/or
authentication keys issued by the Trustee, or another method or system specified by the Trustee as available for use in connection with its services hereunder. 

39 

Section 8. OFAC Compliance. With respect to the Bonds of the 5.25% Series
due 2035: 

(a) The Company covenants and represents that neither it nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any of its
affiliates, subsidiaries, directors or officers are the target or subject of any sanctions enforced by the US Government (including the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of the Treasury (OFAC)), the United
Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions). 

(b) The Company covenants and represents that neither it nor any of its affiliates, subsidiaries, directors or officers will
use any part of the proceeds received in connection with the Indenture or any other of the transaction documents (i) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any person who, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the
subject or target of Sanctions, (ii) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any country or territory that is the target or subject of Sanctions, or (iii) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions by
any person. 

40 

IN WITNESS HEREOF, EVERGY KANSAS CENTRAL, INC., party hereto of the first part, has caused
its corporate name to be hereunto affixed, and this instrument to be signed and sealed by its Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer or a Vice President, and its corporate seal to be attested by its Secretary or an Assistant
Secretary for and in its behalf, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., party hereto of the second part, has caused its corporate name to be hereunto affixed, and this instrument to be signed and attested by its duly authorized
officer, all as of the day and year first above written. 

(CORPORATE SEAL) 

EVERGY KANSAS CENTRAL, INC.

By: /s/ Geoffrey T. Ley

Geoffrey T. Ley

Vice President, Corporate
Planning and Treasurer

ATTEST:

By: /s/ Heather A. Humphrey

Heather A. Humphrey,

Senior Vice
President,

General Counsel and Corporate Secretary

1 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

TRUST COMPANY, N.A., as Trustee

By: /s/ Letha Glover

Name: Letha Glover

Title: Vice President

ATTEST:

By: /s/ Mary Jo Wagener

Mary Jo Wagener

Vice President

S-2 

STATE OF MISSOURI )

: ss.:

COUNTY OF JACKSON )

BE IT REMEMBERED, that on this 4TH day of March, 2025, before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public within and
for the County and State aforesaid, personally came Geoffrey T. Ley and Heather A. Humphrey, of Evergy Kansas Central, Inc., a corporation duly organized, incorporated and existing under the laws of the State of Kansas, who are personally known to
me to be such officers, and who are personally known to me to be the same persons who executed as such officers the within instrument of writing, and such persons duly acknowledged the execution of the same to be the act and deed of said
corporation. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto subscribed my name and affixed my official seal on the day and year last above written.

/s/ Nicole A. Wehry

Notary Public

My Commission Expires Feb. 4, 2025

NICOLE A. WEHRY

NOTARY PUBLIC NOTARY SEAL

STATE OF MISSOURI

MY COMMISSION
EXPIRES FEBRUARY

4, 2027

JACKSON COUNTY

COMMISSION #14391200

S-3 

STATE OF MISSOURI )

: ss.:

COUNTY OF JACKSON )

BE IT REMEMBERED, that on this 4th day of March, 2025, before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public within and
for the County and State aforesaid, personally came Geoffrey T. Ley, and Heather A. Humphrey, of Evergy Kansas Central, Inc., a corporation duly organized, incorporated and existing under the laws of the State of Kansas, who are personally known to
me to be such officers, being by me respectively duly sworn, did each say that the said Geoffrey T. Ley is Vice President, Corporate Planning and Treasurer and that the said Heather A. Humphrey is Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate
Secretary of said corporation, that the consideration of and for the foregoing instrument was actual and adequate, that the same was made and given in good faith, for the uses and purposes therein set forth and without any intent to hinder, delay,
or defraud creditors or purchasers. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto subscribed my name and affixed my official seal on the day and
year last above written. 

/s/ Nicole A. Wehry

Notary Public

My Commission Expires Feb. 4, 2025

NICOLE A. WEHRY

NOTARY PUBLIC NOTARY SEAL

STATE OF MISSOURI

MY COMMISSION
EXPIRES FEBRUARY

4, 2027

JACKSON COUNTY

COMMISSION #14391200

S-4 

STATE OF TEXAS )

: ss.:

COUNTY OF HARRIS )

BE IT REMEMBERED, that on this 5th day of March, 2025, before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public within and
for the State aforesaid, personally came Letha Glover and Mary Jo Wagener, of The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., a national banking association, who are personally known to me or proved to be on the basis of sufficient identification
to be such officers, and who are personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of sufficient identification to be the same persons who executed as such officers the within instrument of writing, and such persons duly acknowledged the execution
of the same to be the act and deed of said corporation. 

/s/ April Bradley

Notary Public

APRIL MICHELLE BRADLEY

Notary Public State of Texas

Notray ID # 133238619

My Commission Expires

July 28,
2025

S-5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d892895dex42.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.2
<TEXT>
EX-4.2

Exhibit 4.2 

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

Dated as of March 13, 2025 

Between 

EVERGY KANSAS CENTRAL,
INC., 

As Issuer 

and 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., 

As Trustee 

(as Successor to
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (formerly known as Bankers Trust Company)) 

Notes, 4.70% Series due 2028 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE ONE Relation to Indenture; Additional Definitions 2 

Section 1.01. 

Relation to Indenture 2 

Section 1.02. 

Additional Definitions 2 

ARTICLE TWO Assumption of Covenants and Conditions 4 

ARTICLE THREE The Notes of the 4.70% Series due 2028 4 

Section 3.01. 

Title of the Notes 4 

Section 3.02. 

Limitation on Aggregate Principal Amount 4 

Section 3.03. 

Stated Maturity 4 

Section 3.04. 

Interest and Interest Rate 4 

Section 3.05. 

Place of Payment 5 

Section 3.06. 

Place of Registration or Exchange; Notices and Demands With Respect to the Notes 5 

Section 3.07. 

Global Notes 5 

Section 3.08. 

Form of Notes 5 

Section 3.09. 

Registrar 5 

Section 3.10. 

Sinking Fund Obligations 5 

Section 3.11. 

Optional Redemption 5 

ARTICLE FOUR Amendments to Original Indenture 6 

ARTICLE FIVE Miscellaneous Provisions 11 

Exhibit A Form of Notes 

i 

THIS FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (the Supplemental Indenture), dated as
of March 13, 2025, between Evergy Kansas Central, Inc., formerly Western Resources, Inc. and Westar Energy, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Kansas (and successor by the Merger (hereinafter defined) to
Westar Energy, Inc., formerly The Kansas Power and Light Company, sometimes hereinafter called the Company-Predecessor) (hereinafter called the Company), and THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., a
national banking association (as successor to Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (formerly known as Bankers Trust Company)), as Trustee (Trustee). 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, the
Company-Predecessor has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an Indenture, dated as of August 1, 1998 (the Original Indenture) and as hereby supplemented, the Indenture), providing for the
issuance from time to time of one or more series of the Companys Securities; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Amended and
Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 9, 2017, by and among the Company-Predecessor, Great Plains Energy Incorporated, a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Missouri, Monarch Energy Holding, Inc.,
a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Missouri (Monarch Energy), and King Energy, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Kansas and a wholly owned subsidiary of Monarch
Energy (Merger Sub), on June 4, 2018 Merger Sub merged with and into the Company-Predecessor, with the Company surviving the merger (the Merger); 

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, the Company desires by this Supplemental Indenture to supplement the Original Indenture and
to evidence the succession of the Company as the successor corporation resulting from the Merger, and the assumption by the Company of the due and punctual performance and observance of all the covenants and conditions to be kept or performed by the
Company-Predecessor under the Indenture and to enable the Company to have and exercise powers and rights of the Company-Predecessor under the Indenture in accordance with the terms thereof; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, the Company desires to provide for the establishment of one series of Notes to be designated
as the Notes, 4.70% Series due 2028 (the Notes), the form and substance of the Notes and the terms, provisions and conditions thereof to be set forth as provided in the Original Indenture and this Supplemental
Indenture and to enact certain amendments to the Original Indenture applicable to all Securities issued on or after the date hereof; 

WHEREAS, Section 10.01(4) of the Original Indenture provides that the Company and the Trustee may amend the Indenture to create a series
of Securities and establish its terms; and 

WHEREAS, all acts and things necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture, when duly executed
and delivered, a valid, binding and legal instrument in accordance with its terms and for the purposes herein expressed, have been done and performed; and the execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture have been in all respects duly
authorized. 

1 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, it is agreed by and between the Company and the Trustee for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes and for the benefit of the Trustee as follows: 

ARTICLE ONE 

Relation to
Indenture; Additional Definitions 

Section 1.01. Relation to Indenture. This Supplemental Indenture constitutes an
integral part of the Original Indenture. 

Section 1.02. Additional Definitions. Unless the context otherwise requires, a term
defined in the Original Indenture has the same meaning when used in this Supplemental Indenture; provided, however, that, where a term is defined both in this Supplemental Indenture and in the Original Indenture, the meaning given to such term in
this Supplemental Indenture shall control for purposes of this Supplemental Indenture and (in respect of the Notes but not any other series of Securities) the Original Indenture. 

Business Day means, unless otherwise expressly stated, any day other than (i) a Saturday or Sunday or (ii) a day
on which banks and trust companies in The City of New York are authorized or obligated by law, regulation or executive order to remain closed. 

Corporate Trust Office means the designated office of the Trustee at which at any particular time its corporate trust
business shall be administered, which office at the date hereof is located at 311 S. Wacker Drive, Suite 6200B, Mailbox #44, Chicago, Illinois 60606, Attention: Corporate Trust Administration; telecopy:
(312) 827-8542.

Interest Payment Dates has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.04. 

Maturity Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3.03. 

Merger has the meaning set forth in the second paragraph of the Recitals hereof. 

Notes has the meaning set forth in the fourth paragraph of the Recitals hereof. 

Original Indenture has the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of the Recitals hereof. 

Original Issue Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3.04. 

Registrar means The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., hereby appointed as an agency of the Company in accordance
with Section 2.03 of the Original Indenture. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield
determined by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs. 

2 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or
after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that
appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or
publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the
Company shall select, as applicable: 

(1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the
redemption date to the Maturity Date (the Remaining Life); or 

(2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on
H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yieldsone yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than
the Remaining Lifeand shall interpolate to the Maturity Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or 

(3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as
applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15
TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date
of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Maturity Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Maturity Date but there are two or more United States
Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Maturity Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Maturity Date and one with a maturity date following the Maturity Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury
security with a maturity date preceding the Maturity Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Maturity Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the
Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at
11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked
prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

3 

All references herein to Articles, Sections or Exhibits, unless otherwise specified, refer
to the corresponding Articles, Sections or Exhibits of this Supplemental Indenture. The terms herein, hereof, hereunder and other words of similar import refer to this Supplemental
Indenture. 

ARTICLE TWO 

Assumption of Covenants and Conditions 

Section 2.01. Assumption of Covenants and Conditions. The Company hereby expressly assumes the due and punctual performance and
observance of all the covenants and conditions of the Indenture to be kept or performed by the Company-Predecessor, and the Company hereby assumes and agrees to pay, duly and punctually, the principal of and interest on the Securities issued under
the Indenture, and agrees to perform and fulfill all the covenants and conditions of the Indenture to be kept or performed by the Company-Predecessor. 

ARTICLE THREE 

The Notes
of the 4.70% Series due 2028 

Section 3.01. Title of the Notes. The Notes shall be designated as the
Notes, 4.70% Series due 2028. 

Section 3.02. Limitation on Aggregate Principal Amount. The
Trustee shall authenticate and deliver Notes for original issue on the Original Issue Date in the aggregate principal amount of $300,000,000, upon a request or application by Company for the authentication and delivery thereof and satisfaction of
Sections 2.01 and 2.02 of the Original Indenture. Such order shall specify the amount of the Notes to be authenticated, the date on which the original issue of Notes is to be authenticated and the name or names of the initial Holder or
Holders. The aggregate principal amount of Notes that may initially be outstanding shall not exceed $300,000,000; provided, however, that the authorized aggregate principal amount of the Notes may be increased above such amount
without the consent of the Holders of any then outstanding Notes by a Securities Resolution authorizing such increase. Any additional notes issued pursuant to such increase must have the same ranking, interest rate, maturity and other terms
(except for the price to the public, the Original Issue Date and the first Interest Payment Date, as applicable) as the Notes. Any such additional notes, together with the Notes, will constitute a single series of Notes under the Indenture; provided
that if any such additional notes are not fungible for U.S. federal income tax purposes with the Notes, such additional notes will be issued under a separate CUSIP number. 

Section 3.03. Stated Maturity. The Stated Maturity of the Notes shall be March 13, 2028 (the Maturity
Date). 

Section 3.04. Interest and Interest Rate.

(a) The Notes shall bear interest at the rate of 4.70% per annum, from and including March 13, 2025 (the Original Issue
Date), or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid, to, but excluding, the Maturity Date. Such interest shall be payable semi-annually in arrears, on the March 13 and September 13 in each
year (each, an Interest Payment Date and together, the Interest Payment Dates), commencing September 13, 2025. Interest accrued on the Notes from the last Interest Payment Date before the Maturity
Date shall be payable on the Maturity Date. 

4 

(b) The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest
Payment Date shall be paid to the Persons in whose names the Notes (or one or more predecessor securities) are registered on the record date for such Interest Payment Date, which will be (i) the close of business on the Business Day immediately
preceding such Interest Payment Date so long as all of the Notes remain in book-entry only form or (ii) the fifteenth calendar day, whether or not such day is a Business Day, immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date if any of the Notes
do not remain in book-entry only form (the Regular Record Date). 

Section 3.05. Place of Payment. Principal
and interest payments on the Notes will be made by the Company to The Depository Trust Company (DTC) while it is the Depositary for the Notes, or if DTC shall cease to be the Depositary for the Notes, to the Trustee at its
offices, as paying agent. 

Section 3.06. Place of Registration or Exchange; Notices and Demands With Respect to the
Notes. The place where the Holders of the Notes may present the Notes for registration of transfer or exchange and may make notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Notes shall be the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee.

Section 3.07. Global Notes.

(a) The Notes shall be issuable in whole or in part in the form of one or more permanent Global Notes in definitive, fully registered,
book-entry form, without interest coupons. The Global Note shall be deposited on the Original Issue Date with, or on behalf of, the Depositary. 

(b) DTC shall initially serve as Depositary with respect to the Global Note. Such Global Note shall bear the legend set forth in the
form of Note attached as Exhibit A. 

Section 3.08. Form of Notes. The Global Note for the Notes
shall be substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A. 

Section 3.09. Registrar. The Trustee
shall initially serve as the Registrar for the Notes. 

Section 3.10. Sinking Fund Obligations. The Company shall have no
obligation to redeem or purchase any Notes pursuant to any sinking fund or analogous requirement or upon the happening of a specified event or at the option of a Holder thereof. 

Section 3.11. Optional Redemption. The Company may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time
to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: 

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date
on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date
of redemption; and 

5 

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. 

The Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error. 

The Trustee shall have no duty to determine, or verify the calculation of, the redemption price. 

The election of the Company to redeem any of the Notes shall be evidenced by a notice of redemption to the Trustee at least 35 days (or such
shorter period acceptable to the Trustee in its sole discretion) prior to the redemption date specified in such notice. 

Notice of
redemption to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed as a whole or in part shall be given by the Trustee, in the manner provided in Section 3.03 of the Original Indenture, no less than 10 or more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for
redemption. Any notice which is given in the manner herein provided shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not the Holder receives the notice. In any case, failure duly to give such notice, or any defect in such notice,
to the Holder of any Note designated for redemption as a whole or in part shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any other Note. If less than all of the outstanding Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed
shall be selected in accordance with the policies and procedures of DTC (or any successor thereto), provided that in the event the Notes are no longer held in the form of Global Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the Trustee by
lot. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on the Notes that are due and payable on an Interest Payment Date falling on
our prior to a redemption date shall be payable on such Interest Payment Date to the Holders as of the close of business on the relevant Regular Record Date. 

ARTICLE FOUR 

Amendments to Original Indenture 

Section 4.01. Article 1, Section 1.02 of the Original Indenture is hereby amended by replacing in its entirety the definition of
Securities Resolution with the following: 

Securities Resolution means (a) a resolution adopted
by the Board or by a committee of Officers or an Officer pursuant to Board delegation authorizing a series or (b) a supplemental indenture to or other amendment of the Indenture pursuant to Section 10.01(4) that creates a series and
establishes its terms. 

Section 4.02. Article 2 Section 2.02 of the Original Indenture is hereby amended by deleting the
first paragraph in its entirety and replacing it with the following: 

6 

Two officers shall sign the Securities by manual, facsimile or electronic signature.
The Companys seal shall be reproduced on the Securities. An Officer shall sign any coupons by facsimile or electronic signature. 

Section 4.03. Article 2 Section 2.02 of the Original Indenture is hereby amended by deleting the third paragraph in its entirety and
replacing it with the following: 

A Security and its coupons shall not be valid until the Security is authenticated by the manual,
facsimile or electronic signature of the Trustee. The signature shall be conclusive evidence that the Security has been authenticated under this Indenture. 

Section 4.04. Article 2, Section 2.02 of the Original Indenture is hereby amended by adding the following at the end thereof: 

In authenticating such Securities, and accepting the additional responsibilities under this Indenture, in relation to such Securities, the Trustee shall
receive, and, subject to Article 7, shall be fully protected in relying upon: 

(a) 

a copy of the resolution or resolutions of the Board in or pursuant to which the terms and form of the
Securities were established, certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company to have been duly adopted by the Board and to be in full force and effect as of the date of such certificate, and if the terms and form of such
Securities are established by an Officers Certificate pursuant to general authorization of the Board, such Officers Certificate; and 

(b) 

an Opinion of Counsel which shall state: 

(1) 

that the form of such Securities has been established by a supplemental indenture or by or pursuant to a
resolution of the Board in accordance with Section 201 and this Section, and in conformity with the provisions of this Indenture; 

(2) 

that the terms of such Securities have been established in accordance with Section 2.01 and in conformity
with the other provisions of this Indenture; and 

(3) 

that such Securities, when authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and issued by the Company in the manner
and subject to any conditions specified in such Opinion of Counsel, will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and other laws of
general applicability relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights and to general equity principles. 

The Trustee
shall have the right to decline to authenticate and deliver any Securities under this Section if the Trustee, being advised by counsel, determines that such action may not lawfully be taken or if the Trustee in good faith shall determine that such
action would expose the Trustee to personal liability to existing Securityholders. 

7 

Section 4.05. Article 3, Section 3.01 of the Original Indenture is hereby amended
by replacing the words at least 35 days in the second sentence of the second paragraph with the words not less than 15 days before. 

Section 4.06. Article 3, Section 3.03 of the Original Indenture is hereby amended by replacing the words, At least 30 days
before at the beginning of the first paragraph with the words, No less than 10 or more than 60 days prior. 

Section 4.07. Article 7, Section 7.01 of the Original Indenture is hereby amended by adding the following at the end thereof: 

(11) The Trustee may consult with counsel, and the written advice or opinion of such counsel or any Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete
authorization and protection from liability in respect of any action taken, omitted or suffered by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance thereon. 

(12) The delivery of any reports, information and documents to the Trustee is for informational purposes only and the Trustees receipt of such shall not
constitute actual or constructive notice or knowledge of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Companys compliance with any of its covenants herein. 

(13) The Trustee shall not incur any liability for not performing any act or fulfilling any duty, obligation or responsibility hereunder by reason of any
occurrence beyond the control of the Trustee (including any act or provision of any present or future law or regulation or Governmental Authority, any act of God or war, civil unrest, local or national disturbance or disaster, any act of terrorism,
any epidemics, pandemics or other similar outbreaks of infectious disease, or the unavailability of the Federal Reserve Bank wire or other wire or communication facility). 

(14) The Trustee shall not be liable for any special, indirect, punitive or consequential damages (including lost profits) irrespective of whether the Trustee
has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 

Section 4.03. Article 7 of the
Original Indenture is hereby amended by adding the following at the end thereof: 

Section 7.10. Certain Duties and Responsibilities. 

(1) 

Except during the continuance of an Event of Default: 

(a) 

the Trustee undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this
Indenture, and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee; and 

8 

(b) 

in the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements
and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture; but in the case of any such certificates or opinions which by any provision hereof
are specifically required to be furnished to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be under a duty to examine the same to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of
mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein). 

(2) 

In case an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise such of the rights and
powers vested in it by this Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of his or her own affairs. 

(3) 

No provision of this Indenture shall be construed to relieve the Trustee from liability for its own negligent
action, its own negligent failure to act, or its own willful misconduct, except that: 

(a) 

this Subsection shall not be construed to limit the effect of Subsection (a) of this Section;

(b) 

the Trustee shall not be responsible for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Trust Officer, unless it
shall be proved that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts; 

(c) 

the Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in
accordance with the direction of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of any series, in accordance with Section 6.05, relating to the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy
available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee, under this Indenture with respect to the Securities of such series; and 

(d) 

no provision of this Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any
financial liability in the performance of its duties hereunder, or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers, if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is
not reasonably assured to it. 

Whether or not therein expressly so provided, every provision of this Indenture relating
to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording protection to the Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of this Section. 

Section 4.04. Article 11 of the Original Indenture is hereby amended by adding the following at the end thereof: 

9 

Section 11.10. Provision of Information/FATCA. 

The Company agrees (i) to provide the Trustee with such reasonable information as it has in its possession to enable the Trustee to determine whether any
payments pursuant to the Indenture are subject to withholding requirements described in Section 1471(b) of the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the
Code and any regulations, or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof (Applicable Law), and (ii) that the Trustee shall be entitled to make any withholding or deduction from payments under the Indenture to
the extent necessary to comply with Applicable Law, for which the Trustee shall not have any liability. 

Section 11.11. Electronic Means. 

The Trustee shall have the right to accept and act upon instructions, including funds transfer instructions (Instructions),
pursuant to this Indenture and related documents sent by Electronic Means; provided, however, that the Company shall provide to the Trustee an incumbency certificate listing officers with the authority to provide such Instructions
(Authorized Officers) or directions and containing specimen signatures of such Authorized Officers, which such incumbency certificate shall be amended and replaced whenever a person is to be added or deleted from the listing. If
the Company elects to give the Trustee Instructions using Electronic Means and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such Instructions, the Trustees understanding of such Instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Company
understands and agrees that the Trustee cannot determine the identity of the actual sender of such Instructions and that the Trustee shall conclusively presume that directions that purport to have been sent by an Authorized Officer listed on the
incumbency certificate provided to the Trustee have been sent by such Authorized Officer. The Company shall be responsible for ensuring that only Authorized Officers transmit such Instructions to the Trustee and that the Company and all Authorized
Officers are solely responsible to safeguard the use and confidentiality of applicable user and authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication keys upon receipt by the Company. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses
arising directly or indirectly from its reliance upon and compliance with such instructions notwithstanding such instructions conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The Company agrees (i) to assume all risks arising
out of its use of Electronic Means to submit Instructions to the Trustee including the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized Instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties; (ii) that it is fully informed of the
protections and risks associated with the various methods of transmitting Instructions to the Trustee and that there may be more secure methods of transmitting Instructions than the method(s) selected by the Company; (iii) that the security
procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission of Instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances; and (iv) to notify the Trustee immediately
upon learning of any compromise or unauthorized use of the security procedures. Electronic Means shall mean the following communications methods: e-mail, secure electronic transmission
containing applicable authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication keys issued by the Trustee or another method or system specified by the Trustee as available for use in connection with its services hereunder. 

Section 11.12. Company Not Subject to Sanctions. 

(a) The Company covenants and represents that neither it nor any of its affiliates, subsidiaries, directors or officers are the target or
subject of any sanctions enforced by the US Government (including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of the Treasury (OFAC)), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, HM
Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively Sanctions). 

10 

(b) The Company covenants and represents that neither it nor any of its affiliates,
subsidiaries, directors or officers will use any payments made pursuant to this Indenture (i) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any person who, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject or target of
Sanctions, (ii) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any country or territory that is the target or subject of Sanctions, or (iii) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions by any person. 

Section 11.13. Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Immunity. 

For the benefit of the Securityholders, the Company hereby (a) irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive
jurisdiction of any New York State court or United States federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York solely for purposes of any legal action or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Securities or this Agreement
and (b) irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may have now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any legal action or proceeding in any New York State court or United States federal court sitting
in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York, and any claim that any such action or proceedings brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. The Company agrees that a final judgment in any such legal action or
proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. 

Section 11.14. Waiver of Jury Trial. 

EACH OF THE COMPANY
AND THE TRUSTEE, AND EACH HOLDER OF A SECURITY BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OF THE SECURITIES, HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING
TO THIS INDENTURE, THE SECURITIES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

ARTICLE FIVE 

Miscellaneous Provisions 

Section 5.01. The Original Indenture, as supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects hereby adopted, ratified and
confirmed. 

Section 5.02. This Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an
original, but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. 

Section 5.03. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE
AND EACH SERIES OF THE SECURITIES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND DEEMED TO BE A CONTRACT MADE UNDER, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND FOR ALL PURPOSES SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF
NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF. 

11 

Section 5.04. If any provision in this Supplemental Indenture limits, qualifies or
conflicts with another provision hereof that is required to be included herein by any provisions of the Trust Indenture Act, such required provision shall control. 

Section 5.05. In case any provision in this Supplemental Indenture or the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity,
legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

Section 5.06. The
recitals contained herein shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for their correctness. The Trustee makes no representations as to the proper authorization or due execution hereof or of the
Notes by the Company or as to the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or the Notes. The Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Company of the Notes or the proceeds of the Notes. All of the
rights, protections, benefits, immunities and indemnities afforded or given to the Trustee pursuant to the Original Indenture shall apply to and be enforceable by the Trustee acting in each of its capacities relating to the Notes and pursuant to
this Supplemental Indenture mutatis mutandi as if set forth and incorporated herein. The Trustee is acting hereunder, not in its individual capacity, but solely in its capacity as Trustee, Registrar and paying agent for the Notes under
the Indenture. 

Section 5.07. Counterparts. The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture
(including by electronic transmission). Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this
Supplemental Indenture or in any other certificate, agreement or document related to this Supplemental Indenture shall include images of manually executed signatures transmitted by electronic format (including, without limitation, pdf,
tif or jpg) and other electronic signatures (including, without limitation, DocuSign and AdobeSign). The use of electronic signatures and electronic records (including, without limitation, any contract or other record
created, generated, sent, communicated, received, or stored by electronic means) shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based record-keeping system to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, and any other applicable law, including, without limitation, any state law based
on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the Uniform Commercial Code. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Supplemental
Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. 

* * * * 

12 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly
executed as of the day and year first above written. 

EVERGY KANSAS CENTRAL, INC.

By /s/ Geoffrey T. Ley

Name: Geoffrey T. Ley

Title: Vice President, Corporate Planning and Treasurer

[CORPORATE SEAL]

ATTEST:

By /s/ Heather A. Humphrey

Name: Heather A. Humphrey

Title: Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate
Secretary

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

TRUST
COMPANY, N.A.,

as Trustee

By 

/s/ April Bradley

Name: April Bradley

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to
Supplemental Indenture] 

Exhibit A 

[FORM OF NOTE] 

[Global Note] 

For as long as this Global Note is deposited with or on behalf of The Depository Trust Company it shall bear the following legend. Unless this
certificate is presented by an authorized representative of The Depository Trust Company, a New York corporation (DTC), to Evergy Kansas Central, Inc. or its agent for registration of transfer, exchange, or payment, and any certificate
issued is registered in the name of Cede & Co. or in such other name as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC (and any payment is made to Cede & Co. or to such other entity as is requested by an authorized
representative of DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL inasmuch as the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest herein. 

EVERGY KANSAS CENTRAL, INC. 

NOTES, 4.70% SERIES DUE 2028 

Interest Rate: 4.70% per annum 

Principal Sum $

Maturity Date: March 13, 2028 

CUSIP No. 30036F AE1

Registered
Holder: 

EVERGY KANSAS CENTRAL, INC., a Kansas corporation (hereinafter called the Company, which
term includes any successor corporation under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to the registered Holder named above or registered assigns, on the maturity date stated above, the principal sum stated
above and to pay interest thereon from March 13, 2025, or from the most recent Interest Payment Date (as defined below) to which interest has been duly paid or provided for, initially on September 13, 2025, and thereafter semi-annually on
March 13 and September 13 of each year (each, an Interest Payment Date and together, the Interest Payment Dates), at the interest rate stated above, until the date on which payment of such principal
sum has been made or duly provided for. The interest so payable on any Interest Payment Date will be paid to the person in whose name this Note is registered on the regular record date for such Interest Payment Date, which will be
(i) the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date so long as all of the Notes (as defined below) remain in book-entry only form or (ii) the fifteenth calendar day, whether or not such day is a
Business Day, immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date if any of the Notes do not remain in book-entry only form, except as otherwise provided in the Indenture. 

The principal and interest payments on this Note will be made by the Company to the registered Holder named above. All such payments
shall be made in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legally tender for payment of public and private debts. 

A-1 

This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Securities of the Company (herein called the
Notes), issued under an Indenture, dated as of August 1, 1998, as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 13, 2025 (herein called the Indenture, which term shall have the
meaning assigned to it in such instruments), between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (formerly known as Bankers Trust Company)), as Trustee (herein called the
Trustee, which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture). Reference is made to the Indenture and any supplemental indenture thereto for the provisions relating, among other things, to the respective rights of
the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes, and the terms on which the Notes are authenticated and delivered. This Note is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially limited in aggregate principal amount to
$300,000,000; provided, however, that the authorized aggregate principal amount of the Notes may be increased above such amount by a Securities Resolution authorizing such increase. Any additional notes issued pursuant to such
increase must have the same ranking, interest rate, maturity and other terms (except for the price to the public, the Original Issue Date and the first Interest Payment Date, as applicable) as the Notes. Any such additional notes, together with the
Notes, will constitute a single series of Notes under the Indenture; provided that if any such additional notes are not fungible for U.S. federal income tax purposes with the Notes, such additional notes will be issued under a separate CUSIP number.

The Company may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed
as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: 

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of
the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve
30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption; and 

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two
paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on
U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such
day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the
caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: 

A-2 

(1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from
the redemption date to the Maturity Date (the Remaining Life); or 

(2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15
exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yieldsone yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the
Remaining Lifeand shall interpolate to the Maturity Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or 

(3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as
applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15
TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date
of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Maturity Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Maturity Date but there are two or more United States
Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Maturity Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Maturity Date and one with a maturity date following the Maturity Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury
security with a maturity date preceding the Maturity Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Maturity Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the
Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at
11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked
prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

The Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error. 

The Trustee shall have no duty to determine, or verify the calculation of, the redemption price. 

Notice of redemption will be given by mail to Holders of Notes no less than 10 or more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption,
all as provided in the Indenture. In the event of redemption of this Global Note in part only, a new Global Note or securities of like tenor and series for the unredeemed portion hereof will be issued in the name of the Holder hereof upon the

A-3 

surrender hereof. If less than all of the outstanding Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with the policies and procedures of DTC (or any successor
thereto), provided that in the event the Notes are no longer held in the form of Global Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the Trustee by lot. 

Interest payments for this Global Note shall be computed and paid on the basis of a 360-day year of
twelve 30-day months. In any case where any Interest Payment Date or date on which the principal of this Global Note is required to be paid is not a Business Day, then payment of principal, premium or interest
need not be made on such date but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on such Interest Payment Date or date on which the principal of this Global Note is required to be paid and, in the case of
timely payment thereof, no interest shall accrue for the period from and after such Interest Payment Date or the date on which the principal of this Global Note is required to be paid. 

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any time of (i) the entire indebtedness of this Note and (ii) the Companys
obligations under the Indenture and this Note with respect to certain covenants and related Events of Default, upon compliance by the Company with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture. 

If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of this Note may be declared due and payable in
the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the
amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the
Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the securities at the time outstanding of all series to be affected, considered as one class. The Indenture contains provisions permitting the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal
amount of the securities of any series at the time outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all securities of such series, to waive certain past defaults or Events of Default under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or
waiver by the Holder of this Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued in exchange, substitution or upon the registration or transfer hereof, irrespective of whether or not
notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the
Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on this Note at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein provided.

This Note is issuable as a registered Note only, in the minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000. 

As provided in the Indenture, this Note is transferable by the registered Holder hereof in person or by his attorney duly authorized in
writing on the books of the Company at the office or agency to be maintained by the Company for that purpose. Upon any registration of transfer, a new registered Note or Notes, of authorized denomination or denominations, and in the same
aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the transferee in exchange therefore. 

A-4 

The Company, the Trustee, any paying agent and any Transfer Agent may deem and treat the
registered Holder hereof as the absolute owner of this Note (whether or not this Note shall be overdue) for the purpose of receiving payment of or on account of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on this Note as herein provided and
for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Trustee nor any paying agent nor any Transfer Agent Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. 

No recourse shall be had for the payment of the principal of or any premium or interest on this Note, or for any claim based hereon, or
otherwise in respect hereof, or based on or in respect of the Indenture or any indenture supplemental thereto, against any incorporator or against any past, present or future stockholder, officer or member of the Board, as such, of the Company,
whether by virtue of any constitution, state or rule of law, or by the enforcement of any assessment or penalty or otherwise, all such liability being, by the acceptance hereof and as part of the consideration for the issue hereof, expressly waived
and released. 

This Note shall be governed by and deemed to be a contract made under, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the
State of New York, and for all purposes shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to conflicts of law principles thereof. 

All terms used in this Note which are defined in the Indenture and not defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the
Indenture. 

This Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose until the
certificate of authentication on the face hereof is manually signed by the Trustee. 

A-5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed. 

EVERGY KANSAS CENTRAL, INC.

By 

Name:

Title:

By 

Name:

Title:

Dated: __________ 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein issued under the Indenture described herein.

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,

as
Trustee

By 

Authorized Signatory

Dated: ________________________ 

A-6 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

To assign this Note, fill in the form below: I or 

we assign and
transfer this Note to 

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip 

code) (Insert assignees soc. Sec. or tax I.D. No.) 

and irrevocably appoint ________________________
agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Company. The agent may substitute another to act for him. 

Date: Your Signature: 

Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note.

Signature Guarantee: 

Signature must be guaranteed Signature

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Security
Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Security Registrar in addition
to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A-7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>d892895dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

March 13, 2025 

Evergy Kansas Central, Inc. 

818 South Kansas Avenue 

Topeka, Kansas 66612 

Re: 

Evergy Kansas Central, Inc. 

$300,000,000 aggregate principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds, 5.25% Series due 2035 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

I have served as Senior
Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Evergy Kansas Central, Inc., a Kansas corporation (the Company), in connection with the issuance and sale by the Company of $300,000,000 aggregate principal amount of First
Mortgage Bonds, 5.25% Series due 2035 (the Bonds), covered by the Registration Statement on Form S-3(No. 333-281614-02) (the Registration Statement) filed on August 16, 2024 by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

The Bonds were issued under and secured by the Mortgage and Deed of Trust (the Indenture)
dated July 1, 1939, as amended and supplemented, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor to BNY Midwest Trust Company, as successor to Harris Trust and Savings Bank, as trustee (the
Trustee). The Bonds were sold by the Company pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, dated March 6, 2025, among the Company, MUFG Securities Americas Inc., PNC Capital Markets LLC, Regions Securities LLC, TD Securities (USA) LLC,
Truist Securities, Inc. and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc., as representatives of the several underwriters named therein. 

In rendering
the opinion expressed below, I have examined and relied upon a copy of the Registration Statement and the exhibits filed therewith. I am familiar with the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and the Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company and the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company relating to the Registration Statement. I have also examined originals, or copies of originals certified to my satisfaction, of
such agreements, documents, certificates and statements of government officials and other instruments, and have examined such questions of law and have satisfied myself as to such matters of fact, as I have considered relevant and necessary as a
basis for this opinion letter. I have assumed the authenticity of all documents submitted to me as originals, the genuineness of all signatures, the legal capacity of all persons other than the directors and officers of the Company and the
conformity with the original documents of any copies thereof submitted to me for examination. I have also assumed that the Indenture is the valid and binding obligation of the Trustee. 

Based on the foregoing, and subject to the qualifications and limitations hereinafter set forth, I am of the opinion that the Bonds are
legally issued and constitute the valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws affecting enforcement of mortgagees and other creditors rights
generally and general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

For
purposes of this opinion letter, I have further assumed that the Bonds will be governed by the laws of the State of Kansas. I am licensed to practice law in the State of Kansas and the foregoing opinions are limited to the laws of the State of
Kansas. 

I hereby consent to the filing of this opinion letter as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and to all references to me
included in or made a part of the Registration Statement. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Heather A. Humphrey

Heather A. Humphrey

Senior Vice President, General

Counsel and
Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.2
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>d892895dex52.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.2
<TEXT>
EX-5.2

Exhibit 5.2 

March 13, 2025 

Evergy
Kansas Central, Inc. 

818 S. Kansas Avenue 

Topeka, Kansas
66612 

Re: 

Evergy Kansas Central, Inc. 

$300,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Notes, 4.70% Series due 2028 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have served as counsel
to Evergy Kansas Central, Inc., a Kansas corporation (the Company), in connection with the issuance and sale by the Company of $300,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of the Companys Notes, 4.70% Series due 2028 (the
Notes), covered by the Companys Registration Statement (the Registration Statement) on Form S-3 (File
No. 333-281614-02), including the prospectus constituting a part thereof, dated August 16, 2024, and the final prospectus supplement, dated March 6, 2025
(collectively, the Prospectus), filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). 

The Notes were issued under the Companys Indenture, dated August 1, 1998 (the Original Indenture), between the Company
(formerly Western Resources, Inc.) and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (formerly known as Bankers Trust Company)), as trustee (the Trustee), as amended and
supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of March 13, 2025, between the Company and the Trustee establishing the forms, terms and other provisions of the Notes (the Supplemental Indenture, and together with
the Original Indenture, the Indenture). The Notes were sold by the Company pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, dated March 6, 2025, among the Company, MUFG Securities Americas Inc., PNC Capital Markets LLC, Regions Securities
LLC, TD Securities (USA) LLC, Truist Securities, Inc. and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc., as representatives of the several underwriters named therein. 

In rendering the opinion expressed below, we have examined and relied upon copies of the Registration Statement and the exhibits filed
therewith, and the Indenture. We have also examined originals, or copies of originals certified to our satisfaction, of such agreements, documents, certificates and statements of government officials and other instruments, and have examined such
questions of law and have satisfied ourselves as to such matters of fact, as we have considered relevant and necessary as a basis for this opinion letter. We have assumed (i) 

ATLANTA AUSTIN BANGKOK BEIJING BOSTON BRUSSELS CHARLOTTE DALLAS DUBAI HOUSTON 

LONDON LOS ANGELES MIAMI NEW YORK RICHMOND SAN FRANCISCO TOKYO TYSONS WASHINGTON, DC 

www.Hunton.com 

Evergy Kansas Central, Inc. 

March 13, 2025 

Page 2 

the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, (ii) the genuineness of all signatures, (iii) the legal capacity of all persons other than the directors and officers of
the Company and (iv) the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as certified or photostatic copies and the authenticity of the originals of such latter documents. We have also assumed that the Indenture is the valid
and legally binding obligation of the Trustee. 

Based on the foregoing, and subject to the qualifications and limitations hereinafter set
forth, we are of the opinion that the Notes, when duly executed, authenticated and issued as provided in the Indenture and in the manner and for the consideration contemplated by the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, will constitute the
valid and binding obligations of the Company (subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer or other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and
by the effect of general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). In rendering the foregoing opinion, with respect to matters of Kansas law, we have relied on the opinion of Heather A. Humphrey,
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company attached hereto as Annex I. 

We express no opinion herein as
to the law of any jurisdiction other than the law of the State of New York, the federal law of the United States and, to the extent set forth herein, the law of the State of Kansas. 

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion letter as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and to all references to us included in or
made a part of the Registration Statement. In giving the foregoing consent, we do not hereby admit that we come within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the
SEC thereunder. This opinion is limited to the matters stated in this letter, and no opinion may be implied or inferred beyond the matters expressly stated in this letter. This opinion is given as of the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to
advise you after the date hereof of facts or circumstances that come to our attention or changes in the law, including judicial or administrative interpretations thereof, that occur which could affect the opinions contained herein. 

Very truly yours, 

/s/ Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP 

HUNTON ANDREWS KURTH LLP 

March 13, 2025 

Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP 

200 Park Avenue 

New York, New York 10166 

Re: 

Evergy Kansas Central, Inc. 

$300,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Notes, 4.70% Series due 2028 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

I have served as Senior
Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary to Evergy Kansas Central, Inc., a Kansas corporation (the Company), in connection with the issuance and sale by the Company of $300,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of the
Companys Notes, 4.70% Series due 2028 (the Notes), covered by the Companys Registration Statement on
Form S-3 (No. 333-281614-02) (the Registration Statement), including the prospectus constituting
a part thereof, dated August 16, 2024, and the final prospectus supplement, dated March 6, 2025 (collectively, the Prospectus), filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). 

The Notes were issued under the Companys Indenture, dated
August 1, 1998 (the Original Indenture), between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (formerly known as Bankers Trust Company)), as trustee (the
Trustee), as amended and supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of March 13, 2025, between the Company and the Trustee establishing the forms, terms and other provisions of the Notes (the
Supplemental Indenture, and together with the Original Indenture, the Indenture). The Notes were sold by the Company pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, dated March 6, 2025, among the Company, MUFG Securities
Americas Inc., PNC Capital Markets LLC, Regions Securities LLC, TD Securities (USA) LLC, Truist Securities, Inc. and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc., as representatives of the several underwriters named therein. 

In rendering the opinions expressed below, I have examined and relied upon copies of the Registration Statement and the exhibits filed
therewith, and the Indenture. I am familiar with the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and the Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company and the resolution of the Boards of Directors
of the Company relating to the Notes. I have also examined originals, or copies of originals certified to my satisfaction, of such agreements, documents, certificates and statements of government officials and other instruments, and have examined
such questions of law and have satisfied myself as to such matters of fact, as I have considered relevant and necessary as a basis for this opinion letter. I have assumed the authenticity of all documents submitted to me as originals, the
genuineness of all signatures, the legal capacity of all persons other than the directors and officers of the Company and the conformity with the original documents of any copies thereof submitted to me for examination. 

Based on the foregoing, and subject to the qualifications and limitations hereinafter set
forth, I am are of the opinion that: 

(a) 

The Company is a validly organized and existing corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of
Kansas. 

(b) 

The Notes have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 

I am licensed to practice law in the State of Kansas and the foregoing opinion is limited to the laws of the State of Kansas. 

This opinion is furnished for your benefit in connection with your rendering an opinion to the Company to be filed as Exhibit 5.2 to the
Registration Statement and I hereby consent to your attaching this opinion to the opinion being rendered by you. In giving the foregoing consent, I do not hereby admit that I come within the category of persons whose consent is required under
Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder. This opinion is limited to the matters stated in this letter, and no opinion may be implied or inferred beyond the matters expressly stated in this letter. This
opinion is given as of the date hereof, and I assume no obligation to advise you after the date hereof of facts or circumstances that come to my attention or changes in the law, including judicial or administrative interpretations thereof, that
occur which could affect the opinions contained herein. 

Sincerely,

/s/ Heather A. Humphrey

Heather A. Humphrey

Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>evrg-20250313.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
1001 - Document - Cover Page 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:calculationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.CAL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>evrg-20250313_cal.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>evrg-20250313_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>evrg-20250313_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Entities [Table] 
Entities [Table] 

Entity Information [Line Items] 
Entity Information [Line Items] 

Amendment Flag 

City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 

Document Type 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity File Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Local Phone Number 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Security Exchange Name 

Soliciting Material 

Trading Symbol 

Written Communications 

Legal Entity [Axis] 
Legal Entity [Axis] 

Entity [Domain] 
Entity [Domain] 

Evergy Kansas Central Inc [Member] 

Utility operating in Kansas.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>evrg-20250313_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>g892895g0311070415799.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover Page

Mar. 13, 2025

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name Evergy, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001711269

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 13, 2025

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MO

Entity File Number 001-38515

Entity Tax Identification Number 82-2733395

Entity Address, Address Line One 1200 Main Street

Entity Address, City or Town Kansas City

Entity Address, State or Province MO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 64105

City Area Code 816

Local Phone Number 556-2200

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Title of 12(b) Security Evergy, Inc. common stock

Trading Symbol EVRG

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Amendment Flag false

Evergy Kansas Central Inc [Member] 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name Evergy Kansas Central, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000054507

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code KS

Entity File Number 001-03523

Entity Tax Identification Number 48-0290150

Entity Address, Address Line One 818 South Kansas Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town Topeka

Entity Address, State or Province KS

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 66612

City Area Code 785

Local Phone Number 575-6300

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: dei_LegalEntityAxis=evrg_EvergyKansasCentralIncMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
2 
22 
1 
false 
1 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
1001 - Document - Cover Page 
Sheet 
http://www.evergyinc.com/role/CoverPage 
Cover Page 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d892895d8k.htm 
evrg-20250313.xsd 
evrg-20250313_cal.xml 
evrg-20250313_def.xml 
evrg-20250313_lab.xml 
evrg-20250313_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-053956-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>d892895d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001711269 

2025-03-13 
2025-03-13 

0001711269 

evrg:EvergyKansasCentralIncMember 

2025-03-13 
2025-03-13 

0001711269 
0000054507 
false 
8-K 
2025-03-13 
001-38515 
Evergy, Inc. 
82-2733395 
MO 
1200 Main Street 
Kansas City 
MO 
64105 
816 
556-2200 
001-03523 
Evergy Kansas Central, Inc. 
48-0290150 
KS 
818 South Kansas Avenue 
Topeka 
KS 
66612 
785 
575-6300 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Evergy, Inc. common stock 
EVRG 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>