<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-001877.txt : 20250113
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-001877.hdr.sgml : 20250113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250113091039
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-001877
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250108
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ADDENTAX GROUP CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001650101
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MAILING, REPRODUCTION, COMMERCIAL ART & PHOTOGRAPHY [7330]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41478
		FILM NUMBER:		25525071

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		KINGKEY 100, BLOCK A, ROOM 4805
		STREET 2:		LUOHU DISTRICT
		CITY:			SHENZHEN CITY
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			518000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(86) 755 8696 1405

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		KINGKEY 100, BLOCK A, ROOM 4805
		STREET 2:		LUOHU DISTRICT
		CITY:			SHENZHEN CITY
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			518000
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000165010100016501012025-01-082025-01-08iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 8, 2025

Addentax
Group Corp.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-41478 35-2521028

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

Kingkey
100, Block A, Room 4805,

Luohu
District, Shenzhen City, China518000

(Address
of principal executive offices)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code +(86)755 86961 405

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock ATXG Nasdaq
Capital Market

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instructions A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
January 8, 2025, Addentax Group Corp. (the Company) entered into that certain securities purchase agreement (the Agreement)
to purchase 3,750,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock), of Well Information Technology
Corporation (Well InfoTech), a company incorporated in the State of Nevada, for a total cash consideration of USD $750,000
(the Shares). The Shares would constitute approximately 2.5% of the number of shares of Common Stock of Well InfoTech immediately
prior to the issuance of such Shares.

Pursuant
to the Agreement, the Company has been granted an option to purchase on the same terms and conditions as the purchase of the Shares an
additional 3,750,000 shares of Well InfoTechs Common Stock for a total cash consideration of USD $750,000 within five years of
the purchase of the Shares by the Company. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company was also given the right
to nominate and elect one member of the board of directors of Well InfoTech, reasonably acceptable to Well InfoTech, for so long as the
Company owns any Common Stock of Well InfoTech. The Agreement includes customary representations and warranties and various customary
covenants and closing conditions that are subject to certain limitations.

Well
InfoTech is headquartered in Hangzhou, Peoples Republic of China. It specializes in providing comprehensive marketing solutions
tailored to the fresh food industry. These solutions leverage both digital tools and traditional marketing techniques to enhance the
visibility and profitability of fresh food store owners, primarily targeting large cities in China such as Hangzhou, Beijing, and Heilongjiang.

On
January 12, 2025, the Company was issued 3,750,000 shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Agreement.

The
transaction was approved by the Board of Directors of the Company on January 3, 2025.

The
Shares issued under the Agreement were issued in reliance upon exemptions from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, and Rule 506 promulgated under Regulation D of the Securities Act.

The
foregoing summary of the Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of
such document, which is filed (without exhibits and schedules) as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein
by reference.

Item
8.01. Other Events.

On
January 13, 2025, the Company issued a press release (the Press Release) announcing the entry into the Agreement. A copy
of the Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated by reference herein.

Item
9.01. Exhibits.

The
exhibits filed or furnished with this report are listed in the following Exhibit Index:

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement, by and between the Company and Well Information Technology Corporation, dated January 8, 2025

99.1 Press Release

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Addentax
Group Corp.

Date:
January 13, 2025 By: /s/
Hong Zhida

Hong
Zhida

Chief
Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of January 8, 2025, between Well Information Technology
Corporation, a Nevada corporation (the Company), and Addentax Group Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Purchaser).

Recitals

A.
The Company and the Purchaser are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration
afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Regulation S, and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D as promulgated by the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act as defined herein; 

B.
The Purchaser wishes to purchase from the Company, and the Company wishes to sell and issue to the Purchaser, upon the terms and subject
to the conditions stated in this Agreement, 3,750,000 shares of the Companys common stock (the Shares), $0.001
par value per share (the Common Stock) for gross proceeds of $750,000 (the Purchase Price);

C.
The Purchaser wishes to have an option to purchase, and the Company agrees to grant the Purchaser such option to sell and issue to the
Purchaser, 3,750,000 shares of Common Stock (the Subsequent Closing Shares) for an additional $750,000 (the Subsequent
Closing Purchase Price) for a period of five (5) years following the First Closing Date (as defined below); and 

In
consideration of the mutual promises made herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I. 

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Addentax
Designee shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.3.

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Articles
of Incorporation means the Articles of Incorporation of the Company, in effect as of the date hereof.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day
on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close and/or The Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC is not open for at least five (5) hours of trading.

Closing
means each of the First Closing and the Subsequent Closing.

Closing
Date means with respect to the applicable Closing, the Business Day on which all of the applicable Transaction Documents have
been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations
to pay the Purchase Price and the Subsequent Closing Purchase Price, as applicable, and (ii) the Companys obligations to deliver
the Shares and the Subsequent Closing Shares, as applicable, in each case, have been satisfied or waived.

Commission
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the recitals.

Common
Stock shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the recitals.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Disclosure
Schedules means the disclosure schedules of the Company attached hereto and delivered concurrently herewith.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

First
Closing shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1.

First
Closing Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1.

GAAP
means United States generally accepted accounting principles.

Hazardous
Materials shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(m).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(pp).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

-2-

Issuer
Covered Person means the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, nor, to its knowledge, any director, executive
officer, other officer of the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys
outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405
under the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale.

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Per
Share Purchase Price equals, with respect to each share of Common Stock, $0.20 per share, subject, in each case, to adjustment
for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur
after the date of this Agreement.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

PRC
means the Peoples Republic of China.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition) pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened in writing against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary
or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority
(federal, state, county, local or foreign).

Purchase
Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the recitals. Purchaser Party shall have the meaning
ascribed to such term in Section 4.7.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Sanctions
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(jj).

-3-

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the recitals.

Subsequent
Closing shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1.

Subsequent
Closing Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a), and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, OTCQB, OTC Markets; the OTC Expert Market, OTC Bulletin Board or the OTC Markets Group Inc. (or any successors to any of the
foregoing). 

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement and all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

ARTICLE
II. 

PURCHASE
AND SALE

2.1
Closing. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchaser agrees to
purchase, at the applicable Closing the Shares and/or the Subsequent Closing Shares. At each applicable Closing, the Purchaser shall
deliver to the Company, via wire transfer to an account designated by the Company, immediately available United States dollars equal
to the Purchase Price, or Subsequent Closing Purchase Price, as applicable, and the Company shall deliver to the Purchaser its Shares
or Subsequent Closing Shares, as applicable, as set forth in Sections 2.2 and 4.3, and the Company and the Purchaser shall deliver to
each other the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set
forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3 for each Closing, such Closing shall be undertaken remotely by electronic exchange of Closing documentation.

(a)
First Closing. The first closing of the offer and sale of the Shares (the First Closing) shall occur at 10:00
am (New York City time) on the first (1st) Business Day on which the conditions to the First Closing set forth in Section
2.3 hereof are satisfied or waived in writing as provided elsewhere herein, or on such other date and time as agreed to by the Company
and the Purchaser (the First Closing Date). If the First Closing Date does not occur within five (5) Business Days
of the date hereof, this Agreement shall terminate and be null and void.

-4-

(b)
Subsequent Closing. If and as applicable, the Subsequent Closing of the offer and sale of the Subsequent Closing Shares (each,
a Subsequent Closing) shall occur at 10:00 am (New York City time) on the first (1st) Business Day on
which the conditions to the Subsequent Closing set forth in Section 2.3 hereof are satisfied or waived in writing as provided elsewhere
herein, or on such other date and time as agreed to by the Company and the Purchaser (the Subsequent Closing Date).

2.2
Deliveries. 

(a)
On or prior to the Closing Date for such Closing (except as noted), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Purchaser
the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii)
final Disclosure Schedules, dated as of the applicable Closing Date, duly executed by the Company;

(iii)
the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Companys Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial
Officer;

(iv)
a certificate executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Company, dated as of the applicable Closing Date,
in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser;

(v)
a certificate executed by the Secretary of the Company, dated as of the applicable Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably acceptable
to the Purchaser; and

(vi)
at the Purchasers election, (a) a stock certificate in the name of the Purchaser representing the Shares or the Subsequent Closing
Shares, as applicable, or (b) a certified copy of the Companys book entry ledger containing entries showing such Purchaser is
recorded as the owner of the Shares and/or Subsequent Closing Shares, as applicable.

(b)
On or prior to the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii)
the Purchase Price or the Subsequent Closing Purchase Price, as applicable, by wire transfer to the account specified Section 2.2(a)(iii)
above.

-5-

2.3
Closing Conditions. 

(a)
The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with each Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of such Closing of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained
herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date of such Closing shall
have been performed; and

(iii)
the delivery by the Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b)
The respective obligations of the Purchaser hereunder in connection with each Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of such Closing of the representations and warranties of the Company contained
herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date of such Closing shall
have been performed in all material respects;

(iii)
the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement; and

(iv)
there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof.

ARTICLE
III. 

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as otherwise limited herein or as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules,
which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or warranty otherwise made herein to the
extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations
and warranties to the Purchaser as of the date hereof and as of each Closing Date: 

(a)
Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company
owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and
all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and
free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

-6-

(b)
Organization and Qualification. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Except as set forth on Schedule
3.1(b), neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate
or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified
to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the
business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good
standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity
or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, or financial
condition of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to
perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material
Adverse Effect); provided that a change in the market price or trading volume of the Common Stock alone shall not be deemed,
in and of itself, to constitute a Material Adverse Effect. No Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting
or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no
further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith
other than in connection with the Required Approvals (as defined below). This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which
it is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms
hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with
its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and
other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the
availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution
provisions may be limited by applicable law.

-7-

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Shares and the Subsequent Closing Shares, as applicable, and the consummation by it
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys
or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict
with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation
of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement,
credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the
Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii)
subject to the Required Approvals (as defined below), conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment,
injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including
federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected;
except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents and such filings as are
required to be made under any applicable United States federal or state securities laws (the Required Approvals).

(f)
Issuance of the Shares and the Subsequent Closing Shares. The Shares and the Subsequent Closing Shares have been duly authorized
and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company, except for restrictions on transfer set forth in the Transaction Documents
or imposed by applicable securities laws. 

-8-

(g)
Capitalization. The Companys authorized and outstanding capitalization is set forth on Schedule 3.1(g). Except as
set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), the Company has not issued any capital stock under the Exchange Act other than pursuant to the exercise
or vesting of employee stock Awards (as defined below) under the Company Incentive Plans (as defined below). The shares of Common Stock
and all of the Companys shares of preferred stock outstanding prior to the issuance of the Shares and/or Subsequent Closing Shares,
as applicable, have been duly authorized and are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. There are no options, warrants, agreements,
contracts or other rights in existence to purchase or acquire from the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company any shares of the capital
stock of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, subject to the grant of Awards consistent with past practices. No Person has any
right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents. The description of the Companys stock option, stock bonus and other stock plans or incentive award
arrangements (the Company Incentive Plans), and the share awards, stock options or other rights and awards granted
thereunder (collectively, the Awards), set forth on Schedule 3.1(g) accurately and fairly presents in all
material respects the information required to be shown with respect to such plans, arrangements, options and rights. Each grant of an
Award (A) was duly authorized no later than the date on which the grant of such Award was by its terms to be effective by all necessary
corporate action, including, as applicable, approval by the board of directors of the Company (or a duly constituted and authorized committee
thereof) and any required shareholder approval by the necessary number of votes or written consents, and the award agreement governing
such grant (if any) was duly executed and delivered by each party thereto and (B) was made in accordance with the terms of the applicable
Company Incentive Plan, and all applicable laws and regulatory rules or requirements, including all applicable federal securities laws.
The issuance and sale of the Shares and the Subsequent Closing Shares, as applicable, will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary
to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchaser) and will not result in a right of any holder
of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. There are no outstanding
securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts,
commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the
Company or such Subsidiary. There are no stockholder agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys
capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the Companys knowledge, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h)
Material Agreements. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is a party or
by which it is or may be bound or affected and that is material to the Companys business (each, a Material Agreement),
has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable
against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally,
(y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and
(z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses
and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefore may be brought. No Material Agreement has been assigned by the
Company, and neither the Company nor, to the best of the Companys knowledge, any other party is in default thereunder and, to
the Companys knowledge, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute
a default thereunder that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. To the Companys
knowledge, performance by the Company of the material provisions of the Material Agreements will not result in a violation of any existing
applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction
over the Company or any of its assets or businesses, including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations.

-9-

(i)
[Reserved].

(j)
Litigation. There is no material action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the Companys
knowledge, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court,
arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an
Action). None of the Actions adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of
this Agreement or the Shares or the Subsequent Closing Shares or could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has
been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach
of fiduciary duty. 

(k)
Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement. To the Companys knowledge, no executive
officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract,
confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or
any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are
in compliance with all applicable U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices,
terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l)
Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that
has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor
has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture,
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound
(whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator
or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any applicable statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any
governmental authority, including without limitation all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental
protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could
not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

-10-

(m)
Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in material compliance with all applicable federal, state, local
and foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater,
land surface or subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants,
contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment,
or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous
Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice
letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws);
(ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective
businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i),
(ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses, except where the failure to
possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material Permits),
and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material
Permit.

(o)
Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them
and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries, and (ii) Liens for the payment
of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of
which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance, except
where the failure to be in compliance could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

-11-

(p)
Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights
and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses and which the failure to so have could
have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary has received a written notice that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned,
or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor
any Subsidiary has received a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate
or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect.
To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another
Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect
the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has no knowledge of any facts that could preclude
it from having valid license rights or clear title to the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company has no knowledge that it lacks or
will be unable to obtain any rights or licenses to use all Intellectual Property Rights that are necessary to conduct its business.

(q)
Insurance. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(q), the Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized
financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the
Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage.

(r)
Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(r), none of the officers or directors of
the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the Companys knowledge, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently
a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including
any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal
property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any
officer, director or such employee or, to the Companys knowledge, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee
has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other
than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company
and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(s)
[Reserved]. 

(t)
Certain Fees. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any
broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchaser shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims
made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, the Company shall pay all fees of the Purchaser associated with the preparation
and negotiation of the Transaction Documents and each Closing of the transaction.

-12-

(u)
Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Shares and/or
Subsequent Closing Shares, will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

(v)
[Reserved].

(w)
[Reserved]

(x)
Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and its Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order
to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys Articles of Incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws
of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchaser as a result of the Purchaser and the Company fulfilling
their obligations or exercising their rights under this Agreement, including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance
of the Shares and Subsequent Closing Shares, as applicable, and the Purchasers ownership of the Shares and Subsequent Closing
Shares, as applicable.

(y)
Disclosure. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchaser regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries,
their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and
correct in all material respects and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary
in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company
acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser does not make and has not made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(z)
No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Shares
and Subsequent Closing Shares, as applicable, to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities
Act which would require the registration of any such securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval
provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

-13-

(aa)
Tax Status. The Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and
all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has
paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, whether or not shown or determined to be due
on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material
taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no
basis for any such claim.

(bb)
Foreign Tax Compliance. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(bb), no transaction, stamp, capital or other issuance, registration,
transaction, transfer or withholding taxes or duties are payable in the PRC or to any PRC taxing authority in connection with the issuance,
sale and delivery of this Agreement, and the delivery of the Shares and Subsequent Closing Shares, as applicable, to the Purchaser. 

(cc)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the Companys knowledge, any agent or other person
acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts,
entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign
or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii)
failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which
the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(dd)
[Reserved].

(ee)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser is acting
solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that the Purchaser is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in
any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any
Purchaser or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Shares and Subsequent Closing Shares, as applicable. The Company
further represents to the Purchaser that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents
has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ff)
[Reserved].

(gg)
[Reserved].

(hh)
[Reserved]

-14-

(ii)
Stock Incentive Plans. Each Award granted by the Company under the Companys Incentive Plans was granted (i) in accordance
with the terms of the applicable Company Incentive Plan and (ii) if applicable, with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market
value of the Common Stock on the date such Award would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No Award granted under the
Companys Incentive Plans has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy
or practice to knowingly grant, Awards prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of Awards with, the release or other public
announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(jj)
Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is (a) currently subject to or owned or controlled by a Person
that is subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC)
or the United Nations Security Counsel (UNSC and with OFAC, the Sanctions); nor (b) located,
organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions (including, without limitation, the Russian Federation,
Burma/Myanmar, Cuba, Iran, Libya, North Korea, Sudan and Syria). The Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the
offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary or affiliated entity, joint venture partner
or other Person (a) to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that, at the
time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions; or (b) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions
by any Person (including any Person participating in the offering, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise).

(kk)
Anti-Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance
with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as
amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Anti-Money
Laundering Laws), and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator
involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened
in writing.

-15-

(ll)
Compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws. None of the Company, or any Subsidiary or any of their respective directors, officers, or
employees, or, to the knowledge of the Company, any Affiliate, agent or representatives of the Company or any Subsidiary, or other person
acting on behalf of the Company and the Subsidiaries: (i) is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result
in a violation by such persons of, as applicable, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations
thereunder, the Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the PRC, the Criminal Law of the PRC and any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption
laws, rules or regulations; (ii) has used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense
relating to political activity; (iii) has taken or will take any action in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization
or approval of the payment or giving of money, property, gifts or anything else of value, directly or indirectly to any foreign or domestic
(a) government official, (b) government employee or employee of government-owned or controlled entity or of a public international organization,
(c) any person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of any of the foregoing, or (d) political party or official of any political
party or any candidate for any political office, in each case in order to influence official action or secure an improper advantage;
(iv) has made, offered, agreed, requested or taken an act in furtherance of any unlawful bribe or other unlawful benefit, including,
any bribe, rebate, pay-off, influence payment, kick-back or other unlawful or improper payment or benefit; or (v) will use, directly
or indirectly, the proceeds of the offering of the Shares and Subsequent Closing Shares in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise
to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any person in violation of any applicable anti-corruption
laws. The Company and the Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, its other affiliates have conducted their businesses in
compliance with all applicable anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws. The Company and the Subsidiaries have instituted and will continue
to maintain, policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance
therewith and with the representations and warranties contained herein.

(mm)
Compliance with PRC Oversea Investment and Listing Rules and Regulations. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(mm), the
Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable steps to cause the Companys shareholders, directors and officers that is, or
directly or indirectly controlled by, a PRC resident or citizen, to comply with any applicable rules and regulations of relevant PRC
government agencies (including but not limited to the Ministry of Commerce, the National Development and Reform Commission, the China
Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC), and the State Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE))
relating to such persons shareholding with the Company (collectively, the PRC Oversea Investment and Listing Rules and
Regulations), including, without limitation, taking reasonable steps to require each such person that is, or is directly or
indirectly owned or controlled by, a PRC resident or citizen to complete any registration, to timely report material changes, and other
procedures required under any applicable PRC Oversea Investment and Listing Rules and Regulations.

(nn)
M&A Rules. The Company is aware of and has been advised as to the content of the Rules on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic
Enterprises by Foreign Investors jointly promulgated by the Ministry of Commerce, the State Assets Supervision and Administration Commission,
the State Tax Administration, the State Administration of Industry and Commerce, the CSRC and SAFE on August 8, 2006 and amended in 2009
(the M&A Rules), in particular the relevant provisions thereof that purport to require offshore special purpose
vehicles formed for the purpose of obtaining a stock exchange listing outside of the PRC and controlled directly or indirectly by companies
or natural persons of the PRC, to obtain the approval of the CSRC prior to the listing and trading of their securities on a stock exchange
located outside of the PRC; the Company has received legal advice specifically with respect to the M&A Rules from its PRC counsel.

(oo)
Other Covered Persons. The Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been or will be
paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Shares or Subsequent Closing
Shares.

-16-

(pp)
Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of each Closing, after giving effect
to the receipt by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the securities offered hereunder, the current cash flow of the Company,
together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated
uses of the cash, are sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid. The
Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts
of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe
that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one year from
each Closing Date. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money
or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties,
endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected
in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments
for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments
in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(qq)
Cybersecurity. (i) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys
information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees,
suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems
and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition
that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company
and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations
of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy
and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation
or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries
have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and
the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have
implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

(rr)
Subsidiary Rights. The Company has the unrestricted right to vote, and (subject to limitations imposed by applicable law) to receive
dividends and distributions on, all capital securities of its Subsidiaries as owned by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company.

-17-

3.2
Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser. The Purchaser hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of
each Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a)
Organization; Authority. The Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. This Agreement and the performance by the Purchaser of the transactions
contemplated thereby to which it is a party has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Purchaser, and, assuming due and
valid authorization, execution and delivery by each of the other parties thereto (other than the Purchaser) when delivered by the Purchaser
in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable against it
in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws
relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification
and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(b)
Understandings or Arrangements. The Purchaser is acquiring the Shares and Subsequent Closing Shares, as applicable, as principal
for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the
distribution of such Shares or Subsequent Closing Shares (this representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right
to sell the Shares and Subsequent Closing Shares or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). The Purchaser
is acquiring such Shares and Subsequent Closing Shares, as applicable as principal for its own account and not with a view to or for
distributing or reselling such Shares or Subsequent Closing Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Shares of Subsequent Closing Shares in violation of the Securities
Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute
or regarding the distribution of such Shares in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation
and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell such Shares and Subsequent Closing Shares pursuant to a registration statement
or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are
or will be payable by the Purchaser to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank
or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(c)
Purchaser Status. At the time the Purchaser was offered the Shares and Subsequent Closing Shares, it was, and as of the date hereof
it is, either: (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) of Regulation
D promulgated under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities
Act that is also an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) of Regulation D
promulgated under the Securities Act.

-18-

(d)
Experience of the Purchaser. The Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Shares and Subsequent Closing Shares, as applicable, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. The Purchaser
is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Shares and Subsequent Closing Shares, at the present time, is able to afford
a complete loss of such investment.

(e)
Access to Information. The Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including
all exhibits and schedules thereto) and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and
to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Shares and Subsequent
Closing Shares and the merits and risks of investing in the Shares and Subsequent Closing Shares; (ii) access to information about the
Company and its financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to
evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without
unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment.

(f)
General Solicitation. The Purchaser is not purchasing the Shares or Subsequent Closing Shares as a result of any advertisement,
article, notice or other communication regarding the Shares or Subsequent Closing Shares published in any newspaper, magazine or similar
media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of the Purchaser, any other general solicitation
or general advertisement.

(g)
Legends. It is understood that, except as provided below, certificates or book entry accounts evidencing the Shares or Subsequent
Closing Shares, as applicable, may bear the following or any similar legend:

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY
STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED
UNLESS (I) SUCH SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED FOR SALE PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, (II) SUCH SECURITIES MAY
BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, OR (III) THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSFER
MAY LAWFULLY BE MADE WITHOUT REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES
MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

In
addition to the above legend, if required by the authorities of any state in connection with the issuance of sale of the Shares or Subsequent
Closing Shares, the Shares or Subsequent Closing Shares, as applicable, shall also bear the legend required by such state authority.

-19-

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect the Purchasers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties
contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

ARTICLE
IV. 

OTHER
AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1
Removal of Legends. 

In
connection with any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposition of the Shares or Subsequent Closing Shares by the Purchaser pursuant
to Rule 144 or pursuant to any other exemption under the Securities Act such that a purchaser acquires freely tradable Shares or Subsequent
Closing Shares and upon compliance by the Purchaser with the requirements of this Agreement, if requested by the Purchaser, the Company
shall timely remove or cause its transfer agent to timely remove any restrictive legends related to the book entry account holding such
Shares or Subsequent Closing Shares, as applicable, and make a new, unlegended entry for such book entry Shares or Subsequent Closing
Shares sold or disposed of without restrictive legends within two Business Days of the request of the Purchaser, provided that the Company
has received from the Purchaser customary representations and other documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company in connection
therewith, including, if requested by the Company or its transfer agent, an opinion of counsel to that effect.

(a)
Subject to receipt from the Purchaser by the Company and its transfer agent of customary representations and other customary documentation
reasonably acceptable to the Company and its transfer agent in connection therewith, upon the earliest of (i) the Shares and Subsequent
Closing Shares being subject to an effective registration statement covering the resale of the Shares and Subsequent Closing Shares,
(ii) such time as the Shares and Subsequent Closing Shares have been sold pursuant to Rule 144, or (iii) such time as the Shares and
Subsequent Closing Shares are eligible for resale under Rule 144(c) without current information or volume limitations or any successor
provision (such earliest date, the Effective Date), the Company shall (A) deliver to the transfer agent irrevocable
instructions that the transfer agent shall make a new, unlegended entry for such book entry Shares or Subsequent Closing Shares, and
(B) cause its counsel to deliver to the transfer agent, no later than two (2) Trading Days after the Effective Date, one or more opinions
to the effect that the removal of such legends in such circumstances may be effected under the Securities Act if required by the transfer
agent to effect the removal of the legend in accordance with such irrevocable instructions and the other applicable provisions of this
Agreement. The Company agrees that following the Effective Date or at such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section,
it will, no later than two (2) Trading Days following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the transfer agent of a certificate
representing Shares or Subsequent Closing Shares issued with a restrictive legend, deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser
a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on
its records or give instructions to the transfer agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section. Shares or
Subsequent Closing Shares subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the transfer agent to the Purchaser by crediting
the account of the Purchasers prime broker with the DTC System as directed by such Purchaser. The Company shall be responsible
for the fees of its transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with such issuance.

-20-

(b)
The Purchaser agrees with the Company (i) that the Purchaser will sell any Shares and Subsequent Closing Shares pursuant to either the
registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or an exemption therefrom,
(ii) that if Shares or Subsequent Closing Shares are sold pursuant to a registration statement, they will be sold in compliance with
the plan of distribution set forth therein and (iii) that if, after the effective date of a registration statement covering the resale
of the Shares or Subsequent Closing Shares, such registration statement is not then effective and the Company has provided notice to
such Purchaser to that effect, such Purchaser will sell Shares or Subsequent Closing Shares only in compliance with an exemption from
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Purchaser acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive legend from certificates
representing Shares or Subsequent Closing Shares as set forth in this Section is predicated upon the Companys reliance upon this
understanding and that any counsel to the Company will be entitled to rely on this acknowledgment in connection with the opinion(s) described
in Section 4.1(b).

4.2
Subsequent Closing. Within five (5) years from the Closing Date of the First Closing, the Purchaser shall have the right to require
the Company to consummate an additional closing (a Subsequent Closing) of up to an additional 3,750,000 shares of
Common Stock for a purchase price of $750,000 on the same terms and conditions as the First Closing.

4.3
Board Composition. The Purchaser shall have the right to cause the nomination and election to the Board of Directors of one (1)
individual designated by the Purchaser and reasonably acceptable to the Company (the Addentax Designee) for so long
as the Purchaser owns any shares of Common Stock (the Right to Nominate), and the Company agrees to promptly take
all necessary actions for the nomination and election of the Addentax Designee to the Board of Directors. The Company further agrees
to provide, in its reasonable discretion, onboarding materials to the Addentax Designee to facilitate their readiness to join the Board
of Directors upon election, including without limitation prior board meeting materials and minutes, strategic plans, operating budgets,
organizational charts, and any relevant compensation plans or arrangements, as reasonably requested by the Addentax Designee (collectively,
the Onboarding Information); provided that the Company shall not be required to provide any Onboarding Information
that would be reasonably be expected to compromise attorney-client privilege.

-21-

4.4
Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security
(as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Shares or Subsequent Closing Shares
for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing
of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.5
Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, by any other Person,
that the Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill
(including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by
the Company, or that the Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving
Shares or Subsequent Closing Shares under this Agreement or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchaser.

4.6
Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Shares or Subsequent Closing Shares hereunder for
general working capital purposes.

4.7
Indemnification of Purchaser. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.7, the Company will indemnify and hold the Purchaser
and its directors, officers, managers, advisors, brokers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons
with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person
who controls the Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors,
officers, managers, advisers, brokers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally
equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons
(each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages,
costs and reasonable expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees
and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement, (b) the administration, performance or enforcement
by the Purchaser Parties, or any of them, of this Agreement or consummation of any transaction described therein, (c) additionally, if
any taxes (excluding taxes imposed upon or measured solely by the net income of the recipient of any payment made under this Agreement,
but including any intangibles tax, stamp tax, recording tax or franchise tax) shall be imposed on the Company or any Purchaser Party,
whether or not lawfully payable, on account of the execution or delivery of this Agreement, or the creation or repayment of any of obligations
hereunder, by reason of any applicable regulations now or hereafter in effect, the Company shall pay (or shall promptly reimburse such
Purchaser Party for the payment of) all such taxes, including any interest, penalties, expenses and other losses with respect thereto,
and will indemnify and hold the Purchaser Parties harmless from and against all interest, penalties, expenses and losses arising therefrom
or in connection therewith, or (d) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective
Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (unless such action is based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties
or covenants under this Agreement or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any
violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially
determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in
respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing,
and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser
Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof,
but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (x) the employment
thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (y) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume
such defense and to employ counsel or (z) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material
issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for
the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under
this Agreement (1) for any settlement or compromise of, or consent to the entry of judgement in, any action, claim or proceeding by a
Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (2)
to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of
any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement. The indemnification required
by this Section 4.7 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and
when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar
right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

-22-

ARTICLE
V. 

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by the Purchaser, by written notice to the Company,
if the First Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Business Day following
the date hereof.

5.2
Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and
expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the
negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all transfer agent fees, if applicable
(including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any
exercise notice delivered by the Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Shares
and Subsequent Closing Shares to the Purchaser.

5.3
Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules hereto and thereto, contain the entire understanding
of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written,
with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth below at or prior to 5:30 p.m.
(New York City time) on a Business Day, (b) the next Business Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth below on a day that is not a Business
Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Business Day, (c) the second (2nd) Business Day following the date of mailing,
if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required
to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth below:

If
to the Company:

Well
Information Technology Corporation1

Building
1, 4/F, 6 Longzhang Road, Xinhang Business Center,

Xihu
District, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang 310000 China

Attn:
Baolei Wang

Email:
wellinfotech8@gmail.com

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

[]

If
to the Purchaser:

to
the address set forth on the signature page hereto.

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Sullivan
& Worcester LLP

1251
Avenue of the Americas, 19th Floor

New
York, NY 10020

Attention:
David E. Danovitch, Esq. and Hermione M. Krumm, Esq.

E-mail:
ddanovitch@sullivanlaw.com; hkrumm@sullivanlaw.com

1
Please add information for notice.

-23-

5.5
Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument
signed, in the case of an amendment prior to the First Closing by the Purchaser, and after the First Closing, by the Company and the
Purchaser or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought. No waiver of any
default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future
or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission
of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. 

5.6
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of the Purchaser (other than by merger). The Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom
the Purchaser assigns or transfers any Shares or Subsequent Closing Shares, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound,
with respect to the transferred Shares or Subsequent Closing Shares, as applicable, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that
apply to the Purchaser.

5.8
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise
set forth in Section 4.7 and this Section 5.8.

5.9
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to the principles
of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective
affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and
federal courts sitting in the County of Clark, Nevada. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state
and federal courts sitting in the County of Clark, Nevada for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or
with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents),
and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the
jurisdiction of any such court, that such action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party
hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such action or proceeding by mailing
a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect
for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the
obligations of the Company under Section 4.7, the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing
party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution
of such action or proceeding.

-24-

5.10
Survival. The covenants, representations and warranties contained herein shall survive each Closing and the delivery of the Shares
or Subsequent Closing Shares, as applicable, for a period of two (2) years from the last Closing.

5.11
Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party,
it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission
or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party
executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature
page were an original thereof.

5.12
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13
Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions
of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction
Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then the Purchaser may
rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election
in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights.

5.14
Replacement of Shares. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Shares or Subsequent Closing Shares is mutilated, lost,
stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in
the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence
reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such
circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement
Shares or Subsequent Closing Shares, as applicable.

5.15
Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages,
the Purchaser and the Company will be entitled to seek specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary
damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents
and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at
law would be adequate.

-25-

5.16
Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to the Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document
or the Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by
or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17
Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel
in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. 

5.18
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.19
Construction. The parties hereto agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity
to revise the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved
against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition,
each and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse
and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement.

5.20
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY HERETO AGAINST
ANY OTHER PARTY HERETO, THE PARTIES HERETO EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY
ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature
Pages Follow)

-26-

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

WELL
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

By: /s/
Baolei Wang

Name: Baolei
Wang

Title: CEO

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 

SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

-27-

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above.

Name
of Purchaser: Addentax Group Corp.

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: /s/ Addentax Group Corp. 

Name
of Authorized Signatory: HONG ZHIDA

Title
of Authorized Signatory: CEO

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory: zdhong@zgyingxi.com 

Facsimile
Number of Authorized Signatory: N/A

Address
for Notice to Purchaser: KINGKEY 100, BLOCK A, ROOM 4805, LUOHU DISTRICT, SHENZHEN CITY, CHINA 51800

Purchase
Price for the Shares: $750,000 

Purchase
Price to be paid by wire on Closing Date: $750,000 

Shares
of Common Stock to be issued at First Closing: 3,750,000 

Per
Share Purchase Price: $0.20 

SSN
or EIN Number:

-28-

DISCLOSURE
SCHEDULES

(see
attached)

SCHEDULE
3.1(a)

Subsidiaries

SCHEDULE
3.1(b)

Organization
and Qualification

SCHEDULE
3.1(g)

Capitalization

SCHEDULE
3.1(q)

Insurance

SCHEDULE
3.1(r)

Transaction
with Affiliates and Employees

SCHEDULE
3.1(bb)

Foreign
Tax Compliance

SCHEDULE
3.1(mm)

Compliance
with PRC Oversea Investment and Listing Rules and Regulations
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Addentax
Invests Equity Stake in Fresh Food Marketing Solution Provider, Well Information Technology Corporation

SHENZHEN,
China, January 13, 2025 /PRNewswire/ Addentax Group Corp. (Addentax or the Company) (Nasdaq: ATXG),
an integrated service provider focusing on garment manufacturing, logistics services, property management, and subleasing, has announced
that Addentax has purchased 3,750,000 common shares in Well Information Technology Corporation (Well InfoTech), a company
incorporated under the jurisdiction of the State of Nevada. Well InfoTech and its subsidiaries are headquartered in Hangzhou, Peoples
Republic of China.

Well
InfoTechs core expertise lies in providing a comprehensive range of marketing solutions, including both online and offline marketing
plans. Well InfoTech mainly serves store owners and managing personnel in fresh food industry across Peoples Republic of China,
mainly targeting large cities in China, such as Hangzhou, Beijing, and Heilongjiang. Their mission is to deliver comprehensive and tailored
marketing solutions that enhance the visibility and profitability of fresh food store owners. Well InfoTech is committed to leveraging
the latest digital tools and traditional marketing techniques to connect businesses with their customers, build lasting relationships,
and promote a culture of healthy eating.

Pursuant
to the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company acquired 2.5% equity stake in Well InfoTech for a total consideration of USD $750,000.
The investment was made in cash.

About
Addentax Group Corp.

Addentax
Group Corp. is an integrated service provider specializing in garment manufacturing, logistics services, and property management and
subleasing. For more information about the Company, please visit the website: https://www.addentax.com/.

Caution
Concerning Forward Looking Statements

All
statements other than statements of historical fact in this announcement are forward-looking statements in nature within the meaning
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the Companys
and Well InfoTechs expectations with respect to the Agreement, the valuation of Well InfoTech including the products it offers
and the markets in which it operates, and the Company and Well InfoTechs projected future results, and known and unknown risks
and uncertainties which are based on current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that the Company believes
may affect its financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. Words or phrases such as may,
will, expect, anticipate, aim, estimate, intend,
plan, believe, potential, continue, is/are likely to or other similar
expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes that the expectations expressed in
these forward-looking statements are reasonable, it cannot assure you that such expectations will turn out to be correct, and the Company
cautions investors that actual results may differ materially from the anticipated results and encourages investors to consider risk factors,
including those described in the Companys filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, that may affect the Companys
future results. All forward-looking statements attributable to the Company and its subsidiaries or persons acting on their behalf are
expressly qualified in their entirety by these risk factors. The forward-looking events discussed in this press release and other statements
made from time to time by us or our representatives, may not occur, and actual events and results may differ materially and are subject
to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions about us. These forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to Addentax
and its current plans or expectations and are subject to a number of known and unknown uncertainties, risks and other important factors
that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including but not limited to (i) risks related to the purchase of shares of Well
InfoTechs common stock, including risks related to the Companys ability to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits
from the purchase of the shares of Well InfoTechs common stock, and (ii) other risks as set forth from time to time in the Companys
filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the factors described in detail in the Risk Factors
section of Addentaxs Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2024. Although we believe the expectations reflected
in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. We are not
obligated to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking
events discussed in this press release and other statements made from time to time by us or our representatives might not occur, except
as may be required by law.

Company
Contact:

Public
Relations Contact:

Addentax
Group Corp.

Phone:
+ (86) 755 86961 405

xinyee.lee@zgyingxi.com

Investor
Relations Contact:

Sherry
Zheng

Weitian
Group LLC

1-718-213-7386

shunyu.zheng@weitian-ir.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>atxg-20250108.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>atxg-20250108_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>atxg-20250108_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 08, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 08, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41478

Entity Registrant Name Addentax
Group Corp.

Entity Central Index Key 0001650101

Entity Tax Identification Number 35-2521028

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One Kingkey
100, Block A

Entity Address, Address Line Two Room 4805

Entity Address, Address Line Three Luohu
District

Entity Address, City or Town Shenzhen City

Entity Address, Country CN

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 518000

City Area Code (86)

Local Phone Number 755 86961 405

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock

Trading Symbol ATXG

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://addentax.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

atxg-20250108.xsd 
atxg-20250108_lab.xml 
atxg-20250108_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-001877-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001650101 

2025-01-08 
2025-01-08 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001650101 
8-K 
2025-01-08 
Addentax Group Corp. 
NV 
001-41478 
35-2521028 
Kingkey 100, Block A 
Room 4805 
Luohu District 
Shenzhen City 
CN 
518000 
(86) 
755 86961 405 
Common Stock 
ATXG 
NASDAQ 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>