<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-002193.txt : 20250106
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-002193.hdr.sgml : 20250106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250106163929
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-002193
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241220
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AGL Private Credit Income Fund
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002011498
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01782
		FILM NUMBER:		25511789

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O AGL 535 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		24TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-973-8600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O AGL 535 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		24TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AGL Private Credit Income Fund LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20240209
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d862692d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000201149800020114982024-12-202024-12-20

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d)

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): December 20, 2024

AGL PRIVATE CREDIT INCOME FUND

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

814-01782

(Commission File Number)

Delaware 99-4917603

(State or Other

Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

535 Madison Avenue, 24th Floor,

New York, NY10022

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code)

(212)973-8600

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

None N/A N/A

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter):

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 3.02. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. 

On December 30, 2024, AGL Private Credit Income Fund, a Delaware statutory trust (the Company), closed the sale of 2,659,585.02 of the Companys common shares of beneficial interest, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Shares), for an aggregate offering price of $67,000,000. This capital was called pursuant to a drawdown notice delivered to shareholders of the Company on December 13, 2024. 

The sale of Common Shares was made pursuant to subscription agreements entered into by the Company and its shareholders. Under the terms of the subscription agreements, shareholders are required to fund drawdowns to purchase Common Shares up to the amount of their respective capital commitments on an as-needed basis with a minimum of 10 days prior notice to shareholders. 

The issuance of the Common Shares is exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof and Regulation D thereunder. The Company relied, in part, upon representations from the shareholders in the subscription agreements that each shareholder was an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

The Company entered into a Senior Secured Credit Agreement (the Senior Secured Credit Agreement), with the lenders party thereto, Natixis, New York Branch, as agent (the Agent), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as custodian, on December 20, 2024. Capitalized terms used in this report but not otherwise defined shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Senior Secured Credit Agreement. 

Loans under the Senior Secured Credit Agreement bear interest at (i) for Alternate Base Rate Loans, the greatest of (a) Prime, (b) NYFRB Rate plus 0.50%, and (c) SOFR plus 1.10% (however, in no case less than 1.00%), each adjusted by a further 0.90% margin, (ii) for Risk Free Rate Loans, the greater of (a) SONIA plus 0.1193% and (b) 0.00%, each adjusted by a further 1.90% margin, (iii) for Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Euros, the EURIBOR Screen Rate multiplied by the Statutory Reserve Rate, plus 1.90%, (iv) for Term Benchmark Loans denominated in United States dollars, SOFR, plus 2.00%, and (v) for Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Canadian dollars, CORRA, plus 2.22138%. 

Until the earlier of the date the Revolving Commitment terminates and the Commitment Termination Date, the Company will pay a non-use fee at an annual rate of 37.5 basis points (0.375%), accruing on the undrawn commitment. In addition, for letters of credit issued under the Senior Secured Credit Agreement, the Company will pay a fronting fee at an annual rate of 25 basis points (0.25%), accruing on the total outstanding letters of credit. 

The initial maximum principal amount available for borrowing under the Senior Secured Credit Agreement is $300.0 million and the Senior Secured Credit Agreement includes an accordion provision to permit increases in the total facility amount of up to a maximum of $450.0 million, subject in each case to the satisfaction of certain conditions. Proceeds from loans made under the Senior Secured Credit Agreement may be used for general corporate purposes or to fund collateral obligations acquired by the Company, subject to certain conditions set forth in the Senior Secured Credit Agreement. 

Revolving loans borrowed under the Senior Secured Credit Agreement may be repaid and reborrowed until the Commitment Termination Date, which can occur no later than December 20, 2028 (unless extended), and all amounts outstanding under the Senior Secured Credit Agreement must be repaid by the earlier of (i) December 20, 2029 or (ii) the occurrence of an event of default. 

The Senior Secured Credit Agreement is secured by all of the assets held by the Company. The Senior Secured Credit Agreement includes customary affirmative and negative covenants, including certain limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness and liens, as well as usual and customary events of default for credit facilities of this nature. 

This description of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Senior Secured Credit Agreement attached as Exhibit 10.1. 

Item 2.03. 

Creation of Direct Financial Obligation. 

The information included under Item 1.01 above regarding the Senior Secured Credit Agreement is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. 

Item 8.01. 

Other Events. 

On December 27, 2024, the Companys Board of Trustees declared a distribution from taxable earnings, which may include a return of capital and/or capital gains, in an amount equal to $0.41 per share, payable on January 28, 2025 to shareholders of record on December 27, 2024. 

As of December 29, 2024, the Company had made investments across 16 portfolio companies, with an aggregate par value of $478,453,465. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit 

No. Description

10.1 Senior Secured Credit Agreement dated as of December 20, 2024, by and among the Company, as borrower, the lenders and issuing banks thereto, Natixis, New York Branch, as Administrative Agent, Natixis, New York Branch, and Socit Gnrale, as Joint Lead Arrangers, and Natixis, New York Branch, as Sole Book Runner. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: January 6, 2025 

AGL PRIVATE CREDIT INCOME FUND

By: 

/s/ TAYLOR BOSWELL

Taylor Boswell

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d862692dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

EXECUTION COPY 

SENIOR SECURED 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 

dated as of 

December 20, 2024 

among

AGL PRIVATE CREDIT INCOME FUND 

as Borrower 

The LENDERS And
ISSUING BANKS Party Hereto 

and 

NATIXIS, NEW YORK BRANCH 

as
Administrative Agent 

$300,000,000 

NATIXIS, NEW YORK BRANCH and 

SOCIT GNRALE 

as Joint Lead Arrangers 

NATIXIS,
NEW YORK BRANCH 

Sole Book Runner 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 1 

SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms 1 

SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings 57 

SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally 57 

SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP 57 

SECTION 1.05. Currencies; Currency Equivalents 58 

SECTION 1.06. Divisions 59 

SECTION 1.07. Issuers 60 

SECTION 1.08. Outstanding Indebtedness 60 

SECTION 1.09. Reclassification 60 

SECTION 1.10. Calculations 60 

SECTION 1.11. Rates 60 

ARTICLE II THE CREDITS 61 

SECTION 2.01. The Commitments 61 

SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings 61 

SECTION 2.03. Requests for Syndicated Borrowings 62 

SECTION 2.04. Swingline Loans 64 

SECTION 2.05. Letters of Credit 66 

SECTION 2.06. Funding of Borrowings 73 

SECTION 2.07. Interest Elections 74 

SECTION 2.08. Termination, Reduction or Increase of the Commitments 75 

SECTION 2.09. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt 78 

SECTION 2.10. Prepayment of Loans 80 

SECTION 2.11. Fees 84 

SECTION 2.12. Interest 86 

SECTION 2.13. Inability to Determine Interest Rates 86 

SECTION 2.14. Increased Costs 88 

SECTION 2.15. Break Funding Payments 90 

SECTION 2.16. Taxes 90 

SECTION 2.17. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment: Sharing of
Set-offs 94 

SECTION 2.18. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 97 

SECTION 2.19. Defaulting Lenders 97 

SECTION 2.20. Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 101 

SECTION 2.21. Illegality 104 

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 106 

SECTION 3.01. Organization; Powers 106 

SECTION 3.02. Authorization; Enforceability 106 

SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts 106 

SECTION 3.04. Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Effect 107 

SECTION 3.05. Litigation 107 

SECTION 3.06. Compliance with Laws and Agreements 107 

SECTION 3.07. Taxes 107 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

(continued) 

Page 

SECTION 3.08. ERISA 107 

SECTION 3.09. Disclosure 107 

SECTION 3.10. Investment Company Act; Margin Regulations 108 

SECTION 3.11. Material Agreements and Liens 109 

SECTION 3.12. Subsidiaries and Investments 109 

SECTION 3.13. Properties 109 

SECTION 3.14. Affiliate Agreements 110 

SECTION 3.15. Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions 110 

SECTION 3.16. Collateral Documents 110 

SECTION 3.17. EEA Financial Institutions 110 

ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS 110 

SECTION 4.01. Effective Date 110 

SECTION 4.02. Each Credit Event 112 

ARTICLE V AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 113 

SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information 113 

SECTION 5.02. Notices of Material Events 115 

SECTION 5.03. Existence: Conduct of Business 116 

SECTION 5.04. Payment of Obligations 116 

SECTION 5.05. Maintenance of Properties; Insurance 116 

SECTION 5.06. Books and Records; Inspection and Audit Rights 117 

SECTION 5.07. Compliance with Laws 117 

SECTION 5.08. Certain Obligations Respecting Subsidiaries; Further Assurances 117 

SECTION 5.09. Use of Proceeds 119 

SECTION 5.10. Status of RIC and BDC 120 

SECTION 5.11. Investment and Valuation Policies 120 

SECTION 5.12. Portfolio Valuation and Diversification Etc. 120 

SECTION 5.13. Calculation of Borrowing Base 126 

ARTICLE VI NEGATIVE COVENANTS 136 

SECTION 6.01. Indebtedness 136 

SECTION 6.02. Liens 138 

SECTION 6.03. Fundamental Changes 140 

SECTION 6.04. Investments 142 

SECTION 6.05. Restricted Payments 143 

SECTION 6.06. Certain Restrictions on Subsidiaries 144 

SECTION 6.07. Certain Financial Covenants 144 

SECTION 6.08. Transactions with Affiliates 144 

SECTION 6.09. Lines of Business 145 

SECTION 6.10. No Further Negative Pledge 145 

SECTION 6.11. Modifications of Longer-Term Indebtedness Documents 146 

SECTION 6.12. Payments of Longer-Term Indebtedness 147 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

(continued) 

Page 

SECTION 6.13. Accounting Changes 147 

SECTION 6.14. SBIC Guarantee 148 

ARTICLE VII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 148 

ARTICLE VIII THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 152 

SECTION 8.01. Appointment of the Administrative Agent 152 

SECTION 8.02. Capacity as Lender 153 

SECTION 8.03. Limitation of Duties; Exculpation 153 

SECTION 8.04. Reliance 153 

SECTION 8.05. Sub-Agents 154 

SECTION 8.06. Resignation; Successor Administrative Agent 154 

SECTION 8.07. Reliance by Lenders 155 

SECTION 8.08. Modifications to Loan Documents 155 

SECTION 8.09. Erroneous Payments 156 

ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS 159 

SECTION 9.01. Notices; Electronic Communications 159 

SECTION 9.02. Waivers; Amendments 161 

SECTION 9.03. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 165 

SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns 167 

SECTION 9.05. Survival 173 

SECTION 9.06. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution 174 

SECTION 9.07. Severability 174 

SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff 174 

SECTION 9.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 175 

SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 175 

SECTION 9.11. Judgment Currency 176 

SECTION 9.12. Headings 176 

SECTION 9.13. Treatment of Certain Information; No Fiduciary Duty; Confidentiality 176 

SECTION 9.14. PATRIOT Act 178 

SECTION 9.15. Lender Information Reporting 179 

SECTION 9.16. Interest Rate Limitation 179 

SECTION 9.17. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of
Affected Financial Institutions 179 

SECTION 9.18. Certain ERISA Matters 180 

SECTION 9.19. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 182 

SECTION 9.20. Representations and Warranties of the Lenders 183 

SECTION 9.21. Joint Lead Arrangers 183 

SECTION 9.22. Termination 183 

SCHEDULE 1.01(a) - Approved Dealers and Approved Pricing Services

SCHEDULE 1.01(b) - Commitments

SCHEDULE 1.01(c) - Industry Classification Group List

SCHEDULE 1.01(d) - Excluded Assets

SCHEDULE 2.04 - Swingline Sublimits

SCHEDULE 2.05 - Issuing Bank LC Exposure

SCHEDULE 3.11 - Material Agreements and Liens

SCHEDULE 3.12(a) - Subsidiaries

SCHEDULE 3.12(b) - Investments

SCHEDULE 6.08 - Transactions with Affiliates

EXHIBIT A - Form of Assignment and Assumption

EXHIBIT B - Form of Borrowing Base Certificate

EXHIBIT C - Form of Borrowing Request

EXHIBIT D - Form of Commitment Increase Supplement

EXHIBIT E - Form of Lender NDA

EXHIBIT F - Form of Revolving Promissory Note

EXHIBIT G - Form of Interest Election Request

EXHIBIT H - Form of Compliance Certificate

SENIOR SECURED CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of December 20, 2024 (this
Agreement), among AGL PRIVATE CREDIT INCOME FUND, a Delaware statutory trust (the Borrower), the LENDERS and ISSUING BANKS from time to time party hereto, and NATIXIS, NEW YORK BRANCH, as Administrative Agent.

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below: 

ABR, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to such Loan, or the Loans constituting such Borrowing, being
denominated in Dollars and bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 

Adjusted Gross
Borrowing Base means (i) the Gross Borrowing Base plus (ii) the amount of any cash held in any collection (or similar) account of any Excluded Asset that is a collateralized loan obligation (a
CLO) or is otherwise subject to a third-party financing whereby a trustee or similar third party administers the collection (or similar) account and periodic waterfall payments therefrom, in each case, that
is reflected on a payment date schedule or similar distribution statement (in each case, which may be a draft so long as the amount to be distributed has been finalized) to be irrevocably distributed (subject only to the lapse of time
for a period not to exceed thirty (30) days from the date of such schedule or statement), directly or indirectly, to an Obligor on the next payment date or similar distribution date for such Excluded Asset. 

Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate means (a) for the Interest Period for any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros,
an interest rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) equal to (i) the Term Benchmark Rate for such Interest Period for such Currency multiplied by (ii) the Statutory Reserve Rate for such Interest
Period and (b) for the Interest Period for any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in a Currency (other than Euros), an interest rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) equal to the Term Benchmark Rate for
such Interest Period for such Currency; provided that if the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Administrative Agent means Natixis, in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder. 

Administrative Agents Account means, for each Currency, an account in respect of such Currency designated by the
Administrative Agent in a notice to the Borrower and the Lenders. 

Administrative Questionnaire means an administrative
questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 

Advance Rate has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 5.13. 

1 

Affected Currency has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.13. 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or
(b) any UK Financial Institution. 

Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person at any time, another Person
that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified at such time. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the term Affiliate shall
not include any Person that constitutes an Investment held by any Obligor or Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business; provided that the term Affiliate shall include any Subsidiary. 

Affiliate Agreements means (i) that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2024, by and between PCIF
Vigilant Funding LLC, as borrower, the Borrower, as equityholder and servicer, the lenders from time to time party thereto, the lender agents from time to time party thereto, Socit Gnrale, as agent and swingline
lender, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent and collateral administrator and U.S. Bank National Association, as document custodian, (ii) that certain Credit Agreement, to be dated on or about the date hereof, by
and among, PCIF Defender Funding LLC, as borrower, the Borrower, as collateral manager, the lenders from time to time party thereto, Natixis, New York Branch, as administrative agent, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral
agent, collateral administrator, information agent, collateral custodian and custodian, and U.S. Bank National Association, as document custodian, (iii) that certain Investment Advisory Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2024, by and
between the Borrower and the External Manager, (iv) that certain Administration Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2024, by and between the Borrower and AGL US DL Administrator LLC, (v) that certain Expense Support and Conditional
Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2024, by and between the Borrower and the External Manager, and (vi) that certain Resource Sharing Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2024, 2024, by and between the Borrower and the
External Manager.

Agent-Selected Third-Party Appraiser shall mean any Approved Third-Party Appraiser or any
other Independent nationally recognized third-party appraisal firm identified by the Administrative Agent and consented to by the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned). 

Agreed Foreign Currency means, at any time, (i) any of Canadian Dollars, Sterling and Euros and (ii) with the
prior written consent of each Multicurrency Lender, any other Foreign Currency, so long as, in respect of any such specified Foreign Currency or other Foreign Currency, at such time (a) such Foreign Currency is dealt with in the relevant market
for obtaining quotations, (b) such Foreign Currency is freely transferable and convertible into Dollars in the London foreign exchange market or the relevant local market, if applicable, and (c) no central bank or other governmental
authorization in the country of issue of such Foreign Currency (including, in the case of the Euro, any authorization by the European Central Bank) is required to permit use of such Foreign Currency by any Multicurrency Lender for making any
Revolving Loan hereunder and/or to permit the Borrower to borrow and repay the principal thereof and to pay the interest thereon, unless such authorization has been obtained and is in full force and effect. 

2 

Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to
this Agreement 

Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Prime
Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate for such day plus 1/2 of 1% and (c) the rate per annum equal to Term SOFR plus 1.00%; provided that if the Alternate Base Rate shall be less than 1.00%, such rate shall be deemed to be
1.00% for the purposes of this Agreement. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or Term SOFR (or successor therefor) as set forth above shall be effective from and including the
effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or Term SOFR (or successor therefor), respectively. If for any reason the Administrative Agent shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive absent
manifest error) that it is unable to ascertain the Federal Funds Effective Rate for any reason, including the inability or failure of the Administrative Agent to obtain a quotation in accordance with the terms thereof, the Alternate Base Rate shall
be determined without regard to clause (b) of the first sentence of this definition until the circumstances giving rise to such inability no longer exist. 

Anti-Corruption Laws means the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations
thereunder, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and any other applicable anti-corruption laws or regulations of any jurisdiction which are applicable to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 

Anti-Terrorism Law means any applicable law in force or hereinafter enacted related to terrorism, money laundering, or
economic sanctions, including the Bank Secrecy Act, 31 U.S.C. 5311 et seq., the PATRIOT Act, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1701, et seq., the Trading with the Enemy Act, 50 U.S.C. App. 1, et
seq., 18 U.S.C. 2332d, and 18 U.S.C. 2339B. 

Applicable Dollar Percentage means, with respect to any
Dollar Lender, the percentage of the total Dollar Commitments represented by such Dollar Lenders Dollar Commitment. If the Dollar Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Dollar Percentages shall be determined based upon the
Dollar Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments. 

Applicable Financial Statements means,
as of any date, the most-recent audited financial statements of the Borrower delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 4.01 or Section 5.01(a); provided that if immediately
prior to the delivery to the Administrative Agent of new audited financial statements of the Borrower a Material Adverse Effect (the Pre-existing MAE) shall exist (regardless of when it occurred), then the Applicable
Financial Statements as of said date means the Applicable Financial Statements in effect immediately prior to such delivery until such time as the Pre-existing MAE shall no longer exist. 

Applicable Margin means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan, 0.900% per annum; and (b) with respect to any Term
Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, 1.900% per annum. 

3 

Applicable Multicurrency Percentage means, with respect to any
Multicurrency Lender, the percentage of the total Multicurrency Commitments represented by such Multicurrency Lenders Multicurrency Commitment. If the Multicurrency Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Multicurrency
Percentages shall be determined based upon the Multicurrency Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments. 

Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, the fraction, expressed as a percentage, of the aggregate Term
Loans and total Revolving Commitments of such Lender, over the aggregate Term Loans and total Revolving Commitments of all Lenders. If the Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentage of such Lender shall be determined
based upon such Lenders then-current existing Credit Exposure. 

Applicable Revolving Percentage means, with
respect to any Revolving Lender, the fraction, expressed as a percentage of the total Revolving Commitments of such Lender over the aggregate Revolving Commitments of all Lenders. If the Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired, the
Applicable Revolving Percentage of such Lender shall be determined based on such Lenders then-current existing Revolving Credit Exposure. 

Applicable Time means, with respect to any Loans and payments in any Foreign Currency, the local time in the Principal
Financial Center for such Foreign Currency as may be reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. 

Approved
Dealer means (a) in the case of any investment that is not a U.S. Government Security, a bank or a broker-dealer registered under the Exchange Act, of nationally recognized standing or an Affiliate thereof, (b) in the case of a
U.S. Government Security, any primary dealer in U.S. Government Securities, and (c) in the case of any foreign investment, any foreign bank or broker-dealer of internationally recognized standing or an Affiliate thereof, in the case of each of
clauses (a), (b) and (c) above, either as set forth on Schedule 1.01(a) or any other bank or broker-dealer or Affiliate thereof acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its reasonable determination. 

Approved Pricing Service means a pricing or quotation service either: (a) as set forth in Schedule 1.01(a) or
(b) any other pricing or quotation service approved by the External Manager (so long as it has the necessary delegated authority) or the board of trustees (or appropriate committee thereof with the necessary delegated authority) of the Borrower
and designated in writing by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent (which designation, if approved by the board of trustees of the Borrower, shall be accompanied by a copy of a resolution of the board of trustees (or appropriate committee thereof
with the necessary delegated authority) of the Borrower that such pricing or quotation service has been approved by the Borrower). 

Approved Third-Party Appraiser means each of Houlihan Lokey, Inc., Kroll LLC, Murray, Devine & Company, Citrin
Cooperman, FTI Consulting, Inc., Lincoln International LLC, Valuation Research Corporation and Alvarez & Marsal and any other Independent nationally recognized third-party appraisal firm identified by the Borrower and consented to by the
Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned). 

4 

Asset Coverage Ratio means the ratio, determined on a consolidated basis
for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, without duplication, of (a) the value of total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities to (b) the aggregate amount of senior
securities representing indebtedness of Borrower and its Subsidiaries (including any Indebtedness outstanding under this Agreement), in each case as determined pursuant to the Investment Company Act and any orders of the SEC issued to or with
respect to Borrower thereunder, including any exemptive relief granted by the SEC with respect to the indebtedness of any SBIC Subsidiary. 

Assignment and Assumption means an Assignment and Assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of
any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereof (with adjustments thereto to reflect the Classes of
Commitments and/or Loans being assigned or outstanding at the time of the respective assignment) or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default under clause (a), (b), (i), (j)
or (k) of Article VII has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower. 

Assuming Lender has the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 2.08(e)(i). 

Availability Period means, with respect to any
Revolving Commitments, the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of (x) the Commitment Termination Date and (y) the date of termination of such Revolving Commitments. 

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark for any Currency, as
applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period
for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement, in each case,
as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.20(d). 

Back-to-Back Transaction means, a
transaction where (i) an Obligor originates or acquires an Investment, (ii) such Obligor immediately transfers in full or sells a participation interest in all or any portion of such Investment to an Excluded Asset, (iii) the purchase
price paid by such Excluded Asset to such Obligor in respect of such Investment (or participation interest therein) or any portion thereof is remitted by the Obligor to the underlying issuer thereof and represents the full purchase price payable by
such Obligor to the underlying issuer for such Investment (and the cash purchase price paid by such Excluded Asset equals the cash consideration paid by such Obligor to the underlying issuer) and (iv) the Borrowing Base immediately after giving
effect to such transaction is not less than the Borrowing Base immediately prior to such transaction; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt and for purposes of this Agreement, only the portion of any Investment that is transferred by an
Obligor to an Excluded Asset in accordance with clause (ii) above (subject to compliance with clauses (i), (ii) and (iv) of this definition), and not any other portion of such Investment, shall be deemed to have been subject to a Back-to-Back Transaction. 

5 

Bail-In Action means the exercise
of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country
implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the
United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

Bankruptcy Code means the United States Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. Section 101 et seq. 

Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning set forth in the definition of Term SOFR. 

Basel III means the agreements on capital requirements, leverage ratio and liquidity standards contained in Basel
III: A global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking systems, Basel III: International framework for liquidity risk measurement, standards and monitoring and Guidance for national authorities operating the
countercyclical capital buffer published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision on December 16, 2010, each as amended, supplemented or restated. 

Basel IV means any amendment, replacement or refinement of Basel III known as Basel IV. 

Benchmark means, initially, with respect to any Loans denominated in (a) Dollars, the Term SOFR Reference Rate,
(b) Canadian Dollars, the Term CORRA Reference Rate, (c) Sterling, the Daily Simple RFR, and (d) each other Agreed Foreign Currency, the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate for such Currency; provided that, if a Benchmark Transition
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate, the Term CORRA Reference Rate, the Daily Simple RFR or the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate for such Currency, as applicable, or the
then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement for such Currency to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (a) of
Section 2.20. 

Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event:

(1) where a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate, the sum of: (a) Daily Simple SOFR
and (b) 0.10%; 

6 

(2) where a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term CORRA Reference
Rate, the sum of: (a) Daily Compounded CORRA and (b) 0.32138% per annum; and 

(3) where a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with
respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the Term CORRA Reference Rate and the rate cannot be determined by the Administrative Agent pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above, as applicable, or where a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with
respect to a Benchmark other than the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the Term CORRA Reference Rate, the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the
then-current Benchmark for the applicable Currency giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any
evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Currency at such time and (b) the related Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment. 

If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1), (2) or (3) above would be less than the
Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark for a Currency with
an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement (excluding for the avoidance of doubt, Daily Simple SOFR), the spread adjustment, or method for
calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Currency giving due consideration to (i) any selection
or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body at such time or
(ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Currency in the U.S. syndicated loan market at such time. 

Benchmark Replacement Date means, (x) with respect to any Benchmark (other than the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the
Term CORRA Reference Rate), the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark and (y) with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the Term CORRA Reference Rate, a date and time determined by the
Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, which date shall be no later than the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: 

(1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of: 

7 

(a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein; and

(b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or
indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(2) in the case of clause
(3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the
administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the
most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 

For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2)
above with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any then-current Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the
following events with respect to such Benchmark: 

(1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator
of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely,
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof), including the Board, the NYFRB or the Bank of Canada, as applicable, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component thereof), a resolution authority
with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component thereof), in each case which
states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. 

8 

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have
occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any then-current Benchmark, the period (if any) (x)
beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in accordance with
Section 2.20 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in accordance with
Section 2.20. 

Beneficial Ownership Certification means, for a legal entity
customer (as such term is defined in the Beneficial Ownership Regulation), a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control to the extent required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of
ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of
the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan. 

Board means the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America (or any successor thereof). 

Borrower has the
meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Borrowing means (a) all Syndicated ABR Loans of
the same Class made, converted or continued on the same date, (b) all Term Benchmark Loans of the same Class denominated in the same Currency that have the same Interest Period, (c) all RFR Loans of the same Class, (d) a Pro-Rata Borrowing or (e) a Swingline Loan. 

Borrowing Base has the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 

Borrowing Base Certificate means a certificate of a
Financial Officer of the Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto (or such other form as shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and appropriately completed. 

Borrowing Base Deficiency means, at any date on which the same is determined, the amount, if any, that (a) the
aggregate Covered Debt Amount as of such date exceeds (b) the Borrowing Base as of such date. 

9 

Borrowing Request means a request by the Borrower for a Syndicated
Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03. 

Business Day means any day that is not a
Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided that (a) when used in relation to a Term Benchmark Loan or any interest rate settings, fundings,
disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Term Benchmark Loan, or any other dealings in the applicable Currency of such Term Benchmark Loan, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day that is not a Term Benchmark Banking
Day for such Currency and (b) when used in relation to RFR Loans or any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR Loan, or any other dealings in Sterling, the term Business Day shall
also exclude any day that is not an RFR Business Day. 

Calculation Amount means, as of the end of any Testing Period,
the greater of: (a) an amount equal to (i) 125% of the Covered Debt Amount (as of the end of such Testing Period) minus (ii) the sum of all Cash and Cash Equivalents and the aggregate Value of all Quoted Investments included in the
Borrowing Base (as of the end of such Testing Period) and (b) an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate Value of all Unquoted Investments included in the Borrowing Base (as of the end of such Testing Period); provided, however, in no event
shall more than 25% (or, if clause (b) applies, 10%, or as near thereto as reasonably practicable) of the aggregate Value of the Unquoted Investments in the Borrowing Base be tested in respect of any applicable Testing Period. 

Canadian Dollars means the lawful currency of Canada. 

Canadian Prime Rate means, on any day, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the higher of (i) the
rate equal to the PRIMCAN Index rate that appears on the Bloomberg screen at 10:15 a.m. Toronto time on such day (or, in the event that the PRIMCAN Index is not published by Bloomberg, any other information services that publishes such index from
time to time, as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) and (ii) the rate per annum equal to Term CORRA plus 1% per annum; provided, that if any of the above rates shall be less than the Floor, such rate shall be
deemed to be the Floor for purposes of this Agreement. Any change in the Canadian Prime Rate due to a change in the PRIMCAN Index or Term CORRA shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the PRIMCAN Index or Term
CORRA, respectively. 

Capital Call Facility means any debt facility of the Borrower secured to the extent permitted
under Section 6.02(i), including the facility established by that certain Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2024, by and among the Borrower, the other borrowers from time to time party thereto, the
other general partners from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Socit Gnrale, as the administrative agent, the letter of credit issuer, a lender, and the sole lead arranger (or
any amendment, extension, renewal or replacement thereof secured to the extent not prohibited under Section 6.02(i)). 

Capital Lease Obligations of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease
of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases or finance leases on a balance sheet of such Person
under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 

10 

Capital Stock of any Person means any and all shares of corporate stock
(however designated) of, and any and all other Equity Interests and participations representing ownership interests (including membership interests and limited liability company interests) in, such Person. 

Cash means any immediately available funds in Dollars or in any currency other than Dollars (measured in terms of the
Dollar Equivalent thereof) which is a freely convertible currency. 

Cash Collateralize means, in respect of a Letter of
Credit or any obligation hereunder, to provide and pledge cash collateral pursuant to Section 2.05(k), at a location and pursuant to documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent
and each Issuing Bank. Cash Collateral and Cash Collateralization shall have meanings correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. 

Cash Equivalents means investments (other than Cash) that are one or more of the following obligations: 

(a) investments in commercial paper or other short-term corporate obligations maturing within 270 days from the date of
acquisition thereof and having, at such date of acquisition, a credit rating of at least A-1 from S&P and at least P-1 from Moodys (or
if only one of S&P or Moodys provides such rating, such investment shall also have an equivalent credit rating from any other rating agency); 

(b) U.S. Government Securities maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof; 

(c) investments in certificates of deposit, bankers acceptances and time deposits maturing within 180 days from the date
of acquisition thereof (i) issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any domestic office of any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof
or under the laws of the jurisdiction of any Agreed Foreign Currency or any constituent jurisdiction thereof; provided that such certificates of deposit, bankers acceptances and time deposits are held in a securities account (as defined
in the Uniform Commercial Code) through which the Collateral Agent can perfect a security interest therein and (ii) having, at such date of acquisition, a credit rating of at least A-1 from S&P and at
least P-1 from Moodys (or if only one of S&P or Moodys provides such rating, such investment shall also have an equivalent credit rating from any other rating agency); 

(d) fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than thirty (30) days from the date of acquisition
thereof for U.S. Government Securities and entered into with (i) a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) of this definition or (ii) an Approved Dealer having (or being a member of a consolidated
group having) at such date of acquisition, a credit rating of at least A-1 from S&P and at least P-1 from Moodys (or if only one of S&P or Moodys
provides such rating, such Approved Dealer shall also have an equivalent credit rating from any other rating agency); 

11 

(e) investments in money market funds that invest primarily in investments
of the type described in the immediately preceding clauses (a) through (d) above (including as to credit quality and maturity); 

(f) a guaranteed reinvestment agreement issued by any bank (if treated as a deposit by such bank), or a reinvestment agreement
issued by any insurance company or other corporation or entity, in each case, at the date of such acquisition having a credit rating of at least A-1 from S&P and at least
P-1 from Moodys (or if only one of S&P or Moodys provides such rating, such investment shall also have an equivalent credit rating from any other rating agency); provided that such
reinvestment agreement may be unwound at the option of the Borrower at any time without penalty; 

(g) money market funds
that have, at all times, credit ratings of Aaa and MR1+ by Moodys and AAAm or Aam-G by S&P, respectively; and 

(h) any of the following offered by the Custodian (or any successor custodian or other entity acting in a similar capacity with
respect to the Borrower): (i) money market deposit accounts, (ii) Eurodollar time deposits, (iii) commercial Eurodollar sweep services or (iv) open commercial paper services, in each case having, at such date of acquisition, a credit
rating of at least A-1 from S&P and at least P-1 from Moodys (or if only one of S&P or Moodys provides such rating, such investment shall also have
an equivalent credit rating from any other rating agency) and maturing not later than 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof; 

provided that (i) in no event shall Cash Equivalents include any obligation that provides for the payment of
interest alone (for example, interest-only securities or IOs); (ii) if any of Moodys or S&P changes its rating system, then any ratings included in this definition shall be deemed to be an equivalent rating in a successor
rating category of Moodys or S&P, as the case may be; (iii) Cash Equivalents (other than U.S. Government Securities, certificates of deposit or repurchase agreements) shall not include any such investment of more than 10% of total
assets of the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors in any single issuer; and (iv) in no event shall Cash Equivalents include any obligation that is not denominated in Dollars or an Agreed Foreign Currency. 

Central Bank Rate means the greater of (A) the sum of (i) for any Loan denominated in (x) Sterling, the Bank
of England (or any successor thereto)s Bank Rate as published by the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (y) Euro, one of the following three rates as may be selected by the Administrative Agent in
its reasonable discretion: (1) the fixed rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), or, if that rate is not published, the minimum bid rate for the main refinancing operations of the
European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), each as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (2) the rate for the marginal lending facility of the European Central Bank (or any successor
thereto), as published by 

12 

the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time or (3) the rate for the deposit facility of the central banking system of the Participating Member States, as published
by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time or (z) any other Agreed Foreign Currency, a central bank rate as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion; plus (ii) the applicable
Central Bank Rate Adjustment and (B) the Floor. 

Central Bank Rate Adjustment means , for any date, for any Loan
denominated in (A) Sterling, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the Daily Simple RFR for Sterling for the five (5) most recent RFR Business Days preceding such day
for which SONIA was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest Daily Simple RFR applicable during such period of five (5) RFR Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Sterling in effect on
the last RFR Business Day in such period, (B) Euro, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the EURIBOR Screen Rate for the five (5) most recent Term Benchmark Banking
Days for Euro preceding such day for which the EURIBOR Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest EURIBOR Screen Rate applicable during such period of five (5) Term Benchmark Banking Days for Euro)
minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Euro in effect on the last Term Benchmark Banking Day for Euro in such period and (C) any other Agreed Foreign Currency, a Central Bank Rate Adjustment as determined by the Administrative
Agent in its reasonable discretion. For the purposes of this definition, (x) the term Central Bank Rate shall be determined disregarding clause (a)(ii) of the definition of such term and (y) each of the EURIBOR Screen Rate
on any day shall be based on the EURIBOR Screen Rate, on such day at approximately the time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in the applicable Foreign Currency for a maturity of one month. 

Change in Control means the Borrower shall cease to be managed by the External Manager or an Affiliate thereof that is
organized under the laws of a jurisdiction located in the United States of America and is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and in the business of managing or advising clients. 

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement (or with respect to a Person becoming a Lender by
assignment or joinder after the date of this Agreement, the effective date thereof), of (a) the adoption of any law, treaty or governmental rule or regulation or any change in any law, treaty or governmental rule or regulation or in the
interpretation, administration or application thereof (regardless of whether the underlying law, treaty or governmental rule or regulation was issued or enacted prior to the date hereof (or with respect to a Person becoming a Lender by assignment or
joinder after the date of this Agreement, the effective date thereof)), but excluding proposals thereof, or any determination of a court or Governmental Authority, (b) any guideline, request or directive by any Governmental Authority (whether
or not having the force of law) or any implementation rules or interpretations of previously issued guidelines, requests or directives, in each case that is issued or made after the date hereof (or with respect to a Person becoming a Lender by
assignment or joinder after the date of this Agreement, the effective date thereof) or (c) compliance by any Lender (or its applicable lending office) or any company Controlling such Lender with any guideline, request or directive regarding
capital adequacy or liquidity (whether or not having the force of law) of any such Governmental Authority, in each case adopted after the date hereof (or with respect to a Person becoming a Lender by assignment or joinder after the date of this
Agreement, the effective date thereof). For 

13 

the avoidance of doubt, all requests, rules, guidelines or directives concerning liquidity and capital adequacy issued (i) by any United States regulatory authority under or in connection
with the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and (ii) by any Governmental Authority in connection with the implementation of the recommendations of the Bank for International Settlements or the Basel
Committee on Banking Regulations and Supervisory Practices (or any successor or similar authority), in each case pursuant to Basel III or Basel IV, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date adopted,
issued, promulgated or implemented. 

Class, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such
Loan, or the Loans constituting such Borrowing, are Syndicated Loans or Swingline Loans and (i) in the case of a Syndicated Loan, whether such Loan is, or the Loans constituting such Borrowing are, Term Loans or Revolving Loans and,
(ii) in the case of a Term Loan, each Incremental Term Loan funded on a different Commitment Increase Date may be treated as its own Class, and (iii) in the case of a Revolving Loan, whether such Loan is, or the Loans constituting such
Borrowing are, Dollar Loans or Multicurrency Loans; when used in reference to any Lender, refers to whether such Lender is a Term Lender or a Revolving Lender and, (x) in the case of any Term Lender, each Incremental Term Lender funding
Incremental Term Loans on a different Commitment Increase Date may be treated as its own Class, and (y) in the case of any Revolving Lender, whether such Lender is a Dollar Lender or a Multicurrency Lender; and, when used in reference to any
Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is a Term Commitment or Revolving Commitment and, (1) in the case of any Term Commitment, each Incremental Term Commitment with respect to Incremental Term Loans funded on a different Commitment
Increase Date may be treated as its own Class, and (2) in the case of any Revolving Commitment, whether such Commitment is a Dollar Commitment or a Multicurrency Commitment. The Class of a Letter of Credit refers to whether such
Letter of Credit is a Dollar Letter of Credit or a Multicurrency Letter of Credit. 

CLO Securities means debt
securities, mezzanine securities, equity securities, residual interests or composite or combination securities (i.e. securities consisting of a combination of debt and equity securities that are issued in effect as a unit) including synthetic
securities that provide synthetic credit exposure to debt securities, mezzanine securities, equity securities, residual interests or composite or combination securities (or other investments, including any interests held to comply with applicable
risk retention requirements, that similarly represent an investment in underlying pools of leveraged portfolios), that, in each case, entitle the holders thereof to receive payments that (i) depend on the cash flow from a portfolio consisting
primarily of ownership interests in debt securities, corporate loans or asset-backed securities or (ii) are subject to losses owing to credit events (howsoever defined) under credit derivative transactions with respect to debt securities,
corporate loans or asset-backed securities. 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to
time. 

Collateral has the meaning assigned to such term in the Guarantee and Security Agreement. 

14 

Collateral Agent means Natixis in its capacity as Collateral Agent for
the Secured Parties under the Guarantee and Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and includes any successor Collateral Agent thereunder. 

Collateral Pool means, at any time, each Portfolio Investment that has been Delivered (as defined in the Guarantee and
Security Agreement) to the Collateral Agent and is subject to the Lien of the Guarantee and Security Agreement, and then only for so long as such Portfolio Investment continues to be Delivered as contemplated therein and in which the Collateral
Agent has a first-priority perfected Lien as security for the Secured Obligations (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) (subject to Permitted Liens); provided that in the case of any Portfolio Investment in which the Collateral
Agent has a first-priority perfected (other than customary rights of setoff, bankers lien, security interest or other like right upon deposit accounts and securities accounts in which such Portfolio Investments are held) security interest
pursuant to a valid Uniform Commercial Code filing, such Portfolio Investment may be included in the Collateral Pool so long as all remaining actions to complete Delivery are satisfied in full within 7 days of such inclusion or such
longer period up to sixty (60) days as the Collateral Agent may agree in its sole discretion. 

Combined Debt
Amount means, as of any date, (i) the aggregate Commitments as of such date (or, if greater, the Revolving Credit Exposures of all Lenders as of such date) plus (ii) the aggregate amount of outstanding Designated Indebtedness (as
such term is defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) and, without duplication, the aggregate amount of unused and available commitments under any Designated Indebtedness (as such term is defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement).

Commitment Increase has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.08(e)(i). 

Commitment Increase Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.08(e)(i). 

Commitment Increase Supplement has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.08(e)(ii). 

Commitment Termination Date means December 20, 2028. 

Commitments means, collectively, the Term Commitments and the Revolving Commitments. 

Competitor means (a) any Person primarily engaged in the business of private asset management as a business
development company, mezzanine fund, private debt fund, private credit fund, hedge fund, distressed asset fund, vulture fund, private equity fund or any venture lender, which is in direct or indirect competition with the Borrower or any Affiliate
thereof, (b) those Persons listed in a Disqualified Assignees and Participants Side Letter, if applicable, (c) any Person Controlled by, or Controlling, or under common Control with, a Person referred to in clause (a) or (b) above, or
(d) any Person for which a Person referred to in clause (a) or (b) above serves as an investment advisor with discretionary investment authority. 

15 

Concurrent Transactions means, with respect to any proposed action or
transaction hereunder, (a) any acquisition or sale of Portfolio Investments or other property or assets, (b) any payment of any outstanding Loan, Cash Collateralization of Letters of Credit, or payment of other Indebtedness that is
included in the Covered Debt Amount, (c) any Return of Capital or other distribution or receipt of cash from any Investment, (d) any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof, (e) any sale of Equity Interests of the
Borrower, and (f) any pro forma adjustments related to any of the actions or transactions described in the foregoing clauses (a) through (e), in each case, (x) that occurs substantially simultaneously with and in any event within 24
hours of such proposed action or transaction and (y) is evidenced by a current Borrowing Base Certificate delivered by the Borrower. 

Conforming Changes means with respect to the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement,
any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Term Benchmark Rate, the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Canadian Prime Rate, the definition of
Business Day, the definition of Term Benchmark Banking Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Daily Simple RFR, the definition of Interest Period,
the definition of RFR, the definition of RFR Business Day, the definition of RFR Interest Day, the definition of RFR Reference Day, the definition of or any similar or analogous definition, timing and
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 2.15 and other
technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent (after consultation with the Borrower) decides in its reasonable discretion may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit
the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible
or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent (after consultation with the Borrower) decides is reasonably
necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 

Contingent Borrowing Base
Deficiency means, at any time that any Contingent Secured Indebtedness is outstanding, if the inclusion of all such Contingent Secured Indebtedness and the Portfolio Investments subject to the underlying repurchase transactions in the
Covered Debt Amount and the Borrowing Base, respectively, would result in a Borrowing Base Deficiency. 

Contingent Secured
Indebtedness means, on any date, Indebtedness of an Obligor (which may be guaranteed by one or more other Obligors) that (a) is incurred pursuant to one or more repurchase arrangements, (b) has a maturity at issuance of no more
than 180 days (or, in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, 180 days after the then-current expiration date of such Contingent Secured Indebtedness) and (c) is not secured by any Collateral (other than by (x) any Portfolio
Investment to the extent otherwise permitted to be transferred to an Excluded Asset hereunder, (y) the participation interest such Obligor sells or purports to sell in the underlying asset for such repurchase agreement(s) and such underlying
asset or (z) any note or security issued by a Subsidiary of an Obligor that such Obligor sells or purports to sell, which economically represents the underlying asset for such repurchase agreement(s)). 

16 

Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to
direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative
thereto. For the avoidance of doubt, Control shall not include negative control or blocking rights that constitute protective rights whereby action cannot be taken without the vote or consent of any
Person. 

Controlled Foreign Corporation means any Subsidiary which is (i) a controlled foreign
corporation (within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code), (ii) a Subsidiary substantially all the assets of which consist (directly or indirectly through one or more flow-through entities) of Equity Interests and/or indebtedness
treated as Equity Interests for U.S. federal income tax purposes of one or more Subsidiaries described in clause (i) of this definition, or (iii) an entity treated as disregarded for United States federal income tax purposes and
substantially all of the assets of which consist (directly or indirectly through one or more flow-through entities) of the Equity Interests and/or indebtedness treated as Equity Interests for United States federal income tax purposes of one or more
Subsidiaries described in clause (i) or (ii) of this definition. 

CORRA means the Canadian Overnight Repo
Rate Average administered and published by the Bank of Canada (or any successor administrator of the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average). 

Covered Debt Amount means, on any date, the sum (without duplication) of (x) all of the Credit Exposures of all
Lenders on such date plus (y) the aggregate amount of Other Covered Indebtedness, Special Unsecured Indebtedness, Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness and secured Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(o) on such
date minus (z) the LC Exposure fully Cash Collateralized on such date pursuant to Section 2.05(k) and the last paragraph of Section 2.09(a); provided that (A) Special Unsecured
Indebtedness and Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness shall be excluded from the calculation of the Covered Debt Amount, in each case, until the date that is nine (9) months prior to the scheduled maturity date of such Indebtedness and (B) 50% of
outstanding Unsecured Shorter-Term Indebtedness shall be excluded from the calculation of the Covered Debt Amount until the date that is 9 months prior to the scheduled maturity of such Unsecured Shorter-Term Indebtedness (provided that, to
the extent, but only to the extent, any portion of any such Indebtedness is subject to a contractually scheduled amortization payment or other principal payment or mandatory redemption (it being understood that none of (w) the conversion
features into Permitted Equity Interests under Permitted Convertible Indebtedness or (x) triggering of such conversion and/or settlement thereof solely with Permitted Equity Interests, except in the case of interest expense or fractional shares
(which may be payable in cash), shall constitute amortization for purposes of this clause) earlier than six (6) months after the Final Maturity Date (in the case of Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness) or earlier than the original
final maturity date of such Indebtedness (in the case of Special Unsecured Indebtedness or Unsecured Shorter-Term Indebtedness), such portion of such Indebtedness shall be included in the calculation of the Covered Debt Amount beginning upon the
date that is the later of (i) nine (9) months prior to such scheduled amortization payment or other scheduled principal payment or scheduled mandatory redemption and (ii) the date the Borrower becomes aware that such Indebtedness is
required to be paid or redeemed). For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of calculating the Covered Debt Amount, (x) any convertible securities that constitute Indebtedness that is required to be included in the Covered Debt
Amount will be included at the then outstanding principal balance thereof and in no event shall any Capital Call Facility be included in the Covered Debt Amount and (y) in no event shall any Contingent Secured Indebtedness be included in
the Covered Debt Amount other than for purposes of determining whether a Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency has occurred or is continuing. 

17 

Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of
the outstanding principal amount of such Lenders Term Loans plus such Lenders Revolving Credit Exposure at such time. 

Currency means Dollars or any Foreign Currency. 

Custodian means U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, or any other financial institution mutually agreeable to the
Collateral Agent and the Borrower, as custodian holding documentation for Portfolio Investments, and accounts of the Borrower and/or other Obligors holding Portfolio Investments, on behalf of the Borrower and/or such other Obligors or any successor
in such capacity pursuant to a Custodian Agreement. The term Custodian includes any agent or sub-custodian acting on behalf of the Custodian. 

Custodian Agreement means (a) that certain Custody Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2024, by and between the
Borrower and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association and (b) any other custodian agreement by and among the applicable Obligor, the Custodian and any other parties from time to time party thereto in form and substance substantially
similar to the Custodian Agreement described in clause (a) or otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent. 

Daily Compounded CORRA means, for any day, CORRA with interest accruing on a compounded daily basis, with the methodology
and conventions for this rate (which will include compounding in arrears with a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the methodology and conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant
Governmental Body for determining compounded CORRA for business loans; provided that if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may (in
consultation with the Borrower) establish another convention in its reasonable discretion; and provided that if the administrator has not provided or published CORRA and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to CORRA has not occurred, then, in
respect of any day for which CORRA is required, references to CORRA will be deemed to be references to the last provided or published CORRA. Any change in Daily Compounded CORRA due to a change in CORRA shall be effective from and including the
effective date of such change in CORRA without notice to the Borrower. 

Daily Simple RFR means, for any day (an
RFR Interest Day), an interest rate per annum equal to the greater of (i) SONIA for the day (the RFR Reference Day) that is five (5) RFR Business Days prior to (A) if such RFR Interest Day is a
RFR Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (B) if such RFR Interest Day is not a RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day, in each case plus the applicable RFR Applicable Credit Adjustment Spread, and
(ii) 0.00%. If by 5:00 p.m., (London time), on the second RFR Business Day immediately following any RFR Reference Day, SONIA in respect of such RFR Reference Day has not been published on the SONIA Administrators Website and a Benchmark

18 

Replacement Date with respect to the Daily Simple RFR has not occurred, then SONIA for such RFR Reference Day will be SONIA as published in respect of the first preceding RFR Business Day for
which SONIA was published on the SONIA Administrators Website; provided that SONIA as determined pursuant to this sentence shall be utilized for purposes of calculating the Daily Simple RFR for no more than three consecutive RFR Interest Days.
Any change in Daily Simple RFR due to a change in SONIA shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SONIA without notice to the Borrower. 

Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being
established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for syndicated business loans; provided,
that if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion (in consultation with
the Borrower). 

Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse
of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 

Defaulting Lender means, subject to
Section 2.19(b), any Lender that, as determined by the Administrative Agent, (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans or participations in Letters of Credit within two Business Days of the date
such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lenders reasonable determination that one or more conditions precedent to
funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with the applicable default, if any, shall be specifically identified in detail in such writing) has not been satisfied or has not otherwise been waived in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Swingline Lender or any Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit) within two Business
Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Swingline Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to
that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lenders obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lenders commercially reasonable determination that a condition precedent to
funding (which condition precedent, together with the applicable default, if any, shall be specifically identified in detail in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after written
request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting
Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower) or (d) the Administrative Agent has received notification that such Lender has become, or has a direct or
indirect parent company that is, (i) insolvent, or is generally unable to pay its debts as they become due, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due, or makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors,
(ii) other than via an Undisclosed Administration, the subject of a bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation or similar proceeding, or a receiver, trustee, 

19 

conservator, intervenor or sequestrator or the like has been appointed for such Lender or its direct or indirect parent company, or such Lender or its direct or indirect parent company has taken
any action in furtherance of or indicating its consent to or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment, or (iii) the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a
Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality so long as such ownership interest does not
result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority or
instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses
(a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.19(b)) upon such determination (and the
Administrative Agent shall deliver written notice of such determination to the Borrower, each Issuing Bank and each Lender and each Swingline Lender). 

Designated Obligations means all obligations of the Borrower with respect to (a) principal of and interest on the
Loans and (b) accrued and unpaid fees under the Loan Documents. 

Disposition or Dispose means
the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction) of any property by any Person (or the granting of any option or other right to do any of the foregoing), including any sale, assignment, transfer
or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith; provided that the term Disposition or Dispose shall not include the disposition of
Investments originated by the Borrower and immediately transferred to a Financing Subsidiary pursuant to a transaction not prohibited hereunder or any disposition of a Portfolio Investment received from an Excluded Asset and promptly transferred to
another Excluded Asset or any Back-to-Back Transaction pursuant to the terms of Section 6.03(h). 

Disqualified Assignees and Participants Side Letter means, if applicable, that certain Side Letter, between the Borrower
and the Administrative Agent (as amended, restated, modified or otherwise supplemented from time to time with the consent of the Administrative Agent). The Administrative Agent agrees to promptly provide each Lender with (a) any Disqualified
Assignees and Participants Side Letter then in effect upon the request of such Lender and (b) any amendments, modifications or other updates to the Disqualified Assignees and Participants Side Letter. 

Disqualified Equity Interests means any Equity Interest of the Borrower that is not a Permitted Equity Interest. 

Dollar Commitment means, with respect to each Dollar Lender, the commitment of such Dollar Lender to make Revolving Loans,
and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit, denominated in Dollars hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate amount of such Lenders Revolving Dollar Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be
(a) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.08 and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04.
The initial amount of each Lenders Dollar Commitment is set forth on Schedule 1.01(b), or in the Commitment Increase Supplement or Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Dollar
Commitment, as applicable. The aggregate amount of the Lenders Dollar Commitments as of the Effective Date is $0. 

20 

Dollar Equivalent means, on any date of determination, with respect to an
amount denominated in any Foreign Currency, the amount of Dollars that would be required to purchase such amount of such Foreign Currency on the date two Business Days prior to such date, based upon the spot selling rate at which the Administrative
Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank, as applicable, offers to sell such Foreign Currency for Dollars in the Principal Financial Center for such Foreign Currency at approximately 11:00 a.m., Applicable Time, for delivery two Business Days
later; provided that the Administrative Agent or such Issuing Bank, as applicable, may obtain such spot rate from another financial institution designated by the Administrative Agent or such Issuing Bank if the Person acting in such capacity
does not have as of the date of determination a spot buying rate for any such currency; providedfurther that such Issuing Bank may use such spot rate quoted on the date as of which the foreign exchange computation is made in the case
of any Letters of Credit denominated in any Agreed Foreign Currency. 

Dollar LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of
(a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Dollar Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements in respect of such Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf
of the Borrower at such time. The Dollar LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Dollar Percentage of the total Dollar LC Exposure at such time. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Dollar
Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the International Standby Practices, such Dollar Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the
amount so remaining available to be drawn. 

Dollar Lender means the Persons listed on
Schedule 1.01(b) as having Dollar Commitments and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to a Commitment Increase Supplement or Assignment and Assumption that provides for it to assume a Dollar
Commitment or to acquire Revolving Dollar Credit Exposure, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. 

Dollar Letters of Credit means Letters of Credit that utilize the Dollar Commitments. 

Dollar Loan means a Revolving Loan denominated in Dollars. 

Dollars or $ refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 

EBITDA means the consolidated net income of the applicable Person (excluding extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring gains and extraordinary losses (to the extent excluded in the definition of EBITDA (or similar defined term used for the purposes contemplated herein) in the relevant agreement relating to
the applicable Portfolio Investment)) for the relevant period plus, without duplication, the following to the extent deducted in calculating such consolidated net income in the relevant agreement relating to the applicable Portfolio Investment for
such period: 

21 

(i) consolidated interest charges for such period, (ii) the provision for federal, state, local and foreign income taxes payable for such period, (iii) depreciation and amortization
expense for such period, and (iv) such other adjustments included in the definition of EBITDA (or similar defined term used for the purposes contemplated herein) in the relevant agreement relating to the applicable Portfolio
Investment, provided that such adjustments are usual and customary and substantially comparable to market terms for substantially similar debt of other similarly situated borrowers at the time such relevant agreements are entered into as reasonably
determined in good faith by the Borrower. Notwithstanding the foregoing, EBITDA may be calculated by the Borrower in good faith using information from and calculations consistent with the relevant financial models, pro forma financial statements,
compliance statements and financial reporting packages provided by the relevant issuer as per the requirements of the relevant agreement governing a Portfolio Investment. 

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country
which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution
established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clause (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative
authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Effective Date means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or
waived in accordance with Section 9.02). 

Equity Interests means shares of capital stock,
partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests or equivalents (however designated, including any instrument treated as equity for U.S. federal income
tax purposes) in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any such equity interest. 

ERISA means the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
each as amended or modified from time to time. 

ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not
incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code, or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single
employer under Section 414(m) or (o) of the Code. 

22 

ERISA Event means (a) any reportable event, as defined
in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived); (b) any failure by any Plan to satisfy the minimum
funding standards (within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA) applicable to such Plan; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a
waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan, other than for the payment
of plan contributions or PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA; (e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any
Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; or (f) the imposition of Withdrawal Liability on the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or the receipt of any notice by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of the insolvency, within the
meaning of Title IV of ERISA, of any Multiemployer Plan to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is obligated to contribute. 

Erroneous Payment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.09(a). 

Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.09(d). 

Erroneous Payment Impacted Class has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.09(d). 

Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.09(d). 

Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.09(d). 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU
Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 

EURIBOR Screen Rate has the meaning set forth in the definition of Term Benchmark Rate. 

Euro means the lawful currency of the Participating Member States. 

Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VII. 

Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Excluded Assets means the entities identified as Excluded Assets in Schedule 1.01(d) hereto, any Permitted CLO Issuer, CLO
Securities and finance lease obligations, SPE Subsidiaries, and any similar assets or entities, in each case, in which any Obligor holds an interest on or after the Effective Date, and, in each case, their respective Subsidiaries, unless, in the
case of any such asset or entity, the Borrower designates in writing to the Collateral Agent that such asset or entity is not an Excluded Asset. 

23 

Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes, with respect to the
Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder, (a) Taxes imposed on (or measured by) such recipients net income (however
denominated), franchise Taxes and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office
located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, any Taxes that are U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or
for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than an assignee pursuant to
a request by the Borrower under Section 2.18(b)) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.16, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such
Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with Section 2.16(f) and
(d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes that are imposed under FATCA. 

External Manager means AGL US DL Management
LLC. 

Extraordinary Receipts means any cash received by or paid to any Obligor on account of any foreign, United
States, state or local tax refunds, pension plan reversions, judgments, proceeds of settlements or other consideration of any kind in connection with any cause of action, condemnation awards (and payments in lieu thereof), indemnity payments
received not in the ordinary course of business and any purchase price adjustment received not in the ordinary course of business in connection with any purchase agreement and proceeds of insurance (excluding, however, for the avoidance of doubt,
proceeds of any issuance of Equity Interests and issuances of Indebtedness by any Obligor); provided that Extraordinary Receipts shall not include any (x) amounts that the Borrower receives from the Administrative Agent or any Lender
pursuant to Section 2.16(h), or (y) cash receipts to the extent received from proceeds of insurance, condemnation awards (or payments in lieu thereof), indemnity payments or payments in respect of judgments or
settlements of claims, litigation or proceedings to the extent that such proceeds, awards or payments are received by any Person in respect of any unaffiliated third party claim against or loss by such Person and promptly applied to pay (or to
reimburse such Person for its prior payment of) such claim or loss and the costs and expenses of such Person with respect thereto. 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version
that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or
regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. 

FCA means the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom. 

24 

Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by
the NYFRB, based on such days federal funds transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as the NYFRB shall set forth on its public website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the
NYFRB as the federal funds effective rate, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) of the quotations for such day for such transactions
received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it; provided that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this
Agreement. 

Fee Letter means that certain fee letter, dated December 20, 2024, among the Borrower and Natixis, as
a Joint Lead Arranger and Administrative Agent. 

Final Maturity Date means December 20, 2029. 

Financial Officer means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, principal accounting officer,
chief accounting officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer, controller or assistant controller of the Borrower, or one of their respective designees. 

Financing Subsidiary means an SPE Subsidiary or an SBIC Subsidiary. 

Floor means zero percent (0.00%). 

Foreign Currency means at any time any currency other than Dollars. 

Foreign Currency Equivalent means, with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the amount of any Foreign Currency
that could be purchased with such amount of Dollars using the reciprocal of the foreign exchange rate(s) specified in the definition of Dollar Equivalent, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. 

Foreign Lender means any Lender that is not a United States Person. 

Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is a Controlled Foreign Corporation. 

Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, with respect to any Issuing Bank, such Defaulting
Lenders (a) Applicable Dollar Percentage of the outstanding Dollar LC Exposure and (b) Applicable Multicurrency Percentage of the outstanding Multicurrency LC Exposure, in each case with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such
Issuing Bank other than Dollar LC Exposure or Multicurrency LC Exposure, as the case may be, as to which such Defaulting Lenders participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms
hereof. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 

25 

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of
America, or of any other nation, or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing,
regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government, including any supra-national body exercising such powers or functions (such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 

Gross Borrowing Base means, as of any date of determination, the Borrowing Base as of such date without giving effect to
any adjustment to the Borrowing Base pursuant to Section 5.13(f). 

Guarantee of or by any
Person (the guarantor) means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the primary
obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or
other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or
other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other
obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation; and Guaranteed has a meaning correlative thereto; provided that the term
Guarantee shall not include (i) endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business or (ii) customary indemnification agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business, provided that such indemnification
obligations are unsecured, such Person has determined that any liability thereunder is remote and such indemnification obligations are not the functional equivalent of the guaranty of a payment obligation of the primary obligor. The amount of any
Guarantee at any time shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the maximum stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Guarantee is incurred, unless the terms of such Guarantee expressly provide that the maximum
amount for which such Person may be liable thereunder is a lesser amount (in which case the amount of such Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to such lesser amount). 

Guarantee and Security Agreement means that certain Guarantee and Security Agreement dated as of the date hereof among the
Borrower, the Administrative Agent, each Subsidiary of the Borrower from time to time party thereto, each holder (or an authorized agent, representative or trustee therefor) from time to time of any Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness or Secured
Shorter-Term Indebtedness, and the Collateral Agent. 

Guarantee Assumption Agreement means a Guarantee Assumption
Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit B to the Guarantee and Security Agreement (or such other form as shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent) between the Collateral Agent and an entity that pursuant to
Section 5.08 is required to become a Subsidiary Guarantor under the Guarantee and Security Agreement (with such changes as the Administrative Agent shall request consistent with the requirements of
Section 5.08). 

26 

Hedging Agreement means any interest rate protection agreement, total
return swap, foreign currency exchange protection agreement, commodity price protection agreement or other interest or currency exchange rate or commodity price hedging arrangement. 

Immaterial Subsidiaries means those Subsidiaries of the Borrower that are designated as Immaterial Subsidiaries
by the Borrower from time to time (it being understood that the Borrower may at any time change any such designation); provided that such designated Immaterial Subsidiaries shall collectively meet all of the following criteria as of the date
of the most recent statement of assets and liabilities required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01: (a) the aggregate assets of such Subsidiaries and their respective Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) as of such
date do not exceed an amount equal to 5% of the consolidated assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such date; and (b) the aggregate revenues of such Subsidiaries and their respective Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) for the
fiscal quarter ending on such date do not exceed an amount equal to 5% of the consolidated revenues of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period; provided, further, that the designation of any Subsidiary as an Immaterial
Subsidiary and any change of any such designation may be made by the Borrower in any Borrowing Base Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(d) or through the delivery of a certificate of a Financial Officer to
the Administrative Agent to such effect at any time. 

Increasing Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.08(e). 

Incremental Term Commitment means as to each Incremental Term Lender, the
obligation of such Lender to make, on and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, an Incremental Term Loan to the Borrower in Dollars pursuant to Section 2.08(e)(ii)(C) in an aggregate principal amount up to but not
exceeding the amount set forth in the applicable Commitment Increase Supplement. The initial amount of each Lenders Incremental Term Commitment shall be set forth in the applicable Commitment Increase Supplement. 

Incremental Term Lender means each Lender having an Incremental Term Commitment or, as the case may be, an outstanding
Incremental Term Loan. 

Incremental Term Loans means any term loans made by Incremental Term Lenders to the Borrower
pursuant to Section 2.08(e)(ii)(C). 

Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication,
(a) (i) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money or (ii) with respect to deposits or advances of any kind that are required to be to accounted for under GAAP as a liability on the financial statements of such Person (other than
deposits received in connection with a portfolio investment (including Portfolio Investments) of such Person in the ordinary course of such Persons business (including, but not limited to, any deposits or advances in connection with expense
reimbursement, prepaid agency fees, other fees, indemnification, work fees, tax distributions or purchase price adjustments)), (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments representing
extensions of credit, (c) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person (excluding accounts payable and accrued expenses and trade accounts incurred in the
ordinary course of business), (d) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding accounts payable and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business),

27 

(e) all Indebtedness of others secured by any Lien (other than a Lien permitted by Section 6.02(d)) on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured
thereby has been assumed (with the amount of such Indebtedness being the lower of the outstanding amount of such Indebtedness and the fair market value of the property subject to such Lien), (f) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of
others, (g) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (h) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty, (i) all obligations, contingent or
otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances, and (j) all Disqualified Equity Interests. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a
general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Persons ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not
liable therefor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Indebtedness shall not include (i) any revolving commitments, delayed draw term loans or letters of credit for which any Obligor is acting as a lender or issuing lender, as applicable,
as part of or in connection with a Portfolio Investment, (ii) any non-recourse liabilities for participations sold by any Person in any Bank Loans, (iii) indebtedness of such Person on account of the
sale by such Person of the first out tranche of any First Lien Bank Loan that arises solely as an accounting matter under ASC 860, (iv) escrows or purchase price holdbacks arising in the ordinary course of business in respect of a portion of the
purchase price of an asset or Investment to satisfy unperformed obligations of the seller of such asset or Investment, (v) a commitment arising in the ordinary course of business to make a future Investment or fund the delayed draw or unfunded
portion of any existing Investment, (vi) uncalled capital or other commitments of an Obligor in Joint Venture Investments, as well as any letter or agreement requiring any Obligor to provide capital to a Joint Venture Investment or a lender to
a Joint Venture Investment, (vii) any accrued incentive, management or other fees to an investment manager or its affiliates (regardless of any deferral in payment thereof), (viii) Hedging Agreements entered into pursuant to
Section 6.04(c) and not for borrowed money or (ix) non-recourse liabilities for participations sold by any Person in any Bank Loan. 

Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on
account of any obligation of the Borrower under this Agreement and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes. 

Independent when used with respect to any specified Person means that such Person (a) does not have any direct
financial interest or any material indirect financial interest in the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates (including its investment advisor or any Affiliate thereof) and (b) is not connected with the Borrower or of its
Subsidiaries or Affiliates (including its investment advisor or any Affiliate thereof) as an officer, employee, promoter, underwriter, trustee, partner, director or Person performing similar functions. 

Industry Classification Group means (a) any of the classification groups set forth in Schedule 1.01(c) hereto,
together with any such classification groups that may be subsequently established by S&P and provided by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent in the Borrowers discretion, and (b) up to three additional industry group
classifications established by the Borrower pursuant to Section 5.12(a). 

28 

Interest Election Request means a request by the Borrower to convert or
continue a Syndicated Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.07, which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit G hereto (or such other form as shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent) and signed by the Borrower. 

Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any Syndicated ABR Loan, any
RFR Loan or any Term Benchmark Loan, each Quarterly Payment Date and (d) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid. 

Interest Period means 

(a) with respect to each Term Benchmark Loan (i) (x) made or converted into a Term Benchmark Loan on any date other than a Monthly Reset
Date, initially, the period (the Interpolated Interest Period) from (and including) the date of such Borrowing (or conversion or continuation of such Borrowing) to but excluding the next Monthly Reset Date; (y) made or
converted into as a Term Benchmark Loan on a Monthly Reset Date, initially, the period from (and including) the date of such Borrowing (or conversion of such Borrowing) to and excluding the date that is the earlier of (A) one (1), three
(3) or, if such Monthly Reset Date is also a Quarterly Payment Date and, such Term Benchmark Loan is not denominated in Canadian Dollars, six (6) months thereafter, and (B) the immediately succeeding Quarterly Payment Date (or, if the
six (6) month option was selected, the second succeeding Quarterly Payment Date thereafter) (Period End Date) and (ii) each successive period thereafter, beginning on and including the date following the applicable
Period End Date to but excluding the earlier of (A) one (1), three (3) or (if such Term Benchmark Loan is not denominated in Canadian Dollars) six (6) months thereafter, and (B) the immediately succeeding Quarterly Payment Date
(or, if the six (6) month option was selected, the second succeeding Quarterly Payment Date thereafter); 

(b) with respect to each
other Loan (i) initially, a period commencing on (and including) the date of the initial funding or conversion of the applicable Loan and ending on (but excluding) the following Quarterly Payment Date and (ii) thereafter, each period
commencing on (and including) a Quarterly Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Quarterly Payment Date; 

provided, that: (i) if
interest in respect of any Interest Period is computed by reference to the Term Benchmark Rate for Daily Simple RFR such Interest Period would otherwise end on a day which is not a Business Day, and there is no subsequent Business Day in the same
calendar month as such day, such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (ii) in the case of any Interest Period for any Loans which commences before the Final Maturity Date and would otherwise end on a date occurring
after the Final Maturity Date, such Interest Period shall end on the Final Maturity Date and (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.20(d) shall be available for specification in such Borrowing
Request or notice of conversion or continuation unless or until it is reinserted pursuant to Section 2.20(d). For purposes hereof, the date of a Loan initially shall be the date on which such Loan is made and thereafter shall be the effective
date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Loan, and the date of a Syndicated Borrowing comprising Loans that have been converted or continued shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Loans.

29 

Interpolated Interest Period has the meaning set forth in the definition
of Interest Period. 

Interpolated Rate means for any Interpolated Interest Period, the rate determined
through the use of straight-line interpolation by reference to two rates calculated in accordance with clause (a) of the definition of Term Benchmark Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the maturity of the deposits in the applicable
currency referred to therein was the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the Interpolated Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if such maturity was the period of time for which rates are available
next longer than the Interpolated Interest Period; provided that, if an Interpolated Interest Period is less than or equal to one month, then the Interpolated Rate shall be calculated in accordance with the definition of clause (a), as if the
Interest Period were one (1) month. 

Investment means, for any Person: (a) Equity Interests, bonds, notes,
debentures or other securities of any other Person or any agreement to acquire any Equity Interests, bonds, notes, debentures or other securities of any other Person (and any rights or proceeds in respect of (x) any short sale of
securities or (y) any sale of any securities at a time when such securities are not owned by such Person); (b) deposits, advances, loans or other extensions of credit made to any other Person (including purchases of property from another
Person subject to an understanding or agreement, contingent or otherwise, to resell such property to such Person, but excluding any advances to employees, officers, directors and consultants of such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for expenses
in the ordinary course of business); or (c) Hedging Agreements. 

Investment Company Act means the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended from time to time. 

Investment Policies means the investment objectives, policies,
restrictions and limitations set forth in its Registration Statement, and, to the extent not prohibited hereunder, as the same may be changed, altered, expanded, amended, modified, terminated or restated from time to time in accordance with the
terms of such Registration Statement. 

Issuing Bank means Natixis and any other Issuing Bank designated pursuant to
Section 2.05(m), in their capacity as the issuers of Letters of Credit hereunder, and their respective successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.05(j). In the case of any Letter of
Credit to be issued in an Agreed Foreign Currency, each Issuing Bank may designate any of its affiliates as the Issuing Bank for purposes of such Letter of Credit. 

Joint Lead Arrangers means Natixis, Socit Gnrale and any other Person who becomes a Joint
Lead Arranger hereunder with the written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 

Joint Venture
Investment means, with respect to any Obligor, any Investment by such Obligor in a joint venture or other investment vehicle in the form of a capital investment, loan or other commitment in or to such joint venture or other investment
vehicle pursuant to which such Obligor may be required to provide contributions, investments, or financing to such joint venture or other investment vehicle which is not, under GAAP, consolidated on the financial statements of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries. 

30 

LC Disbursement means a payment made by any Issuing Bank pursuant to a
Letter of Credit. 

LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of the Dollar LC Exposure and the Multicurrency LC Exposure.

Lender NDA has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b)(i). 

Lenders means, collectively, the Term Lenders, the Dollar Lenders and the Multicurrency Lenders. Unless the context
otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes each Swingline Lender. 

Letter of Credit means any letter of
credit issued pursuant to this Agreement. 

Letter of Credit Collateral Account has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.05(k). 

Letter of Credit Documents means, with respect to any Letter of Credit,
collectively, any application therefor and any other agreements, instruments, guarantees or other documents (whether general in application or applicable only to such Letter of Credit) governing or providing for (a) the rights and
obligations of the parties concerned or at risk with respect to such Letter of Credit or (b) any collateral security for any of such obligations, each as the same may be modified and supplemented and in effect from time to time. 

Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance
(other than any customary contractual limitation set forth in any agreement that is not prohibited from being entered into hereunder), charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any
conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase
option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities (other than on market terms at fair value so long as in the case of any Portfolio Investment, the Value used in determining the Borrowing Base is not greater than the
purchase or call price), except in favor of the issuer thereof (and, for the avoidance of doubt, in the case of Investments that are loans or other debt obligations, customary or otherwise market restrictions on assignments or transfers, buyout
rights, voting rights, right of first offer or refusal thereof pursuant to the underlying documentation of such Investment shall not be deemed to be a Lien and in the case of Investments that are equity securities, excluding customary
drag-along, tag-along, buyout rights, voting rights, right of first refusal, restrictions on assignments or transfers and other similar rights in favor of other equity holders of the same issuer). 

Loan Documents means, collectively, this Agreement, the Letter of Credit Documents and the Security Documents. 

Loans means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement, including the Syndicated Loans and
the Swingline Loans. 

Losses has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(b). 

31 

Margin Stock means margin stock within the meaning of
Regulations T, U and X. 

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, Investments
and other assets, liabilities or financial condition of the Borrower or the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than Financing Subsidiaries) taken as a whole (excluding in any case a decline in the net asset value of the Borrower or a change in
general market conditions or values of Investments, including the Portfolio Investments) or (b) the validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents or the rights or remedies of the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent or the
Lenders thereunder. 

Material Indebtedness means (a) Indebtedness (other than the Loans, Letters of Credit,
Hedging Agreements), of any one or more of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding $75,000,000 and (b) obligations in respect of one or more Hedging Agreements under which the maximum aggregate amount
(giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries would be required to pay if such Hedging Agreement(s) were terminated at such time would exceed $75,000,000. 

Minimum Collateral Amount means, at any time, with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of Cash or deposit account
balances, an amount equal to 100% of the Fronting Exposure of each Issuing Bank with respect to Letters of Credit issued and outstanding at such time. 

Modification Offer means, to the extent required by the definition of Permitted Advisor Loan, Secured Longer-Term
Indebtedness, Special Unsecured Indebtedness or Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness, an obligation of the applicable Obligor that will be satisfied if at least ten (10) Business Days (or, such shorter period if ten (10) Business Days is not
practicable) prior to the incurrence of such Permitted Advisor Loan, Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness, Special Unsecured Indebtedness or Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness, the Borrower shall have provided notice to the Administrative Agent of the
terms thereof that do not satisfy the requirements for such type of Indebtedness set forth in the respective definitions in this Agreement, which notice shall contain reasonable detail of the terms thereof and an unconditional offer by the Borrower
to amend this Agreement to the extent necessary to satisfy the requirements in the definition of Permitted Advisor Loan, Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness, Special Unsecured Indebtedness or Unsecured
Longer-Term Indebtedness, as applicable. If any such Modification Offer is accepted by the Required Lenders within ten (10) Business Days of receipt of such offer, this Agreement shall be deemed automatically amended (and, upon the
request of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, the Borrower shall promptly enter into a written amendment evidencing such amendment), mutatis mutandis, solely to reflect all or some of such more restrictive provisions, as elected by
the Required Lenders. Notwithstanding the foregoing any provision in a Modification Offer (including any associated cure or grace period) incorporated into this Agreement pursuant to the definition of Permitted Advisor Loan, Secured Longer-Term
Indebtedness, Special Unsecured Indebtedness or Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness, as applicable, shall be deleted from this Agreement pursuant to an amendment entered into by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (and the Administrative Agent
shall act in good faith to enter such amendment) following such time as the terms of such other Indebtedness are permanently amended so that such provision no longer applies or the applicable Permitted Advisor Loan, Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness,
Special Unsecured Indebtedness or Unsecured Longer-

32 

Term Indebtedness is terminated or otherwise no longer in effect if (x) the Borrower provides the Agent and each Lender with written notice of such permanent amendment or termination. Any
amendment entered into between the Administrative Agent and the Borrower pursuant to this definition shall be at the Borrowers sole cost and expense. 

Monthly Reset Date means the 28th of each calendar month or, if any such day is not a Business Day, then the next
succeeding Business Day. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. or any successor thereto. 

Multicurrency Commitment means, with respect to each Multicurrency Lender, the commitment of such Multicurrency Lender to
make Revolving Loans, and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit, denominated in Dollars and in Agreed Foreign Currencies hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate amount of such Lenders Revolving
Multicurrency Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.08 and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or
to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. The initial amount of each Lenders Multicurrency Commitment is set forth on Schedule 1.01(b), or in the Commitment Increase Supplement or Assignment
and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Multicurrency Commitment, as applicable. The aggregate amount of the Lenders Multicurrency Commitments as of the Effective Date is $300,000,000. 

Multicurrency LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding
Multicurrency Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements in respect of such Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time. The Multicurrency LC
Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Multicurrency Percentage of the total Multicurrency LC Exposure at such time. For purposes of computing the amount available to be drawn under any Multicurrency Letter of Credit, the amount
of such Multicurrency Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.05. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Multicurrency Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but
any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the International Standby Practices, such Multicurrency Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be
drawn. 

Multicurrency Lender means the Persons listed on Schedule 1.01(b) as having
Multicurrency Commitments and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to the Commitment Increase Supplement or Assignment and Assumption that provides for it to assume a Multicurrency Commitment or to acquire Revolving
Multicurrency Credit Exposure, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. 

Multicurrency Letters of Credit means Letters of Credit that utilize the Multicurrency Commitments. 

Multicurrency Loan means a Revolving Loan denominated in Dollars or an Agreed Foreign Currency under the Multicurrency
Commitments. 

33 

Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in
Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has or within the preceding six years had any obligation to make any contributions. 

National Currency means the currency, other than the Euro, of a Participating Member State. 

Natixis means Natixis, New York Branch. 

Net Cash Proceeds means: 

(a) with respect to any Disposition by the Borrower or any other Obligor, or any Extraordinary Receipt received or paid to the account of the
Borrower or any other Obligor (in each case, which requires a payment of the Loans under Section 2.10(d)), an amount equal to (a) the sum of cash and Cash Equivalents received by an Obligor or paid to the account of an
Obligor in connection with such transaction (including any cash or Cash Equivalents received by way of deferred payment pursuant to, or by monetization of, a note receivable or otherwise, but only as and when so received) minus (b) the
sum of (i) the principal amount of any Indebtedness that is secured by the applicable asset and that is required to be repaid in connection with such transaction (other than Indebtedness under the Loan Documents), (ii) the reasonable out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Borrower or such Obligor in connection with such transaction, (iii) the taxes paid or reasonably estimated to be
actually payable within one year of the date of the relevant transaction in connection with such transaction; provided that, if the amount of any estimated taxes pursuant to this clause (iii) exceeds the amount of taxes actually
required to be paid in cash in respect of such Disposition, the aggregate amount of such excess shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds (as of the date the Borrower determines such excess exists), (iv) any reasonable costs, fees, commissions, premiums
and expenses incurred by the Borrower or any other Obligor in connection with such Disposition and (v) reserves for indemnification, purchase price adjustments or analogous arrangements either (x) required by underlying documentation for
such Disposition or (y) reasonably estimated by the Borrower or the relevant Obligor in connection with such Disposition; provided that, if the amount of any estimated reserves pursuant to this clause (v) exceeds the amount actually
required to be paid in cash in respect of indemnification, purchase price adjustments or analogous arrangements for such Disposition, the aggregate amount of such excess shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds (as of the date the Borrower determines such
excess exists); and 

(b) with respect to the sale or issuance of any Equity Interest by the Borrower or any other Obligor (including, for
the avoidance of doubt, cash received by the Borrower or any Obligor for the sale by the Borrower or such Obligor of any Equity Interest of a Financing Subsidiary or Foreign Subsidiary, but specifically excluding any sale of any Equity Interest by a
Financing Subsidiary or Foreign Subsidiary or cash received by a Financing Subsidiary or Foreign Subsidiary in connection with the sale of any Equity Interest), or the incurrence or issuance of any Indebtedness by the Borrower or any other Obligor
(in each case, which requires a payment of the Loans under Section 2.10(d)), an amount equal to (i) the sum of the cash and Cash Equivalents received in connection with such transaction minus (ii) the sum
of (1) reasonable out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses, incurred by the Borrower or such Obligor in connection therewith plus (2) any reasonable
costs, fees, commissions, premiums, expenses, or underwriting discounts or commissions incurred by the Borrower or any of other Obligor in connection with such sale or issuance. 

34 

Non-Consenting Lender has the
meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(d). 

Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, a Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender
at such time. 

Non-Public Information means material non-public information (within the meaning of United States federal, state or other applicable securities laws) with respect to Borrower or its Affiliates or their Securities. 

NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 

NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and
(b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a business day, for the immediately preceding business day); provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the
term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m. New York City time on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided,
further, that if any of the aforesaid rates shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of calculating such rate. 

Obligor means, collectively, the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors. 

Original Currency has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17. 

Other Connection Taxes means with respect to the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any Issuing Bank, Taxes imposed by
any jurisdiction by reason of the recipient having any present or former connection with such jurisdiction (other than a connection arising from entering into, receiving any payment under or enforcing its rights under this Agreement or any other
Loan Document or selling or assigning an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 

Other Covered Indebtedness means,
collectively, Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness, Secured Shorter-Term Indebtedness and Unsecured Shorter-Term Indebtedness; provided that Other Covered Indebtedness shall not include any Indebtedness secured by a Lien on Portfolio
Investments permitted under Section 6.02(d). 

Other Permitted Indebtedness means
(a) accrued expenses and current trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of any Obligors business which are not overdue for a period of more than 90 days or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings, (b) Indebtedness (including Guarantees thereof but excluding Indebtedness for borrowed money) arising in connection with transactions in the ordinary course of any Obligors business in connection with its purchasing of
securities, loans, derivatives transactions, reverse repurchase agreements or dollar rolls to the extent such transactions are permitted under the Investment Company Act and the Borrowers Investment Policies (after giving effect to any
Permitted Policy Amendments); provided that, such Indebtedness does not arise in connection with 

35 

the purchase of Investments other than Cash, Cash Equivalents and U.S. Government Securities, (c) Indebtedness in respect of judgments or awards so long as such judgments or awards do not
constitute an Event of Default under clause (l) of Article VII, (d) [reserved], (e) Indebtedness which may be deemed to exist pursuant to any performance bonds, surety bonds, statutory bonds,
appeal bonds or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business, (f) Indebtedness in respect of netting services, overdraft protections and otherwise in connection with deposit accounts incurred in the ordinary course of
business, (g) Indebtedness consisting of the obligations of suppliers, customers, franchisees and licensees of the Obligors and their Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, (h) Indebtedness consisting of deferred purchase price
or notes issued to partners, members, officers, directors and employees to purchase or redeem the Securities (or option or warrants or similar instruments) held by such partners, members, officers, directors and employees, (i) Indebtedness in
respect of taxes, assessments or governmental charges to the extent that payment thereof shall not at the time be required to be made hereunder, (j) real estate lease or mortgage obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business,
(k) contingent obligations resulting from the endorsement of instruments for collection in the ordinary course of business and (l)(i) Indebtedness of an Obligor to or from another Obligor or (ii) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other
Obligor to a SPE Subsidiary or a Permitted CLO Issuer entered into not in violation of this Agreement and to the extent a court determines a transfer of assets (including participations) from such Obligor to such SPE Subsidiary or Permitted CLO
Issuer did not constitute a true sale, provided that, with respect to this clause (ii), the holders of such Indebtedness have recourse only to the assets purported to be transferred (or in the case of participations, the portfolio
investments that such participation interest relates to) to such SPE Subsidiary or Permitted CLO Issuer or counterparty, as applicable, and to no other assets of the Obligors in connection with such Indebtedness. 

Other Taxes means any and all present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges
or similar levies in the nature of a tax arising from any payment made under any Loan Document or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, excluding any such Taxes that are Other Connection
Taxes resulting from an assignment by any Lender in accordance with Section 9.04 hereof (unless such assignment is made pursuant to Section 2.18(b)). 

Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar
transactions denominated in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on its public website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding
business day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate (from and after such date as the NYFRB shall commence to publish such composite rate). 

Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(f). 

Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(f). 

Participating Member State means any member state of the European Community that adopts or has adopted the Euro as its
lawful currency in accordance with the legislation of the European Union relating to the European Monetary Union. 

36 

Participation Interest has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 5.13. 

PATRIOT Act shall mean United States Public Law
107-56, Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT Act) Act of 2001, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder from time to time in effect. 

Payment Recipient has the meaning assigned to it in
Section 8.09(a). 

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined
in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 

Periodic Term CORRA Determination Day has the meaning
set forth in the definition of Term CORRA. 

Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning set forth
in the definition of Term SOFR. 

Permitted Advisor Loan means any Indebtedness for borrowed money of any
Obligor that (a) is owed to the External Manager or any Affiliate thereof, (b) has no mandatory amortization prior to, and a final maturity date not earlier than, six months after the Final Maturity Date, (c) is permitted by the
Investment Company Act, (d) is not secured by any property or assets (whether of any Obligor or any other Person), (e) is on terms and conditions not materially less favorable to such Obligor than could be obtained on an arms-length basis from unrelated third parties, (f) is on terms and conditions that are not materially more restrictive upon such Obligor, while any Commitments or Loans are outstanding hereunder, than
those set forth in this Agreement with respect to such Obligor; provided that, such Obligor may incur any Permitted Advisor Loan that otherwise would not meet the requirements set forth in this clause (f) if it has duly made a
Modification Offer (whether or not it is accepted by the Required Lenders) and (g) the Borrower has elected to treat as a Permitted Advisor Loan by giving written notice of such election to the Administrative Agent; provided, that, the
aggregate amount of such Indebtedness treated as Permitted Advisor Loans shall not exceed $100,000,000 at any time. 

Permitted
CLO Issuer means any issuer of CLO Securities (or such entitys parent, general partner or other managing entity) that is an Affiliate of the Borrower and has acquired any Investments from an Obligor; provided that: 

(i) no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of such issuer (i) is Guaranteed by
any Obligor (other than Guarantees in respect of Standard Securitization Undertakings), (ii) is recourse to or obligates any Obligor in any way other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings or (iii) subjects any property of any
Obligor (other than property that has been contributed or sold, purported to be sold or otherwise transferred to such Subsidiary), directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof, other than pursuant to Standard
Securitization Undertakings or any Guarantee thereof, 

37 

(ii) no Obligor has any material contract, agreement, arrangement or
understanding with such issuer (excluding customary sale and contribution agreements entered into with a single purpose entity that is structured to be bankruptcy remote) other than on terms, taken as a whole, not materially less favorable to such
Obligor than those that might be obtained at the time from Persons that are not Affiliates of any Obligor, other than fees payable in the ordinary course of business in connection with servicing receivables or financial assets and pursuant to
Standard Securitization Undertakings, and 

(iii) to which no Obligor has any obligation to maintain or preserve such
issuers financial condition or cause such entity to achieve certain levels of operating results. 

Permitted Convertible
Indebtedness means Indebtedness incurred by an Obligor that is convertible solely into Permitted Equity Interests of the Borrower. 

Permitted Equity Interests means common stock of the Borrower that after its issuance is not subject to any agreement
between the holder of such common stock and the Borrower where the Borrower is required to purchase, redeem, retire, acquire, cancel or terminate any such common stock at any time prior to the first anniversary of the Final Maturity Date (as in
effect from time to time). For the avoidance of doubt, the existence of the Share Repurchase Program shall not in itself disqualify the common stock of the Borrower from being treated as Permitted Equity Interests. 

Permitted Liens means (a) Liens imposed by any Governmental Authority for Taxes, assessments or charges not yet due or
that are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the Borrower or the applicable Obligor in accordance with GAAP; (b) Liens of clearing agencies,
broker-dealers and similar Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business; provided that, such Liens (i) attach only to the securities (or proceeds) being purported to be purchased or sold and (ii) secure only obligations
incurred in connection with such purchase or sale, and not any obligation in connection with margin financing; (c) Liens imposed by law, such as materialmens, mechanics, carriers, workmens, landlord, storage and
repairmens Liens and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money); (d) Liens incurred or pledges or deposits made to secure obligations incurred in
the ordinary course of business under workers compensation laws, unemployment insurance or other similar social security legislation (other than Liens imposed by the PBGC in respect of employee benefit plans subject to Title IV of
ERISA) or to secure public or statutory obligations; (e) Liens securing the performance of, or payment in respect of, bids, insurance premiums, deductibles or co-insured amounts, tenders, government
or utility contracts (other than for the repayment of borrowed money), surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds and other obligations of a similar nature incurred in the ordinary course of business; (f) Liens arising out of judgments or awards so
long as such judgments or awards do not constitute an Event of Default under clause (l) of Article VII; (g) customary rights of setoff, bankers lien, security interest or other like right upon
(i) deposits of cash in favor of banks or other depository institutions in which such cash is maintained in the ordinary course of business, (ii) cash and financial assets held in securities accounts in favor of banks and other financial
institutions with which such accounts are maintained in the ordinary course of business and (iii) assets held by a custodian in favor of such custodian in the ordinary course of business securing payment of fees, indemnities, charges for
returning items and other similar obligations; (h) Liens arising solely from precautionary filings of financing statements under the Uniform Commercial Code of the applicable jurisdictions in respect of

38 

operating leases entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business or in respect of assets purported to be sold or otherwise contributed or disposed of to
any Person in a transaction not prohibited by this Agreement; (i) deposits of money securing leases to which an Obligor is a party as lessee made in the ordinary course of business; (j) easements, rights of way, zoning restrictions and
similar encumbrances on real property and minor irregularities in the title thereto that do not interfere with or affect in any material respect the ordinary course conduct of the business of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; (k) Liens
in favor of any escrow agent solely on and in respect of any cash earnest money deposits made by any Obligor in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement (to the extent that the acquisition or disposition with respect thereto is
otherwise not prohibited hereunder); (l) any restrictions on the sale or disposition of assets arising from a loan sale agreement (including a loan sale agreement between or among one or more Obligors with one or more Excluded Assets, SPE
Subsidiaries or Permitted CLO Issuers or with respect to any asset subject to a Back-to-Back Transaction; provided such restrictions with respect to this clause
(l) do not adversely affect the enforceability of the Collateral Agents first-priority security interest on any Collateral); (m) any interest or title of a lessor under any lease entered into by any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries in
the ordinary course of its business and covering only the assets so leased; (n) leases or subleases, licenses or sublicenses granted to other Persons not materially interfering with the conduct of the business of the Obligors or any of their
Subsidiaries; (o) Liens on assets not constituting Collateral with respect to obligations contemplated by clause (l) of the definition of Other Permitted Indebtedness; (p) Liens of a collection bank arising under Section 4-210 of the UCC on items in the ordinary course of collection; (q) Liens encumbering reasonable and customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to brokerage accounts
incurred and not as a means to speculate; and (r) Liens on any assets (other than Collateral) securing Indebtedness under clauses (e) and (h) of the definition of Other Permitted Indebtedness. 

Permitted Policy Amendment means any change, alteration, expansion, amendment, modification, termination, restatement or
replacement of the Investment Policies that is one of the following: (a) approved in writing by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, which approval and consents shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned,
(b) required by applicable law, rule, regulation or Governmental Authority, or (c) not materially adverse to the rights, remedies or interests of the Lenders in the reasonable discretion of the Administrative Agent (for the avoidance of
doubt, no change, alteration, expansion, amendment, modification, termination or restatement of the Investment Policies shall be deemed materially adverse if investment size proportionately increases as the size of the Borrowers
capital base changes). 

Permitted SBIC Guarantee means a guarantee by one or more Obligors of Indebtedness of an SBIC
Subsidiary on the SBAs then applicable form (or the applicable form at the time such guarantee was entered into); provided that the recourse to the Borrower thereunder is expressly limited only to periods after the occurrence of an
event or condition that is an impermissible change in the control of such SBIC Subsidiary (it being understood that, as provided in clause (s) of Article VII, it shall be an Event of Default hereunder if any such event or
condition giving rise to such recourse occurs). 

Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability
company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 

39 

Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer
Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under
Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 

Platform has the meaning set forth in Section 5.01(i). 

Portfolio Investment means any Investment (including any Participation Interest) held by the Obligors in their asset
portfolio (and solely for purposes of determining the Borrowing Base and of clause (p) of Article VII, Cash or Cash Equivalents, and excluding Cash pledged as cash collateral for Letters of Credit). Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the following Investments shall not be considered Portfolio Investments for purposes of the Borrowing Base under this Agreement or any other Loan Document: (a) any Investment that has not been made in compliance in all material
respects with the Investment Policies as in effect as of the date of its purchase or origination, (b) any Investment by an Obligor in any Subsidiary, Affiliate or joint venture (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Joint Venture
Investment) of such Obligor; (c) any Investment that provides in favor of the underlying obligor in respect of such Portfolio Investment an express right of rescission, set-off, counterclaim or any other
defenses; (d) any Investment, which if debt, is an obligation (other than the unused portion of a revolving loan or delayed draw term loan or letters of credit) pursuant to which any future advances or payments to the underlying obligor of such
debt may be required to be made by the applicable Obligor; (e) any Investment which is, as of the date of the making of such Investment, made to a bankrupt entity (other than a
debtor-in-possession financing and current pay obligations); (f) any Investment, Cash or account in which a Financing Subsidiary has a direct interest (provided that the
foregoing limitation shall not apply to investments where a Financing Subsidiary and an Obligor are invested in the same asset but are separate lenders of record, in each case, only to the extent of such interest; (g) any Investment that is not
owned by an Obligor free and clear of any Liens (except for Permitted Liens), including any Cash or Cash Equivalents in which lenders under a Capital Call Facility have a Lien; (h) any Investment that is an Excluded Asset or any Investment in
an Excluded Asset; (i) any Portfolio Investments that have been contributed or sold or otherwise transferred to any Excluded Asset, or held by any Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor or by a Joint Venture Investment, in each case
pursuant to a transaction not prohibited hereunder; and (j) to the extent of such participation, any Investment in which any Obligor has sold a participation therein to a Person that is not an Obligor. 

Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal in the United States as the prime rate in
effect. 

Principal Financial Center means, in the case of any Foreign Currency, the principal financial center where
such Currency is cleared and settled, as determined by the Administrative Agent. 

Pro-Rata Borrowing has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.03(a). 

Pro-Rata Dollar Portion means, in
connection with any Pro-Rata Borrowing, an amount equal to (i) the aggregate amount of such Pro-Rata Borrowing multiplied by (ii) the aggregate Dollar
Commitments of all Dollar Lenders then in effect at such time divided by (iii) the aggregate Revolving Commitments of all Lenders then in effect at such time. 

40 

Pro-Rata Multicurrency Portion
means, in connection with any Pro-Rata Borrowing, an amount equal to (i) the aggregate amount of such Pro-Rata Borrowing multiplied by (ii) the aggregate
Multicurrency Commitments of all Multicurrency Lenders then in effect at such time divided by (iii) the aggregate Revolving Commitments of all Lenders then in effect at such time. 

PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be
amended from time to time. 

Public Lender means Lenders that do not wish to receive
Non-Public Information with respect to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or their Securities; provided that unless a Lender is specifically identified in writing to the Borrower as a Public
Lender, such Lender shall be deemed not to be a Public Lender. 

Quarterly Payment Date means: (a) the 28th day of January, April, July and October of each year, commencing in April of 2025; provided that if any such date is not a Business Day, such Quarterly Payment Date shall be the next
succeeding Business Day and (b) the Final Maturity Date. 

Quarterly Measurement Dates means the last Business Day
of January, April, July and October in each year. 

Quoted Investments has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.12(b)(ii)(A). 

Register has the meaning set forth in
Section 9.04(c). 

Registration Statement means the Registration Statement filed by the
Borrower with the SEC on June 3, 2024. 

Regulations D, T, U and X means, respectively, Regulations D, T, U and X
of the Board, as the same may be modified and supplemented and in effect from time to time. 

Related Parties means,
with respect to any specified Person, such Persons Affiliates and the respective partners, directors, officers, managers, employees, agents, advisers and other representatives of such Person and such Persons Affiliates. 

Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio means, as of any date, the Asset Coverage Ratio as of the most recent Quarterly Measurement
Date. 

Relevant Governmental Body means (a) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of obligations,
interest, fees, commissions or other amounts denominated in, or calculated with respect to, Dollars, the Board and/or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board and/or the NYFRB or any successor thereto, (b) with
respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of obligations, interest, fees, commissions or other amounts denominated in, or calculated with respect to, Canadian Dollars, the Bank of Canada, or 

41 

a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of Canada or, in each case, any successor thereto, (c) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of obligations, interest,
fees, commissions or other amounts denominated in, or calculated with respect to, Sterling, the Bank of England, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto, (d) with respect to
a Benchmark Replacement in respect of obligations, interest, fees, commissions or other amounts denominated in, or calculated with respect to, Euros, the European Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central
Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto and (e) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of obligations, interest, fees, commissions or other amounts denominated in, or calculated with respect to, any Currency other than Dollars,
Canadian Dollars, Sterling or Euros, (1) the central bank for the Currency in which such obligations, interest, fees, commissions or other amounts are denominated, or calculated with respect to, or any central bank or other supervisor which is
responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (2) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (A) the central bank for the
Currency in which such obligations, interest, fees, commissions or other amounts are denominated, or calculated with respect to, (B) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (i) such Benchmark
Replacement or (ii) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (C) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 

Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Credit Exposures and unused Commitments representing more than 50% of
the sum of the total Credit Exposures and unused Commitments at such time (which shall include not fewer than two Lenders that are not Affiliates at any time that two or more Lenders that are not Affiliates have Commitments hereunder). The Required
Lenders of a Class (which shall include the terms Required Dollar Lenders and Required Multicurrency Lenders) means, at such time, Lenders having Credit Exposures and unused Commitments of such Class representing
more than 50% of the sum of the total Credit Exposures and unused Commitments of such Class at such time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Credit Exposure and unused Commitments of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in the
determination of Required Lenders or Required Lenders of a Class. 

Required Revolving Lenders means, at any time,
Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Revolving Commitments representing more than 50% of the sum of the total Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Revolving Commitments at such time (which shall include not fewer than two Lenders
that are not Affiliates at any time that two or more Lenders that are not Affiliates have Revolving Commitments hereunder). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Revolving Credit Exposure and unused Revolving Commitments of any Defaulting Lender shall
be disregarded in the determination of Required Revolving Lenders. 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution
Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 

Responsible Officer means, with
respect to any Person, the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer, controller or vice president of such Person and any duly authorized officer or authorized signatory, as applicable, of such
Person or of the general partner, administrative manager, manager or managing member of such Person with direct responsibility for the administration of this Agreement and also, with respect to 

42 

a particular matter, any other duly authorized officer or authorized signatory, as applicable, of such Person or of the general partner, administrative manager, manager or managing member of such
Person to whom such matter is referred because of such officers or authorized signatorys knowledge of familiarity with the particular subject. 

Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with
respect to any shares of any class of capital stock of the Borrower or any of other Obligor, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption,
retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such shares of capital stock of the Borrower or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such shares of capital stock (other than any equity awards granted to employees, officers,
directors and consultants of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates); provided, for the avoidance of doubt, neither the conversion or settlement of convertible debt into capital stock nor the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition,
cancellation or termination of convertible debt made solely with capital stock (other than interest or expenses or fractional shares, which may be payable in cash) shall be a Restricted Payment hereunder. 

Return of Capital means (a) any net cash amount received by any Obligor in respect of the outstanding principal of any
Investment (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), but not including any prepayment of a revolver that does not permanently reduce the related commitments, (b) without duplication of amounts received under clause (a),
any net cash proceeds received by any Obligor from the sale of any property or assets pledged as collateral in respect of any Investment to the extent such net cash proceeds are less than or equal to the outstanding principal balance of such
Investment, (c) any net cash amount received by any Obligor in respect of any Investment that is an Equity Interest (x) upon the liquidation or dissolution of the issuer of such Investment, (y) as a distribution of capital made on or
in respect of such Investment, or (z) pursuant to the recapitalization or reclassification of the capital of the issuer of such Investment or pursuant to the reorganization of such issuer or (d) any similar return of capital received by
any Obligor in cash in respect of any Investment; provided that, in the case of clauses (a), (b), (c) and (d) of this definition, net of any fees, costs, commissions, premiums, expenses and taxes payable or
reasonably estimated to be payable with respect thereto (including reasonable legal fees and expenses). 

Revolving
Commitments means, collectively, the Dollar Commitments and the Multicurrency Commitments. 

Revolving Credit
Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lenders Revolving Dollar Credit Exposure and Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure at such time. 

Revolving Dollar Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount
of such Lenders Revolving Loans, and its LC Exposure at such time made or incurred under the Dollar Commitments. 

Revolving
Lenders means the Dollar Lenders and the Multicurrency Lenders. 

43 

Revolving Loans means the revolving loans made by the Lenders to the
Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a) or (b). 

Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure
means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lenders Revolving Loans, and its LC Exposure at such time made or incurred under the Multicurrency Commitments. 

Revolving Percentage means, as of any date of determination, the result, expressed as a percentage, of the Revolving Credit
Exposure on such date divided by the aggregate outstanding Covered Debt Amount on such date. 

RFR, when used in
reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to such Loan, or the Loans constituting such Borrowing, bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to Daily Simple RFR. 

RFR Applicable Credit Adjustment Spread means 0.1193%. 

RFR Business Day means, for any Loans, Borrowings, interest, fees, commissions or other amounts denominated in, or
calculated with respect to, Sterling, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for general business in London. 

RFR Interest Day has the meaning set forth in the definition of Daily Simple RFR. 

RFR Reference Day has the meaning set forth in the definition of Daily Simple RFR. 

RIC means a person qualifying for treatment as a regulated investment company under the Code. 

S&P means S&P Global Ratings or any successor thereto. 

Sanctioned Country means a country or territory which is itself the subject or target of any comprehensive country-based
Sanctions (as of the date hereof, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the non-government-controlled areas of the Zaporizhzhia and Kherson Regions of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). 

Sanctioned Person means any Person that is, or is owned or controlled by Persons that are, (a) the target of Sanctions
administered or enforced by a relevant Sanctions Authority; or (b) located, organized or domiciled in, or owned by, or controlled by, or acting on behalf of the government of, a Sanctioned Country. 

Sanctions means any statute, executive order, regulation, decree, judicial decision, or any other legally binding act with
respect to the imposition or administration of any economic, financial or trade sanctions or embargoes imposed by a Sanctions Authority. 

44 

Sanctions Authority means the U.S. Department of the Treasurys
Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any member state thereof, His Majestys Treasury or other relevant sanctions authority. 

SBA means the United States Small Business Administration or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the
functions thereof. 

SBIC Equity Commitment means a commitment by the Borrower to make one or more capital contributions
to an SBIC Subsidiary. 

SBIC Subsidiary means any direct or indirect Subsidiary (including such Subsidiarys
general partner or managing entity to the extent that the only material asset of such general partner or managing entity is its equity interest in the SBIC Subsidiary) of any Obligor licensed as a small business investment company under the Small
Business Investment Act of 1958, as amended (or that has applied for such a license and is actively pursuing the granting thereof by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted), and which is designated by the Borrower (as
provided below) as an SBIC Subsidiary, so long as (a) no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of such Subsidiary: (i) is Guaranteed by any Obligor (other than a Permitted SBIC Guarantee or
analogous commitment), (ii) is recourse to or obligates any Obligor in any way (other than in respect of any SBIC Equity Commitment, Permitted SBIC Guarantee or analogous commitment), or (iii) subjects any property of any Obligor, directly or
indirectly, contingently or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof, other than Equity Interests in any SBIC Subsidiary pledged to secure such Indebtedness, and (b) no Obligor has any obligation to maintain or preserve such Subsidiarys
financial condition or cause such entity to achieve certain levels of operating results (other than in respect of any SBIC Equity Commitment, Permitted SBIC Guarantee or analogous commitment). Any such designation by the Borrower shall be effected
pursuant to a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower delivered to the Administrative Agent, which certificate shall include a statement to the effect that, to the best of such officers knowledge, such designation complied with
the foregoing conditions. 

SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor thereto.

Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness means, as of any date, Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness hereunder) of any
Obligor (which may be Guaranteed by any other Obligor) that is secured by any assets of any Obligor that (a) has no scheduled amortization prior to (other than for amortization in an amount not greater than 1% of the aggregate initial principal
amount of such Indebtedness per year; provided that amortization in excess of 1% per year shall be permitted so long as the amount of such amortization in excess of 1% is permitted to be incurred pursuant to
Section 6.01(i), (m), (n) or (o)), and a final maturity date not earlier than, six (6) months after the Final Maturity Date (it being understood that none of: (i) the conversion features under
Permitted Convertible Indebtedness into Permitted Equity Interests; (ii) the triggering and/or settlement thereof solely with Permitted Equity Interests, except in the case of interest expense or fractional shares (which may be payable in Cash
or Cash Equivalents); (iii) any customary voluntary prepayment provisions permitted by the terms thereof; or (iv) any customary mandatory prepayment that is contingent upon the happening of an event that is not certain to occur (including,

45 

without limitation a change of control or bankruptcy), in any case shall constitute amortization for the purposes of this definition)), (b) is incurred pursuant to terms that are
substantially comparable to market terms for substantially similar debt of other similarly situated borrowers as reasonably determined in good faith by the Borrower or, if such transaction is not one in which there are market terms for substantially
similar debt of other similarly situated borrowers, on terms that are negotiated in good faith on an arms length basis (except, in each case, other than financial covenants, covenants governing the borrowing base, if any, portfolio valuations
and events of default (other than events of default customary in indentures or similar instruments that have no analogous provisions in this Agreement or credit agreements generally), which shall be not materially more restrictive upon the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries, while any Loans or the Commitments are outstanding, than those set forth in this Agreement (it being understood that put rights or repurchase or redemption obligations (x) in the case of convertible securities, in
connection with the suspension or delisting of the Capital Stock of the Borrower or the failure of the Borrower to satisfy a continued listing rule with respect to its Capital Stock or (y) arising out of circumstances that would constitute a
fundamental change (as such term is customarily defined in convertible note offerings) or an Event of Default shall not be deemed to be more restrictive for purposes of this definition)); provided that, any Obligor may incur any
Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness that otherwise would not meet the requirements set forth in this clause (b) if it has duly made a Modification Offer and (c) is not secured by any assets of any Obligor other than pursuant to this
Agreement or the Security Documents and the holders of which (or an authorized agent, representative or trustee of such holders) have either executed (i) a joinder agreement to the Guarantee and Security Agreement or (ii) such other
document or agreement, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, pursuant to which the holders (or an authorized agent, representative or trustee of such holders) of such Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness
shall have become a party to the Guarantee and Security Agreement and assumed the obligations of a Financing Agent or Designated Indebtedness Holder (in each case, as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement); provided that
Indebtedness arising under any Hedging Agreement or any Capital Call Facility shall not constitute Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness hereunder. 

Secured Parties has the meaning assigned to such term in the Guarantee and Security Agreement. 

Secured Shorter-Term Indebtedness means, collectively, (a) any Indebtedness of an Obligor (which may be Guaranteed by
any other Obligor) that is secured by any assets of any Obligor and that does not constitute Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness and that is not secured by any assets of any Obligor other than pursuant to this Agreement or the Security Documents and
the holders of which (or an authorized agent, representative or trustee of such holders) have either executed (i) a joinder agreement to the Guarantee and Security Agreement or (ii) such other document or agreement, in a form reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, pursuant to which the holders (or an authorized agent, representative or trustee of such holders) of such Secured Shorter-Term Indebtedness shall have become a party to the Guarantee
and Security Agreement and assumed the obligations of a Financing Agent or Designated Indebtedness Holder (in each case, as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) and (b) any Indebtedness that is designated as Secured
Shorter-Term Indebtedness pursuant to Section 6.11(a); provided that Indebtedness arising under any Hedging Agreement or any Capital Call Facility shall not constitute Secured Shorter-Term Indebtedness
hereunder. 

46 

Security Documents means, collectively, the Guarantee and Security
Agreement and all other assignments, pledge agreements, security agreements, control agreements and other instruments executed and delivered on or after the date hereof by any of the Obligors pursuant to the Guarantee and Security Agreement or
otherwise providing or relating to any collateral security for any of the Secured Obligations under and as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement. 

Share Repurchase Program has the meaning set forth in the Registration Statement. 

Shareholders Equity means, at any date, the amount determined on a consolidated basis, without
duplication, in accordance with GAAP, of shareholders equity for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries at such date. 

Significant
Subsidiary means (a) any Obligor or (b) any other Subsidiary that meets all of the following criteria as of the end of the most recent fiscal quarter in respect of which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to
Section 5.01(a) or (b), as applicable: (a) the aggregate assets of such Subsidiary and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) as of such date do not exceed an amount equal to the greater of $50,000,000 and 5% of the consolidated assets
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such date; and (b) the aggregate revenues of such Subsidiary and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) for the fiscal quarter ending on such date do not exceed an amount equal to the greater of
$50,000,000 and 5% of the consolidated revenues of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period that, on a consolidated basis. 

SOFR means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such
Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator on its website. 

SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor
administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 

SONIA means a rate equal to the Sterling Overnight Index
Average as administered by the SONIA Administrator. 

SONIA Administrator means the Bank of England (or any successor
administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average). 

SONIA Administrators Website means the Bank of
Englands website, currently at http://www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. 

SPE Subsidiary means: 

(a) a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower or any other Obligor to which any Obligor sells, conveys or otherwise transfers (whether
directly or indirectly) Cash, Cash Equivalents or Investments, which engages in no material activities other than in connection with the purchase, holding, disposition or financing of such assets and which is designated by the Borrower (as provided
below) as an SPE Subsidiary, so long as: 

47 

(i) no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or
otherwise) of such Subsidiary (i) is Guaranteed by any Obligor (other than Guarantees in respect of Standard Securitization Undertakings), (ii) is recourse to or obligates any Obligor in any way other than pursuant to Standard Securitization
Undertakings or (iii) subjects any property of any Obligor (other than (x) property that has been contributed or sold, purported to be sold or otherwise transferred to such Subsidiary or (y) Equity Interests in such Subsidiary),
directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof, other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings or any Guarantee thereof, 

(ii) no Obligor has any material contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding with such Subsidiary (excluding customary
sale and contribution agreements entered into with a single purpose entity that is structured to be bankruptcy remote and master participation agreements) other than on terms, taken as a whole, not materially less favorable to such Obligor than
those that might be obtained at the time from Persons that are not Affiliates of any Obligor, other than fees payable in the ordinary course of business in connection with servicing receivables or financial assets and pursuant to Standard
Securitization Undertakings, and 

(iii) to which no Obligor has any obligation to maintain or preserve such entitys
financial condition or cause such entity to achieve certain levels of operating results, other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings; and 

(b) a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower designated by the Borrower (as provided below) as an SPE Subsidiary and which meets the
following criteria: 

(i) such Subsidiary is the direct or indirect parent of any SPE Subsidiary; 

(ii) such Subsidiary engages in no activities and has no assets (other than in connection with the transfer of assets to and
from any SPE Subsidiary referred to in clause (a), its ownership of all of the Equity Interests of any SPE Subsidiary referred to in clause (a), any contracts, agreements or arrangements not prohibited by clause (iii) below and
Standard Securitization Undertakings) or liabilities (other than in connection with any contracts, agreements or arrangements not prohibited by clause (iii) below and Standard Securitization Undertakings); 

(iii) no Obligor has any material contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding with such Subsidiary other than on terms,
taken as a whole, not materially less favorable to such Obligor than those that might be obtained at the time from persons that are not affiliates of any Obligor, other than fees payable in the ordinary course of business in connection with
servicing receivables or financial assets and pursuant to any Standard Securitization Undertakings; and 

(iv) no Obligor
has any obligation to maintain or preserve such Subsidiarys financial condition or cause such entity to achieve certain levels of operating results, other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings. 

48 

Any such designation of a SPE Subsidiary by the Borrower shall be effected pursuant to a
certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower delivered to the Administrative Agent, which certificate shall include a statement to the effect that, to the best of such Responsible Officers knowledge, such designation complies with the
conditions set forth in clause (a) or (b) above, as applicable. Each Subsidiary of an SPE Subsidiary shall be deemed to be an SPE Subsidiary and shall comply with the foregoing requirements of clause (a) or (b) of this definition, as
applicable. 

As of the Effective Date, each of PCIF Vigilant Funding LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and PCIF Defender Funding
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company is an SPE Subsidiary. 

SPE Subsidiary Recourse Obligation has the meaning
assigned to such term in the definition of Standard Securitization Undertakings. 

Special Equity Interest
means any Equity Interest that is subject to a Lien in favor of creditors of the issuer of such Equity Interest; provided that (a) such Lien was created to secure Indebtedness owing by such issuer or issuers affiliates to such
creditors, (b) such Indebtedness was (i) in existence and already secured by such Lien at the time the Obligors acquired such Equity Interest, (ii) incurred or assumed by such issuer and secured by such Lien substantially
contemporaneously with such acquisition) or (iii) a refinancing of the Indebtedness described in the foregoing clause (i) or clause (ii) and (c) unless such Equity Interest is not intended to be included in the Collateral, the
documentation creating or governing such Lien does not prohibit the inclusion of such Equity Interest in the Collateral. 

Special
Unsecured Indebtedness means unsecured Indebtedness of an Obligor (which may be Guaranteed by any other Obligor) that (a) has no scheduled amortization prior to other than for amortization in an amount not greater than 1% of the
aggregate initial principal amount of such Indebtedness per annum, provided that amortization in excess of 1% per annum shall be permitted so long as the amount of such amortization in excess of 1% is permitted to be incurred
pursuant to Section 6.01(m) or Section 6.01(o) hereof and a final maturity date not earlier than the Final Maturity Date (it being understood that none of: (i) the conversion features under Permitted Convertible Indebtedness into
Permitted Equity Interests; (ii) the triggering and/or settlement thereof solely with Permitted Equity Interests, except in the case of interest expense or fractional shares (which may be payable in Cash or Cash Equivalents); (iii) any
customary voluntary prepayment provisions permitted by the terms thereof; or (iv) any customary mandatory prepayment that is contingent upon the happening of an event that is not certain to occur (including, without limitation, a change of
control or bankruptcy), in any case shall constitute amortization for purposes of this definition), (b) is incurred pursuant to terms that are substantially comparable to (or more favorable to such Obligor than) market terms for
substantially similar debt of other similarly situated borrowers as reasonably determined in good faith by the Borrower or, if such transaction is not one in which there are market terms for substantially similar debt of other similarly situated
borrowers, on terms that are negotiated in good faith on an arms length basis (except, in each case, other than financial covenants, covenants governing the borrowing base, if any, and events of default (other than events of default customary
in indentures or similar instruments that have no analogous provisions in this Agreement or credit agreements generally), which shall be not materially more restrictive upon the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, while any

49 

Loans or the Commitments are outstanding, than those set forth in this Agreement (it being understood that put rights or repurchase or redemption obligations (x) in the case of convertible
securities, in connection with the suspension or delisting of the capital stock of the Borrower or the failure of the Borrower to satisfy a continued listing rule with respect to its capital stock or (y) arising out of circumstances that would
constitute a fundamental change (as such term is customarily defined in convertible note offerings) or be an Event of Default shall not be deemed to be more restrictive for purposes of this definition); provided that, any Obligor
may incur any Special Unsecured Indebtedness that otherwise would not meet the requirements set forth in this clause (b) if it has duly made a Modification Offer and (c) that is not secured by any assets of any Obligor. For the
avoidance of doubt the conversion of all or any portion of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness constituting Special Unsecured Indebtedness into Permitted Equity Interests in accordance with Section 6.12(a), shall not
cause such Indebtedness to be designated as Unsecured Shorter-Term Indebtedness hereunder. 

Specified Default means any
Default other than a Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency for which the grace and/or cure period in Section 2.10(c)(ii) has not expired. 

Specified Percentage means (i) from the Closing Date until such time as Shareholders Equity exceeds $400,000,000
as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, 50% and (ii) at all times thereafter, 25%. 

Standard Securitization
Undertakings means, collectively, (a) customary arms-length servicing obligations (together with any related performance guarantees), (b) obligations (together with any related performance guarantees) to refund the purchase
price or grant purchase price credits for dilutive events or misrepresentations (in each case unrelated to the collectability of the assets sold or the creditworthiness of the associated account debtors), (c) representations, warranties,
covenants and indemnities (together with any related performance guarantees) of a type that are reasonably customary in middle market, broadly syndicated or commercial loan market, accounts receivable securitizations, securitizations of
financial assets or collateralized loan obligations or loans to special purpose vehicles, including those owed to customary third party service providers in connection with such transactions, such as rating agencies and accountants,
(d) obligations (together with any related performance guarantees) under any customary bad boy guarantee and (e) obligations under customary limited recourse guarantees; provided, however, that any such guarantee described in
this clause (e) shall not exceed 10% of the aggregate unfunded commitments plus outstandings under the applicable loan (any such guarantee described in this clause (e), a SPE Subsidiary Recourse Obligation). 

Statutory Reserve Rate means, for any applicable Interest Period for any Term Benchmark Borrowing in Euros, a fraction
(expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the arithmetic mean, taken over each day in such Interest Period, of the aggregate of the applicable maximum reserve
percentages (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency
liabilities in Regulation D). Such reserve percentages shall include those imposed pursuant to Regulation D. Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Euros shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve
requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under Regulation D or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and
as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage. 

50 

Sterling means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent) at any date, any corporation, limited
liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parents consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with
GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the
ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled by the parent or one or more
subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the term Subsidiary shall not include any Person that constitutes an Investment (including a Joint
Venture Investment) held by any Obligor in the ordinary course of business and that is not, under GAAP, consolidated on the financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. Unless otherwise specified, Subsidiary means a
Subsidiary of the Borrower. 

Subsidiary Guarantor means any Subsidiary that is a Guarantor under the Guarantee and
Security Agreement. It is understood and agreed that no Excluded Asset, Financing Subsidiary, Immaterial Subsidiary, Foreign Subsidiary or Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary shall be required to be a Subsidiary Guarantor. 

Supplemental Testing Expense Cap has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.12(b)(ii)(F).

Swingline Lender means Natixis, in its capacity as lender of Swingline Loans hereunder, and any successors in such
capacity as provided in Section 2.04(d). 

Swingline Loan means a Loan made pursuant to
Section 2.04. 

Syndicated, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether
such Loan is, or the Loans constituting such Borrowing are, made pursuant to Section 2.01. 

T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system as determined by the
Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement. 

TARGET Day means any day on which the T2 is open for the settlement
of payments in Euros. 

Taxes means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions or
withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees, or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

51 

Term Benchmark, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers
to such Loan, or the Loans constituting such Borrowing, bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate. 

Term Benchmark Banking Day means for Term Benchmark Loans, Term Benchmark Borrowings, interest, fees, commissions or other
amounts denominated in, or calculated with respect to: 

(a) Dollars, a U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 

(b) Euros, a TARGET Day; or 

(c)
Canadian Dollars, any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for business in Toronto, Canada. 

Term
Benchmark Rate means 

(a) for any Interest Period (other than an Interpolated Interest Period): 

(i) in the case of Term Benchmark Borrowings denominated in Dollars, Term SOFR for such Interest Period; 

(ii) in the case of Term Benchmark Borrowings denominated in Euros, the rate per annum equal to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate
as administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for a period equal in length to such Interest Period, as displayed on the applicable Bloomberg page (or on any successor or
substitute page or service providing such quotations as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent from time to time at approximately 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) two Term Benchmark Banking Days for Euros prior to the first day of such Interest
Period (the EURIBOR Screen Rate); and 

(iii) in the case of Term Benchmark Borrowings denominated in
Canadian Dollars, Term CORRA for such Interest Period. 

(b) for any Interpolated Interest Period, the Interpolated Rate. 

Term Commitments means each Lenders Incremental Term Commitments. 

Term CORRA means, 

(a) for any calculation with respect to a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars for any Interest Period, the sum of (i) the
applicable Term CORRA Credit Adjustment Spread for such Interest Period and (ii) the Term CORRA Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term CORRA Determination
Day) that is two (2) Term Benchmark Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term CORRA Administrator and is displayed on a screen or other information service, as identified or
selected by the Administrative Agent; provided, however, that if as of 1:00 p.m. (Toronto time) on any Periodic Term CORRA 

52 

Determination Day the Term CORRA Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term CORRA Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term CORRA
Reference Rate has not occurred, then clause (a)(ii) of this definition will be the Term CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term CORRA Administrator on the first preceding Term Benchmark Banking Day for which such Term CORRA
Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term CORRA Administrator so long as such first preceding Term Benchmark Banking Day is not more than three (3) Business Days prior to such Periodic Term CORRA Determination Day; and 

(b) for any calculation with respect to the Canadian Prime Rate for any day, the sum of (i) the Term CORRA Credit Adjustment Spread for
Term Benchmark Loans for an Interest Period of one month and (ii) the Term CORRA Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the Canadian Prime Rate Term CORRA Determination Day) that is two (2) Term
Benchmark Banking Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term CORRA Administrator and is displayed on a screen or other information service, as identified or selected by the Administrative Agent; provided, however, that if as of
1:00 p.m. (Toronto time) on any Canadian Prime Rate Term CORRA Determination Day the Term CORRA Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term CORRA Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term
CORRA Reference Rate has not occurred, then clause (b)(ii) of this definition will be the Term CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term CORRA Administrator on the first preceding Term Benchmark Banking Day for which such Term
CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term CORRA Administrator so long as such first preceding Term Benchmark Banking Day is not more than three (3) Business Days prior to such Canadian Prime Rate Term CORRA Determination
Day. 

Term CORRA Administrator means Candeal Benchmark Administration Services Inc., TSX Inc., or any successor
administrator of the Term CORRA Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 

Term CORRA
Credit Adjustment Spread means, with respect to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, (a) with an Interest Period of one month, 0.29547% and (b) with an Interest Period of three months, 0.32138%. 

Term CORRA Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on CORRA. 

Term Lender means each Lender having a Term Commitment or, as the case may be, an outstanding Term Loan. 

Term Loans means the Incremental Term Loans. 

Term SOFR means, 

(a) for any calculation with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars for any Interest Period, the sum of (i) the Term
SOFR Applicable Credit Adjustment Spread and (ii) the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period at approximately 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR
Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first 

53 

day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, that if as of 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term
SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then clause (a)(ii) of this definition will be the
Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so
long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and 

(b) for any calculation with respect to an ABR Loan on any day, the sum of (i) the Term SOFR Applicable Credit Adjustment Spread and
(ii) the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month at approximately 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day (such day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business
Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided that if as of 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been
published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then clause (b)(ii) of this definition will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the
Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities
Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day. 

Term SOFR Administrator means the CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) as administrator of SOFR (or a successor
administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 

Term SOFR
Applicable Credit Adjustment Spread means 0.10%. 

Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time, the
rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 

Termination Date
means the earliest to occur of (i) the Final Maturity Date, (ii) the date of the termination of the Commitments in full pursuant to Section 2.08(c) and (iii) the date on which the Commitments are terminated
pursuant to Article VII. 

Testing Period has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 5.12(b)(ii)(E)(x). 

Testing Quarter has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 5.12(b)(ii)(B). 

Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by the
Borrower of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the borrowing of Loans, the use of the proceeds thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder. 

54 

Transferred Assets has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 6.03(h). 

Type, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether
the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans constituting such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate, Daily Simple RFR or the Alternate Base Rate. 

UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time
to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the FCA, which includes certain credit institutions and investment
firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK Resolution Authority means the Bank
of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment. 

Undisclosed Administration means, in relation to a Lender, the appointment of an administrator,
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official by a supervisory authority or regulator under or based on the law in the country where such Lender is subject to home jurisdiction supervision if applicable
law requires that such appointment is not to be publicly disclosed. 

Uniform Commercial Code means the Uniform
Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York. 

United States Person means any Person that is
a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 

Unquoted Investments has the
meaning set forth in Section 5.12(b)(ii)(B). 

Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness means
(1) any Permitted Advisor Loan and (2) unsecured Indebtedness of any Obligor (which may be Guaranteed by any other Obligor) that (a) has no scheduled amortization prior to (other than for amortization in an amount not greater than
1% of the aggregate initial principal amount of such Indebtedness per annum, provided that amortization in excess of 1% per annum shall be permitted so long as the amount of such amortization in excess of 1% is permitted to be
incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(m), (n) or (o) hereof) and has a final maturity date not earlier than six (6) months after the Final Maturity Date (it being understood that none of (i) the conversion features under Permitted
Convertible Indebtedness into Permitted Equity Interests; (ii) the triggering and/or settlement thereof solely with Permitted Equity Interests, except in the case of interest expense or fractional shares (which may be payable in Cash or Cash
Equivalents); (iii) any customary voluntary prepayment provisions permitted by the terms thereof; or (iv) any customary mandatory prepayment that is contingent upon the happening of an event that is not certain to occur (including, without
limitation, a change of control or bankruptcy), in any case shall constitute amortization for the purposes of this definition), (b) is incurred pursuant to terms that are substantially comparable to (or more favorable to such Obligor
than) market terms for substantially similar debt of other similarly situated 

55 

borrowers as reasonably determined in good faith by the Borrower or, if such transaction is not one in which there are market terms for substantially similar debt of other similarly situated
borrowers, on terms that are negotiated in good faith on an arms length basis (except, in each case, other than financial covenants, covenants governing the borrowing base, if any, and events of default (other than events of default customary
in indentures or similar instruments that have no analogous provisions in this Agreement or credit agreements generally), which shall be not materially more restrictive upon the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, while any Loans or the Commitments are
outstanding, than those set forth in this Agreement (it being understood that put rights or repurchase or redemption obligations (x) in the case of convertible securities, in connection with the suspension or delisting of the capital stock of
the Borrower or the failure of the Borrower to satisfy a continued listing rule with respect to its capital stock or (y) arising out of circumstances that would constitute a fundamental change (as such term is customarily defined in
convertible note offerings) or be an Event of Default shall not be deemed to be more restrictive for purposes of this definition); provided that, any Obligor may incur any Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness that otherwise would not meet the
requirements set forth in this clause (b) if it has duly made a Modification Offer and (c) that is not secured by any assets of any Obligor. For the avoidance of doubt the conversion of all or any portion of any Permitted
Convertible Indebtedness constituting Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness into Permitted Equity Interests in accordance with Section 6.12(a), shall not cause such Indebtedness to be designated as Unsecured Shorter-Term
Indebtedness hereunder. 

Unsecured Shorter-Term Indebtedness means, collectively, (a) any Indebtedness of an
Obligor that is not secured by any assets of any Obligor and that does not constitute Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness or Special Unsecured Indebtedness and (b) any Indebtedness that is designated as Unsecured Shorter-Term
Indebtedness pursuant to Section 6.11(a). 

U.S. Government Securities means securities
that are direct obligations of, and obligations the timely payment of principal and interest on which is fully guaranteed by, the United States or any agency or instrumentality of the United States the obligations of which are backed by the full
faith and credit of the United States and in the form of conventional bills, bonds and notes. 

U.S. Government Securities
Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for
the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 

Valuation Policy means the
Borrowers valuation policy, as the same may be amended, supplemented, waived, or otherwise modified from time to time consistent with industry practice for business development companies and in a manner not prohibited by this Agreement. 

Value has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 

Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such
Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 

56 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA
Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and
conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that
liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that
liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings. For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class
(e.g., a Term Loan, Revolving Loan or Multicurrency Loan), by Type (e.g., an ABR Loan) or by Class and Type (e.g., a Multicurrency Term Benchmark Loan). Borrowings also may be
classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Syndicated Borrowing or Revolving Borrowing), by Type (e.g., an ABR Borrowing) or by Class and Type (e.g., a Syndicated ABR Borrowing or
Multicurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing). Loans and Borrowings may also be identified by Currency. 

SECTION 1.03. Terms
Generally. The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words
include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word
shall. Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to
time amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or therein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be
construed to include such Persons successors and assigns, (c) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not
to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (e) the words
asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. Solely for
purposes of this Agreement, any references to principal amount or obligations owed by any Person under any Hedging Agreement shall refer to the amount that would be required to be paid by such Person if such Hedging Agreement
were terminated at such time (after giving effect to any netting agreement) less any collateral posted in support thereof. 

SECTION 1.04.
Accounting Terms; GAAP. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that, (a) if the Borrower
notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application 

57 

thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose),
regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then (x) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree to enter into negotiations in good faith in order to amend
such provisions of this Agreement with respect to the Borrower so as to equitably reflect such change to comply with GAAP with the desired result that the criteria for evaluating the Borrowers financial condition shall be the same after such
change to comply with GAAP as if such change had not been made and (y) such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have
been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith and (b) all leases that are or would have been treated as operating leases for purposes of GAAP prior to the issuance on February 25, 2016 of the Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) (the ASU) shall continue to be accounted for as operating leases for purposes of all financial definitions and calculations for the purposes of the Loan
Documents hereunder (whether or not such operating lease obligations were in effect on such date) notwithstanding the fact that such obligations are required in accordance with the ASU (on a prospective or retroactive basis or otherwise) to be
treated as capitalized lease obligations in the financial statements to be delivered pursuant to the Loan Documents. Whether or not the Borrower may at any time adopt Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting
Standards Codification Subtopic 825-10 (or successor standard solely as it relates to fair valuing liabilities) or accounts for liabilities acquired in an acquisition on a fair value basis pursuant to FASB
Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 141(R) (or successor standard solely as it relates to fair valuing liabilities), all determinations of compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be made on the basis that the
Borrower has not adopted FASB Accounting Standards Codification Subtopic 825-10 (or such successor standard solely as it relates to fair valuing liabilities) or, in the case of liabilities acquired in an
acquisition, FASB Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 141(R) (or such successor standard solely as it relates to fair valuing liabilities). 

SECTION 1.05. Currencies; Currency Equivalents. 

(a) Currencies Generally. At any time, any reference in the definition of Agreed Foreign Currency or in any other provision
of this Agreement to the Currency of any particular nation means the lawful currency of such nation at such time whether or not the name of such Currency is the same as it was on the date hereof. Except as provided in
Section 2.10(b) and the last sentence of Section 2.17(a), for purposes of determining (i) whether the amount of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit under the Multicurrency Commitments, together
with all other Borrowings and Letters of Credit under the Multicurrency Commitments then outstanding or to be borrowed at the same time as such Borrowing, would exceed the aggregate amount of the Multicurrency Commitments, (ii) the aggregate
unutilized amount of the Multicurrency Commitments, (iii) the Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure, (iv) the Multicurrency LC Exposure, (v) the Covered Debt Amount and (vi) the Borrowing Base or the Value or the fair market
value of any Investment, the outstanding principal amount of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit that is denominated in any Foreign Currency or the Value or the fair market value of any Investment that is denominated in any Foreign Currency shall be
deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of the Foreign Currency of such Borrowing, Letter of Credit or Investment, as the case may be, determined as of the date of the Administrative Agents receipt of

58 

a request for such Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.03(a) (or a conversion or continuation thereof pursuant to Section 2.07(b)), the Administrative Agents receipt of a request for
such Letter of Credit issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit) pursuant to Section 2.05(b) or the date of the valuation of such Investment, as the case may be. Wherever in this Agreement
in connection with a Borrowing or Loan an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in Dollars, but such Borrowing or Loan is denominated in a Foreign Currency, such amount shall be the relevant Foreign Currency Equivalent
of such Dollar amount (rounded to the nearest 1,000 units of such Foreign Currency). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any basket in Section 6.01(g),
6.01(i), 6.01(m), 6.01(o), 6.02(d), 6.03(g) or 6.04(f), in no event shall the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries be deemed not to be in compliance with any such basket solely as a result of a change in
exchange rates. 

(b) Special Provisions Relating to Euro. Each obligation hereunder of any party hereto that is denominated in the
National Currency of a state that is not a Participating Member State on the date hereof shall, effective from the date on which such state becomes a Participating Member State, be redenominated in Euro in accordance with the legislation of the
European Union applicable to the European Monetary Union; provided that, if and to the extent that any such legislation provides that any such obligation of any such party payable within such Participating Member State by crediting an account
of the creditor can be paid by the debtor either in Euros or such National Currency, such party shall be entitled to pay or repay such amount either in Euros or in such National Currency. If the basis of accrual of interest or fees expressed in this
Agreement with respect to an Agreed Foreign Currency of any country that becomes a Participating Member State after the date on which such currency becomes an Agreed Foreign Currency shall be inconsistent with any convention or practice in the
interbank market for the basis of accrual of interest or fees in respect of the Euro, such convention or practice shall replace such expressed basis effective as of and from the date on which such state becomes a Participating Member State;
provided that, with respect to any Borrowing denominated in such currency that is outstanding immediately prior to such date, such replacement shall take effect at the end of the Interest Period therefor. 

Without prejudice to the respective liabilities of the Borrower to the Lenders and the Lenders to the Borrower under or pursuant to this
Agreement, each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time, in consultation with the Borrower, reasonably specify to be necessary or appropriate to
reflect the introduction or changeover to the Euro in any country that becomes a Participating Member State after the date hereof; provided that the Administrative Agent shall provide the Borrower and the Lenders with prior notice of the
proposed change with an explanation of such change in sufficient time to permit the Borrower and the Lenders an opportunity to respond to such proposed change. 

SECTION 1.06. Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, if, as a result of any division or plan of division under Delaware
law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdictions laws): (a) any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been
transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized or acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity
Interests at such time. 

59 

SECTION 1.07. Issuers. For all purposes of this Agreement, all issuers of Portfolio
Investments that are Affiliates of one another shall be treated as a single issuer, unless such issuers are Affiliates of one another solely because they are under the common Control of the same private equity sponsor or similar sponsor. 

SECTION 1.08. Outstanding Indebtedness. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent that any Indebtedness is repaid, redeemed,
repurchased, defeased or otherwise acquired, retired or discharged (or irrevocable notice for redemption thereof has been given and in connection with such notice, the Borrower has either (x) designated on its balance sheet as
restricted or (y) deposited with the trustee in respect of such Indebtedness, in each case, an amount of Cash sufficient to consummate such redemption; provided that, from and after the date of such irrevocable notice, such Cash
shall not be included in the Borrowing Base or held in an account of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is pledged to any Person (other than the Collateral Agent or the holders of such Indebtedness)), in each case, in accordance with the
terms of the documentation governing such Indebtedness, such Indebtedness shall be deemed to be paid off and not to be outstanding for any purpose hereunder to the extent of the amount of such repayment, redemption, repurchase, defeasance,
retirement, discharge or irrevocable notice. 

SECTION 1.09. Reclassification. For purposes of determining compliance with the
provisions in Article VI, in the event that a proposed transaction or other action meets the criteria of more than one of the categories described therein, the Borrower, in its sole discretion, will be permitted to classify such transaction or other
action on the date it is consummated or otherwise taken or later reclassify such transaction or other action, in any manner that complies with each applicable provision of Article VI, so long as such transaction or other action is permitted to be
consummated or otherwise taken pursuant to each applicable provision of Article VI at the time of reclassification. 

SECTION 1.10.
Calculations. For purposes of categorization of each Portfolio Investment in accordance with Section 5.13, the amount of first lien debt, aggregate first lien debt and EBITDA with
respect to any Portfolio Investment may be calculated by the Borrower in good faith using information from and calculations consistent with the relevant financial models, pro forma financial statements, compliance certificates and financial
reporting packages provided by the relevant obligor or issuer as per the requirements of and all in the manner set forth in the relevant agreement governing such Portfolio Investment. 

SECTION 1.11.Rates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with
respect to (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Alternate Base Rate, the Daily Simple RFR, or the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate or any component definition thereof or rates
referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate
(including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Alternate Base Rate, the Daily Simple RFR, the Adjusted

60 

Term Benchmark Rate or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent
and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Alternate Base Rate, the Daily Simple RFR, the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any
Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Alternate Base Rate, the
Daily Simple RFR, the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including
direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof)
provided by any such information source or service other than for direct or actual damages resulting from willful misconduct or gross negligence of the Administrative Agent as determined by a final,
non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 

ARTICLE II 

THE CREDITS 

SECTION
2.01. The Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein: 

(a) each Dollar Lender severally agrees to make
Revolving Loans in Dollars to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in (i) such Lenders Revolving Dollar Credit Exposure exceeding such Lenders Dollar
Commitment, (ii) the aggregate Revolving Dollar Credit Exposure of all of the Dollar Lenders exceeding the aggregate Dollar Commitments at such time or (iii) the Covered Debt Amount exceeding the Borrowing Base then in effect; and 

(b) each Multicurrency Lender severally agrees to make Revolving Loans in Dollars and in Agreed Foreign Currencies to the Borrower from time to
time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in (i) such Lenders Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure exceeding such Lenders Multicurrency Commitment, (ii) the aggregate Revolving
Multicurrency Credit Exposure of all of the Multicurrency Lenders exceeding the aggregate Multicurrency Commitments at such time or (iii) the Covered Debt Amount exceeding the Borrowing Base then in effect.. 

Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving
Loans. Amounts repaid or prepaid with respect to the Term Loans may not be reborrowed. The Term Commitment of each Term Lender shall automatically terminate upon such Term Lender fully funding its Term Commitment. 

SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings. 

61 

(a) Obligations of Lenders. Each Syndicated Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing
consisting of Loans of the same Class of Commitments, Currency and Type made by the applicable Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments of the applicable Class. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be
made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder; provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lenders failure to make Loans as required. 

(b) Type of Loans. Subject to Section 2.13, (x) each Syndicated Borrowing of a Class shall be constituted
entirely of ABR Loans, RFR Loans or of Term Benchmark Loans of such Class denominated in a single Currency as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith and (y) each Pro-Rata Borrowing shall be
constituted entirely of ABR Loans or of Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars. Each ABR Loan shall be denominated in Dollars. Each Term Benchmark Loan shall be denominated in Dollars or an Agreed Foreign Currency (other than Sterling). Each
RFR Loan shall be denominated in Sterling. Each Lender at its option may make any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan; provided that (x) any exercise of
such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (y) in exercising such option, such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to minimize any increased costs to the
Borrower resulting therefrom (which obligation of the Lender shall not require it to take, or refrain from taking, actions that it determines would result in increased costs for which it will not be compensated hereunder or that it determines would
be otherwise disadvantageous to it and in the event of such request for costs for which compensation is provided under this Agreement, the provisions of Sections 2.14 and 2.18 shall apply). 

(c) Minimum Amounts. Each Term Benchmark Borrowing and RFR Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount of $1,000,000 or a larger multiple
of $1,000,000, and each ABR Borrowing (whether a Syndicated Loan or a Swingline Loan) shall be in an aggregate amount of $1,000,000 or a larger multiple of $100,000; provided that (i) a Syndicated ABR Borrowing of a Class may be in
an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the total Commitments of such Class or that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement of such Class as contemplated by
Section 2.05(f) and (ii) any Pro-Rata Borrowing may be in an aggregate principal amount of $1,000,000 or a larger multiple of $1,000,000. Borrowings of more than one Class,
Currency and Type may be outstanding at the same time. 

(d) Limitations on Interest Periods. Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request (or to elect to convert to or continue as a Term Benchmark Borrowing) any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested therefor would end after the Final Maturity Date. 

SECTION 2.03. Requests for Syndicated Borrowings. 

(a) Notice by the Borrower. To request a Syndicated Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by e-mail or by delivery of a signed Borrowing Request (i) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, two Business Days before the date of the
proposed Borrowing, (ii) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (iii) in the case of a RFR
Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, 

62 

three Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (iv) in the case of a Syndicated ABR Borrowing, not later than 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed
Borrowing. Each such request made by e-mail shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or e-mail to the Administrative Agent of a written
Borrowing Request. Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Agreement, in the case of any Syndicated Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the Borrower may request that such Borrowing be split into a Dollar Loan in an aggregate principal amount
equal to the Pro-Rata Dollar Portion and a Multicurrency Loan in an aggregate amount equal to the Pro-Rata Multicurrency Portion (any such Borrowing, a Pro-Rata Borrowing). Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, a Pro-Rata Borrowing shall be treated as being comprised of two (2) separate Borrowings, a
Dollar Borrowing under the Dollar Commitments and a Multicurrency Borrowing under the Multicurrency Commitments. 

(b) Content of
Borrowing Requests. Each Borrowing Request (whether by email or by delivery of a written request in another form) shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto and, if in the form of a written request, shall be signed by the
Borrower, and shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: 

(i)
whether such Borrowing is to be made under the Term Commitments, the Dollar Commitments or the Multicurrency Commitments or as a Pro-Rata Borrowing; 

(ii) in the case of a Revolving Borrowing, if such Borrowing is a Pro-Rata Borrowing,
the Pro-Rata Dollar Portion and the Pro-Rata Multicurrency Portion; 

(iii) in the case of a Revolving Borrowing, the aggregate amount and Currency of the requested Borrowing; 

(iv) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day; 

(v) in the case of a Syndicated Borrowing denominated in Dollars, whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Term
Benchmark Borrowing; 

(vi) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in an Agreed Foreign Currency, whether such Borrowing is
to be a Term Benchmark Borrowing or a RFR Borrowing; 

(vii) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Interest Period
therefor (if applicable), which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of Interest Period and permitted under Section 2.02(d); and 

(viii) the location and number of the Borrowers account to which funds are to be disbursed. 

(c) Notice by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this
Section 2.03, the Administrative Agent shall advise each applicable Lender of the details thereof and of the amounts of such Lenders Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. 

63 

(d) Failure to Elect. If no election as to the Class of Commitment of a
Revolving Borrowing is specified in a Borrowing Request, then the requested Borrowing shall be denominated in Dollars and shall be a Pro-Rata Borrowing. If no election as to the Currency of a Revolving
Borrowing is specified, then the requested Revolving Borrowing shall be denominated in Dollars. If no election as to the Type of a Syndicated Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be a Term Benchmark Borrowing having an Interest
Period of one month and, in the case of a Revolving Borrowing, if an Agreed Foreign Currency has been specified, the requested Revolving Borrowing shall be a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing, as applicable, denominated in such Agreed
Foreign Currency (and in the case of such Term Benchmark Borrowing, having an Interest Period of one month). If a Term Benchmark Borrowing is requested but no Interest Period is specified, (i) if the Currency specified for such Borrowing is
Dollars (or if no Currency has been so specified), the requested Borrowing shall be a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars having an Interest Period of one months duration, and (ii) if the Currency specified for such Borrowing
is an Agreed Foreign Currency, the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one months duration. 

SECTION
2.04. Swingline Loans. 

(a) Agreement to Make Swingline Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each
Swingline Lender severally agrees to make Swingline Loans under each Commitment to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period in Dollars, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in
(i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans exceeding $50,000,000 or any Swingline Lenders outstanding Swingline Loans exceeding the amount set forth opposite the name of such Swingline Lender on Schedule
2.04, (ii) the sum of any Swingline Lenders outstanding Multicurrency Loans, its LC Exposure and its outstanding Swingline Loans exceeding its Multicurrency Commitment, (iii) the total Revolving Dollar Credit Exposures exceeding the
aggregate Dollar Commitments at such time, (iv) the total Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposures exceeding the aggregate Multicurrency Commitments at such time or (v) the total Covered Debt Amount exceeding the Borrowing Base then in
effect; provided that no Swingline Lender shall be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow,
repay, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans. 

(b) Notice of Swingline Loans by the Borrower. To request a Swingline Loan, the
Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by e-mail not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the day of such proposed Swingline Loan. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and
shall specify the Swingline Lender from which such Swingline Loan shall be made, the requested date (which shall be a Business Day), the amount of the requested Swingline Loan and whether such Swingline Loan is to be made under the Dollar
Commitments or the Multicurrency Commitments. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the applicable Swingline Lender of any such notice received from the Borrower. Each Swingline Lender shall make each applicable Swingline Loan available to
the Borrower by means of a credit to the general deposit account of the Borrower with such Swingline Lender or such other account that has been specified in writing by the Borrower to such Swingline Lender (or, in the case of a Swingline Loan made
to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.05(f), by remittance to the applicable Issuing Bank) promptly on the requested date of such Swingline Loan. 

(c) Repayment of Swingline Loans. 

64 

(i) Each request for a Swingline Loan shall be deemed to include a request
pursuant to Section 2.03 for a Revolving Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars (allocated between the Multicurrency Commitment and the Dollar Commitments as set forth in Section 2.02(e)) with a one-month Interest Period, which Borrowing will refinance such Swingline Loan on the third (3rd) Business Day following the funding of such Loan unless,
concurrently with the request for a Swingline Loan, the Borrower submits a request for a Revolving ABR Borrowing to refinance such Swingline Loan. In consideration of the Swingline Lenders agreement to make Swingline Loans, the Borrower hereby
authorizes, empowers, and directs the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Swingline Lender, to disburse directly, as a Revolving Borrowing hereunder, to the Swingline Lender, in immediately available funds, the amount disbursed by the
Swingline Lender in connection with each Swingline Loan. In accordance with the deemed request for Borrowing submitted in connection with each Swingline Loan request, each Revolving Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent such Revolving
Lenders Applicable Multicurrency Percentage or Applicable Dollar Percentage, as the case may be, of the amounts disbursed by the Swingline Lender in connection with each Swingline Loan on the third (3rd) Business Day following receipt of such
request for a Swingline loan, whereupon the Administrative Agent shall disburse to the Swingline Lender such payments, and the principal amount owed to the Swingline Lender shall be deemed repaid by a Borrowing for all purposes hereunder to the
extent of such payments by the Revolving Lenders. Any such payments made by the Revolving Lenders on account of a Swingline Loan shall be deemed a Revolving Loan to the Borrower and the Borrower shall be deemed to have given Administrative Agent a
request for Borrowing with respect to such Loan, all in accordance with the terms of Section 2.3(a). The obligations of a Revolving Lender to make payments to Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender hereunder shall be
irrevocable, shall not be subject to any qualification or exception whatsoever, and shall, irrespective of the satisfaction of the conditions to the making of any other Loans described in Section 4.2, be honored in accordance with this 2.04
under all circumstances, including, without limitation, any of the following circumstances: (1) any lack of validity or enforceability of this Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents; (2) the existence of any claim,
counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right which the Borrower may have at any time against the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender, any Lender, or any other Person, whether in connection with this Credit Agreement, any
Swingline Loan, the transactions contemplated herein or any unrelated transactions; (3) the surrender or impairment of any security for the performance or observance of any of the terms of any of the Loan Documents; or (4) the occurrence
of any Default, Event of Default or mandatory prepayment pursuant to Section 2.10. 

(ii) If a Revolving Lender fails
to make available to the Swingline Lender any amount required of such Revolving Lender under Section 2.04(c)(i), then the Swingline Lender, to the extent the applicable Swingline Loan was funded by the Swingline Lender as a result of the
failure of any such Revolving Lender to fund the Swingline Loan pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(i), may recover such amount on demand: (A) from such Revolving Lender, together with interest at the NYFRB Rate for the period commencing on the
date such amount was due under Section 2.04(c)(i) and ending on the date the Swingline Lender recovers such amount from such Revolving Lender; (B) if such amounts are not paid by such Revolving Lender pursuant to the foregoing clause (A),
from the Borrower by the 

65 

designated time for repayment of such Swingline Loan, together with interest at the Alternate Base Rate for the period commencing on the date such amount was due from the applicable Revolving
Lender under Section 2.04(c)(i) and ending on the date the Swingline Lender recovers such amount from such Borrower; or (C) if such amounts are not paid pursuant to the foregoing clause (B) or (C), then each other Revolving Lender of
the same Class as such Revolving Lender that has failed to fund shall, within three (3) Business Days of demand from the Swingline Lender, pay to the Swingline Lender their respective Applicable Multicurrency Percentage or Applicable
Dollar Percentage, as the case may be, of the aggregate amount set forth in the foregoing clause (A) (calculated without regard to such non-paying Revolving Lenders Multicurrency Commitment or Dollar
Commitment, as applicable), irrespective of the satisfaction of the conditions to the making of any other Loans described in Section 4.2, but only to the extent that such payment does not cause the aggregate Revolving Dollar Credit Exposure of
any Lender to exceed such Lenders Dollar Commitment or the aggregate Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure of any Lender to exceed such Lenders Multicurrency Commitment, and the Revolving Loans of such Class owing to each Lender shall
be reallocated accordingly. 

(d) Resignation and Replacement of Swingline Lender. Any Swingline Lender may resign and be replaced at
any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the resigning Swingline Lender and a successor Swingline Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such resignation and replacement of any Swingline
Lender. In addition to the foregoing, if a Revolving Lender becomes, and during the period it remains, a Defaulting Lender, and if any Default has arisen from a failure of the Borrower to comply with Section 2.19(a), then
each Swingline Lender may, upon prior written notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, resign as a Swingline Lender, effective at the close of business New York City time on a date specified in such notice (which date may not be less
than five (5) Business Days after the date of such notice). On or after the effective date of any such resignation, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may, by written agreement, appoint one or more successor Swingline Lenders. The
Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such appointment of a successor Swingline Lender. Upon the effectiveness of any resignation of any Swingline Lender, the Borrower shall repay in full all outstanding Swingline Loans made by such
Swingline Lender together with all accrued interest thereon. From and after the effective date of the appointment of a successor Swingline Lender, (i) such successor Swingline Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced
Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans to be made by such successor Swingline Lender thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Swingline Lender and/or Swingline Lenders shall be
deemed to refer to such successor or successors (and the other current Swingline Lenders, if applicable) or to any previous Swingline Lender, or to such successor or successors (and all current Swingline Lenders) and all previous Swingline Lenders,
as the context shall require. After the replacement of the Swingline Lender hereunder, the replaced Swingline Lender shall have no obligation to make additional Swingline Loans. 

SECTION 2.05. Letters of Credit. 

(a) General. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, in addition to the Loans provided for in
Section 2.01, (i) the Borrower may request any Issuing Bank to issue, and (ii) each Issuing Bank severally agrees to issue, at any time and from time to time during the

66 

Availability Period and under either the Dollar Commitments or, solely in the case of an Issuing Bank that is a Multicurrency Lender, under the Multicurrency Commitments, Letters of Credit
denominated in Dollars or (in the case of Letters of Credit under the Multicurrency Commitments) in any Agreed Foreign Currency for its own account or the account of its designee (provided that the Obligors shall remain primarily liable
to the Lenders hereunder for payment and reimbursement of all amounts payable in respect of the Letters of Credit hereunder) in such form as is acceptable to such Issuing Bank in its reasonable determination and for the benefit of such named
beneficiary or beneficiaries as are specified by the Borrower. Letters of Credit issued hereunder shall constitute utilization of the Commitments up to the aggregate amount available to be drawn thereunder. 

(b) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal or Extension. To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal or
extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall hand deliver (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by such Issuing Bank) to any Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent
(reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the date
of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (d) of this Section 2.05), the amount and
Currency of such Letter of Credit, whether such Letter of Credit is to be issued under the Dollar Commitments or the Multicurrency Commitments, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to
prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. If requested by the applicable Issuing Bank, the Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on such Issuing Banks standard form in connection with any request for a Letter
of Credit. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by the Borrower to, or entered into by the Borrower
with, any Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. 

(c) Limitations on
Amounts. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to
such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (i) the aggregate LC Exposure of the Issuing Banks (determined for these purposes without giving effect to the participations therein of the Revolving Lenders pursuant to paragraph (e) of this
Section) shall not exceed $50,000,000 and the LC Exposure of the applicable Issuing Bank requested to issue such Letter of Credit (determined for these purposes without giving effect to the participations therein of the Lenders pursuant to
paragraph (e) of this Section) shall not exceed the amount set forth opposite the name of such Issuing Bank on Schedule 2.05 (or such greater amount as such Issuing Bank may agree in its sole discretion); (ii) the total
Revolving Dollar Credit Exposures shall not exceed the aggregate Dollar Commitments at such time; (iii) the total Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposures shall not exceed the aggregate Multicurrency Commitments at such time; (iv) with
respect to each Issuing Bank that is a Swingline Lender, the sum of such Swingline Lenders outstanding Multicurrency Loans, its LC Exposure and its outstanding Swingline Loans shall not exceed its Multicurrency Commitment then in effect; and
(v) the total Covered Debt Amount shall not exceed the Borrowing Base then in effect. 

67 

(d) Expiration Date. Each Letter of Credit shall expire at or prior to the close of
business on the date twelve months after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, twelve months after the then-current expiration date of such Letter of Credit, so long as such renewal
or extension occurs within three months of such then-current expiration date); provided that any Letter of Credit with a one-year term may provide for the renewal thereof for additional one-year periods. No Letter of Credit may be renewed following the earlier to occur of the Commitment Termination Date and the Termination Date, except with the consent of the applicable Issuing Bank and to the
extent that the relevant Letter of Credit is Cash Collateralized no later than five (5) Business Days prior to the Commitment Termination Date or Termination Date, as applicable or supported by another letter of credit, in each case pursuant to
arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent. 

(e) Participations. By the
issuance of a Letter of Credit of a Class (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) by an Issuing Bank, and without any further action on the part of such Issuing Bank or the Revolving Lenders, such Issuing Bank
hereby grants to each Revolving Lender of such Class, and each Revolving Lender of such Class hereby acquires from such Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Revolving Lenders Applicable Dollar Percentage or
Applicable Multicurrency Percentage, as applicable, of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph
(e) in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or
reduction or termination of the applicable Commitments; provided that no Revolving Lender shall be required to purchase a participation in a Letter of Credit pursuant to this Section 2.05(e) if (x) the
conditions set forth in Section 4.02 would not be satisfied in respect of a Borrowing at the time such Letter of Credit was issued and (y) the Administrative Agent or any Revolving Lender shall have so notified such
Issuing Bank in writing at least two (2) Business Days prior to the requested date of issuance of such Letter of Credit and shall not have subsequently determined that the circumstances giving rise to such conditions not being satisfied no
longer exist. Unless an Issuing Bank has received written notice from any Revolving Lender, the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, at least two (2) Business Days prior to the requested date of issuance of the applicable Letter of Credit,
that one or more applicable conditions contained in Section 4.02 shall not then be satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, such Issuing Bank shall be entitled to assume all such conditions are satisfied. 

In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Revolving Lender of a Class hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to
pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Issuing Bank, such Revolving Lenders Applicable Dollar Percentage or Applicable Multicurrency Percentage, as applicable, of each LC Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank in respect of
Letters of Credit of such Class promptly upon the request of such Issuing Bank at any time from the time of such LC Disbursement until such LC Disbursement is reimbursed by the Borrower or at any time after any reimbursement payment is required
to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. Such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each such payment shall be made in the same manner as provided in Section 2.06
with respect to Loans made by such Revolving Lender (and 

68 

Section 2.06 shall apply, mutatis, mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Revolving Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the
applicable Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to the next following paragraph (f), the Administrative Agent
shall distribute such payment to the applicable Issuing Bank or, to the extent that the Revolving Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph (e) to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Revolving Lenders and such Issuing
Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Revolving Lender pursuant to this paragraph (e) to reimburse an Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its
obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. 

If a Revolving Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable LC Disbursement that
has not be reimbursed by the Borrower or that has been refunded to the Borrower available to the Administrative Agent for payment to the applicable Issuing Bank, then the Issuing Bank may recover such amount on demand: (A) from such Revolving
Lender, together with interest at the NYFRB Rate for the period commencing on the date such amount was due under this Section 2.05(e) and ending on the date the Issuing Bank recovers such amount from such Revolving Lender; or (B) if such
amounts are not paid by such Revolving Lender pursuant to the foregoing clause (B), then each other Revolving Lender of the same Class as such Revolving Lender that has failed to fund shall, within three (3) Business Days of demand from
the Administrative Agent, pay to the Administrative Agent their respective Applicable Multicurrency Percentage or Applicable Dollar Percentage, as the case may be, of the aggregate amount set forth in the foregoing clause (A) (calculated without
regard to such non-paying Revolving Lenders Commitments, irrespective of the satisfaction of the conditions described in Section 4.2, but only to the extent that such payment does not cause the
aggregate Revolving Dollar Credit Exposure of any Lender to exceed such Lenders Dollar Commitment or the aggregate Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure of any Lender to exceed such Lenders Multicurrency Commitment. 

(f) Reimbursement. If an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall reimburse such
Issuing Bank in respect of such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such LC Disbursement in the Currency in which such Letter of Credit is denominated not later than 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on (i) the
Business Day that the Borrower receives notice of such LC Disbursement, if such notice is received prior to 10:00 a.m., New York City time, or (ii) the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives such notice, if such
notice is not received prior to such time; provided that, if such LC Disbursement is greater than or equal to $1,000,000 and is denominated in Dollars, the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein (other than any
minimum amounts, including as set forth in Section 2.02(c)), request in accordance with Section 2.03 or 2.04 that such payment be financed with a Syndicated ABR Borrowing or a Swingline Loan
of the respective Class in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrowers obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting Syndicated ABR Borrowing or Swingline Loan. 

If the Borrower fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each affected Revolving Lender of the applicable LC
Disbursement, the payment then due from the Borrower in respect thereof and such Revolving Lenders Applicable Dollar Percentage, in the case of a Letter of Credit denominated in Dollars, or such Multicurrency Lenders Applicable
Multicurrency Percentage, in the case of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Agreed Foreign Currency, thereof. 

69 

(g) Obligations Absolute. The Borrowers obligation to reimburse LC
Disbursements as provided in paragraph (f) of this Section 2.05 shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and
all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be
forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by an Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply
strictly with the terms of such Letter of Credit, and (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section 2.05, constitute
a legal or equitable discharge of the Borrowers obligations hereunder. 

None of the Administrative Agent, the Revolving Lenders, the
Issuing Banks or any of their respective Related Parties shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit by the Issuing Banks or any payment or failure to make any
payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any
Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the Issuing Banks; provided that the foregoing shall
not be construed to excuse any Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable
law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Banks fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof as
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment. The parties hereto expressly agree that: 

(i) the Issuing Banks may accept documents that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter
of Credit without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and may make payment upon presentation of documents that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of such
Letter of Credit; 

(ii) the Issuing Banks shall have the right, in their sole discretion, to decline to accept such
documents and to make such payment if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit; and 

(iii) this sentence shall establish the standard of care to be exercised by the Issuing Banks when determining whether drafts
and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof (and the parties hereto hereby waive, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any standard of care inconsistent with the foregoing). 

70 

(h) Disbursement Procedures. Each Issuing Bank shall, within a reasonable time
following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank. The applicable Issuing Bank shall promptly after such examination notify the Administrative Agent
and the Borrower by telephone (confirmed by electronic communication) of such demand for payment and whether such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder; provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such
notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the applicable Revolving Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement. 

(i) Interim Interest. If any Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement
in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount of such LC Disbursement shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Borrower reimburses such LC
Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to Syndicated ABR Loans; provided that, if the Borrower fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement within two (2) Business Days following the date when due pursuant to paragraph
(f) of this Section 2.05, then the provisions of Section 2.12(c) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph (i) shall be for the account of the applicable
Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Revolving Lender pursuant to paragraph (f) of this Section 2.05 to reimburse such Issuing Bank shall be for the account of
such Revolving Lender to the extent of such payment. 

(j) Resignation and/or Replacement of an Issuing Bank. Any Issuing Bank may
resign and be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the resigning Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank. In addition, if any Issuing Bank, in its capacity as a Revolving Lender, assigns all of
its Revolving Loans and Revolving Commitments in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, such Issuing Bank may, with the prior written consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided that no
consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default under clause (a), (b), (i), (j) or (k) of Article VII has occurred and is continuing), resign as an Issuing Bank hereunder upon not less than thirty days prior written notice to
the Administrative Agent and the Borrower; provided, further, that, in determining whether to give any such consent, the Borrower may consider (in its reasonable discretion), among other factors, the sufficiency of availability of
Letters of Credit hereunder. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Revolving Lenders of any such resignation and replacement of an Issuing Bank. Upon the effectiveness of any resignation or replacement of an Issuing Bank, the Borrower shall pay
all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the resigning or replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.11(b). From and after the effective date of the appointment of a successor Issuing Bank, (i) the successor Issuing
Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank and/or Issuing
Banks shall be deemed to refer to such successor or successors (and the other current Issuing Banks, if applicable) or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor or successors (and all other current Issuing Banks) and all previous
Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the effective replacement or resignation of any Issuing Bank hereunder, the resigning or replaced Issuing Bank, as the case may be, shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the
rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such resignation or replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 

71 

(k) Cash Collateralization. If the Borrower shall be required to provide Cash
Collateral for LC Exposure pursuant to Section 2.05(d), Section 2.09(a), Section 2.10(b) or (c) or the last paragraph of Article VII,
the Borrower shall promptly, but in any event within five (5) Business Days, deposit into a segregated collateral account or accounts (herein, collectively, the Letter of Credit Collateral Account) in the name and under
the dominion and control of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, Cash denominated in the Currency of the Letter of Credit under which such LC Exposure arises in an amount equal to the amount required under
Section 2.05(d), Section 2.09(a), Section 2.10(b) or (c), or the last paragraph of Article VII, as applicable. Such deposit shall be held by the
Administrative Agent as collateral in the first instance for the LC Exposure under this Agreement and thereafter for the payment of the Secured Obligations under and as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement, and for these
purposes the Borrower hereby grants a security interest to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Revolving Lenders in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account and in any financial assets (as defined in the Uniform Commercial Code) or
other property held therein. If the Borrower is required to provide Cash Collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such Cash Collateral (to the extent not applied as set forth in this
Section 2.05(k)) shall be returned to the Borrower promptly after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. If the Borrower is required to provide Cash Collateral hereunder pursuant to
Section 2.10(b)(ii), such Cash Collateral (to the extent not applied as set forth in this Section 2.05(k)) shall be returned to the Borrower promptly as and to the extent that, after giving effect
to such return, the aggregate Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposures would not exceed the aggregate Multicurrency Commitments. 

(l) No
Obligation to Issue After Certain Events. No Issuing Bank shall be under any obligation to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit if: any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms
purport to enjoin or restrain such Issuing Bank from issuing, amending, renewing or extending such Letter of Credit, or any law applicable to such Issuing Bank or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any
Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such Issuing Bank shall prohibit, or request that such Issuing Bank shall refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such
Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the date hereof, or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank any
unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the date hereof and which such Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it, or the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such Issuing Bank
applicable to letters of credit generally. 

(m) Additional Issuing Banks. From time to time, the Borrower may, by notice to the
Revolving Lenders and with the consent of the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, designate one or more additional Revolving Lenders as an Issuing Bank, so long as each such Lender agrees (in its sole discretion) to act in such capacity;
provided that each such notice shall include an updated Schedule 2.05; provided, further, that the Borrower shall not update Schedule 2.05 to increase any Issuing Banks maximum LC Exposure without such Issuing Banks
consent. Each such additional Issuing Bank shall execute a counterpart of this Agreement upon the approval of the Administrative Agent and shall thereafter be an Issuing Bank hereunder for all purposes. 

72 

SECTION 2.06. Funding of Borrowings. 

(a) Funding by Lenders. Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of
immediately available funds by (i) in the case of any Loan denominated in Dollars or Canadian Dollars, 12:00 p.m. New York City time, and (ii) in the case of any Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency (other than Canadian Dollars),
8:00 a.m. New York City time, in each case, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders; provided that Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in
Section 2.04. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to an account of the Borrower designated by the Borrower in the applicable
Borrowing Request; provided that Syndicated ABR Borrowings made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.05(f) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the applicable
Issuing Bank. 

(b) Presumption by the Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender
prior to the proposed funding deadline of any Borrowing set forth in clause (a) of this Section 2.06 that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders share of such
Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with clause (a) of this Section 2.06 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make
available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may recover such amount on demand:
(A) from such Lender, together with interest at the NYFRB Rate for the period commencing on the date such amount was due under Section 2.06(a) and ending on the date the Administrative Agent recovers such amount from such Lender;
(B) if such amounts are not paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing clause (A), from the Borrower, together with interest at the Alternate Base Rate for the period commencing on the date such amount was due from the applicable Lender
under Section 2.06(a) and ending on the date the Administrative Agent recovers such amount from such Borrower; or (C) if such amounts are not paid pursuant to the foregoing clause (B) or (C), then each other Lender of the same
Class as such Lender that has failed to fund shall, within three (3) Business Days of demand from the Administrative Agent, pay to the Administrative Agent their respective Applicable Percentage, Applicable Multicurrency Percentage or
Applicable Dollar Percentage, as the case may be, of the aggregate amount set forth in the foregoing clause (A) (calculated without regard to such non-paying Lenders Commitments, irrespective of the
satisfaction of the conditions to the making of any other Loans described in Section 4.2, but only to the extent that such payment does not cause the aggregate Revolving Dollar Credit Exposure of any Lender to exceed such Lenders Dollar
Commitment or the aggregate Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure of any Lender to exceed such Lenders Multicurrency Commitment, and the Revolving Loans of such Class owing to each Lender shall be reallocated. Nothing in this paragraph shall
relieve any Lender of its obligation to fulfill its commitments hereunder, and this paragraph shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent.

73 

SECTION 2.07. Interest Elections. 

(a) Elections by the Borrower for Syndicated Borrowings. Subject to Section 2.03(d), the Loans constituting
each Syndicated Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, shall have the Interest Period specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Borrower may
elect to convert such Borrowing to a Borrowing of a different Type or to continue such Borrowing as a Borrowing of the same Type and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, may elect the Interest Period therefor (if applicable), all as provided
in this Section 2.07; provided, however, that (i) a Syndicated Borrowing of a Class may only be continued or converted into a Syndicated Borrowing of the same Class, (ii) except as set forth in
Sections 2.13, 2.20(e) and 2.21, a Syndicated Borrowing denominated in one Currency may not be continued as, or converted to, a Syndicated Borrowing in a different Currency, (iii) no Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in
a Foreign Currency may be continued if, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposures would exceed the aggregate Multicurrency Commitments, and (iv) neither a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in a
Foreign Currency nor a RFR Borrowing may be converted to a Borrowing of a different Type. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated
ratably among the Lenders of the respective Class holding the Loans constituting such Borrowing, and the Loans constituting each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section 2.07 shall not
apply to Swingline Loans, which may not be converted or continued. 

(b) Notice of Elections. To make an election pursuant to this
Section 2.07, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by e-mail by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under
Section 2.03 if the Borrower were requesting a Syndicated Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each Interest Election Request delivered by e-mail shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly (but no later than the close of business on the date of such request) by hand delivery or electronic communication to the Administrative Agent of a
written Interest Election Request. 

(c) Content of Interest Election Requests. Each Interest Election Request (whether by email or
delivery of a written request in another form) shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: 

(i) the Borrowing (including the Class of Commitment) to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if
different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and
(iv) of this paragraph (c) shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing); 

(ii) the effective
date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day; 

(iii) whether, in the
case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Term Benchmark Borrowing; and 

74 

(iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Interest
Period therefor (if applicable )after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of Interest Period and permitted under Section 2.02(d). 

(d) Notice by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders. Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative
Agent shall advise each applicable Lender of the details thereof and of such Lenders portion of each resulting Borrowing. 

(e)
Failure to Elect; Events of Default. If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely and complete Interest Election Request with respect to a Term Benchmark Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period therefor, then, unless such Borrowing is
repaid as provided herein, (i) if such Borrowing is denominated in Dollars, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to a Term Benchmark Borrowing of the same Class having an Interest Period of one month, and
(ii) if such Borrowing is denominated in a Foreign Currency, the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and
the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, no Term Benchmark Borrowing may have an Interest Period of more than one month. 

SECTION 2.08. Termination, Reduction or Increase of the Commitments. 

(a) Scheduled Termination. Unless previously terminated, the Revolving Commitments of each Class shall terminate on the Commitment
Termination Date. 

(b) Voluntary Termination or Reduction. The Borrower may at any time, without premium or penalty, terminate or
from time to time reduce, the Revolving Commitments ratably among each Class of Revolving Commitment; provided that (i) each reduction of the Revolving Commitments of a Class shall be in an amount that is $10,000,000 or a
larger multiple of $5,000,000 in excess thereof (or, if less, the entire amount of the Revolving Commitments of such Class) and (ii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Revolving Commitments of either Class if, after giving
effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Revolving Loans of such Class in accordance with Section 2.10, the total Revolving Credit Exposures of such Class would exceed the total Revolving Commitments of such
Class. Any such reduction of the Revolving Commitments below the amount of the Swingline Loans permitted under Section 2.04(a)(i) and the Letters of Credit permitted under Section 2.05(c)(i) shall
result in a dollar-for-dollar reduction of such amounts as applicable. 

(c) Notice of Voluntary Termination or Reduction. The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or
reduce the Revolving Commitments under clause (b) of this Section 2.08 at least three (3) Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction (or such lesser period agreed to by
the Administrative Agent), specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the applicable Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower
pursuant to this Section 2.08 shall be irrevocable; provided that a notice of termination or reduction of the Revolving Commitments of a Class delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is
conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or transactions, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not
satisfied. 

75 

(d) Effect of Termination or Reduction. Any termination or reduction of the Revolving
Commitments of a Class pursuant to clause (b) shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Revolving Commitments of a Class pursuant to clause (b) shall be made ratably among the Lenders of such Class in
accordance with their respective Revolving Commitments. 

(e) Increase of the Commitments. 

(i) Requests for Increase by Borrower. The Borrower may, at any time, request that the Revolving Commitments hereunder
of a Class be increased or a new Class of Incremental Term Commitments be created (each such proposed increase or creation being a Commitment Increase) upon notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly notify
the Lenders), which notice shall specify each existing Lender that shall have agreed to an additional Commitment of the same Class as its existing Commitment (each an Increasing Lender) and/or each additional lender that
shall have agreed to a new Commitment or existing Lender that shall have agreed to a new Commitment of a different Class than its existing Commitment (each an Assuming Lender) and the date on which such increase or
creation, as applicable, is expected to be effective (the date of actual effectiveness, the Commitment Increase Date), which shall be a Business Day at least three Business Days (or such lesser period as the Administrative Agent
may reasonably agree) after delivery of such notice and at least 30 days prior to the Commitment Termination Date; provided that: 

(A) the minimum amount of the Commitment of any Assuming Lender, and the minimum amount of the increase of the Commitment of
any Increasing Lender, as part of such Commitment Increase shall be $25,000,000 or a larger multiple of $5,000,000 in excess thereof (or such lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree); 

(B) immediately after giving effect to such Commitment Increase, the total Revolving Commitments and outstanding Term Loans of
all of the Lenders hereunder shall not exceed $450,000,000; 

(C) each Assuming Lender shall be consented to by the
Administrative Agent and, in the case of a Commitment Increase under the Revolving Commitments, each Swingline Lender and each Issuing Bank (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned); 

(D) in the case of any Commitment Increase, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such Commitment Increase Date
or shall result from the proposed Commitment Increase; and 

(E) representations and warranties made by the Borrower and/or
its Subsidiaries, as applicable, contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any portion of the representations and warranties already subject to a materiality qualifier, true and correct in all
respects) on and as of the Commitment Increase Date as if made on and as of such date (or, if any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, as of such specific date). 

76 

(ii) Effectiveness of Commitment Increase by Borrower. An Assuming
Lender, if any, shall become a Lender hereunder as of such Commitment Increase Date and the Commitment of the respective Class of any Increasing Lender and such Assuming Lender shall be increased as of such Commitment Increase Date;
provided that: 

(x) the Administrative Agent shall have received on or prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City time,
on such Commitment Increase Date (or on or prior to a time on an earlier date specified by the Administrative Agent) a certificate of a duly authorized officer of the Borrower stating that each of the applicable conditions to such Commitment
Increase set forth in the foregoing paragraph (i) has been satisfied; 

(y) each Assuming Lender or Increasing
Lender shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent, on or prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City time on such Commitment Increase Date (or on or prior to a time on an earlier date specified by the Administrative Agent), an agreement
substantially in the form of Exhibit D hereto (or such other form as shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) appropriately completed, and otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent (each, a Commitment Increase Supplement), pursuant to which such Lender shall, effective as of such Commitment Increase Date, undertake a Commitment or an increase of Commitment in each case of the respective
Class, duly executed by such Assuming Lender or Increasing Lender, as applicable, and the Borrower and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent; and 

(z) in the case of a Commitment Increase under the Term Commitments, each Assuming Lender and Increasing Lender shall on such
Commitment Increase Date make available their respective Term Loans to the Borrower pursuant to procedures reasonably established by the Administrative Agent. 

Promptly following satisfaction of such conditions, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of such Class (including any Assuming
Lenders) thereof and of the occurrence of the Commitment Increase Date by facsimile transmission or electronic messaging system. 

(iii) Recordation into Register. Upon its receipt of a Commitment Increase Supplement executed by an Assuming Lender or
any Increasing Lender, and, if applicable, upon the making of any Incremental Term Loan pursuant to clause (ii)(C), together with the certificate referred to in clause (ii)(x) above, the Administrative Agent shall, if such agreement has
been completed, (x) accept such agreement, (y) record the information contained therein, and, if applicable, the Incremental Term Loans, in the Register and (z) give prompt notice thereof to the Borrower. 

77 

(iv) Adjustments of Borrowings upon Effectiveness of Increase. In the
case of a Commitment Increase under the Revolving Commitments, on each Commitment Increase Date, the Borrower shall (A) prepay the outstanding Revolving Loans (if any) of the affected Class in full, (B) simultaneously borrow new
Revolving Loans of such Class hereunder in an amount equal to such prepayment (which may also include the amount of any fees, expenses or amounts due by the Borrower on or prior to the Commitment Increase Date assuming that the Borrower has
submitted a request for Borrowing for such amounts in accordance with Section 2.03); provided that, with respect to subclauses (A) and (B), (x) the prepayment to, and borrowing from, any
existing Revolving Lender shall be effected by book entry to the extent that any portion of the amount prepaid to such Revolving Lender will be subsequently borrowed from such Revolving Lender and (y) the existing Revolving Lenders, the
Increasing Lenders and the Assuming Lenders shall make and receive payments among themselves, in a manner acceptable to the Administrative Agent, so that, after giving effect thereto, the Revolving Loans of such Class are held ratably by the
Revolving Lenders of such Class in accordance with the respective Revolving Commitments of such Class of such Revolving Lenders (after giving effect to such Commitment Increase) and (C) pay to the Revolving Lenders of such
Class the amounts, if any, payable under Section 2.15 as a result of any such prepayment. Concurrently therewith, the Revolving Lenders of such Class shall be deemed to have adjusted their participation interests
in any outstanding Letters of Credit of such Class so that such interests are held ratably in accordance with their Revolving Commitments of such Class as so increased. 

(v) Terms of Loans Issued on the Commitment Increase Date. The terms and provisions of any new Loans issued by any
Assuming Lender or Increasing Lender, and the Commitment Increase of any Assuming Lender or Increasing Lender, (A) in the case of a Commitment Increase under the Revolving Commitments, shall be identical to the terms and provisions of Loans
issued by, and the Commitments of, the Revolving Lenders immediately prior to the applicable Commitment Increase Date (except that any upfront or similar one-time fee may be different) and (B) in the case
of a Commitment Increase consisting of the creation of a new Class of Incremental Term Loans the terms and provisions of such Incremental Term Loans shall be as set forth herein (except that any upfront or similar
one-time fee may be separately agreed). 

SECTION 2.09. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of
Debt. 

(a) Repayment. The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay the Loans of each Class as follows: 

(i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders of such Class the outstanding principal amount of the
Syndicated Loans of such Class and all other amounts due and owing hereunder and under the other Loan Documents on the Final Maturity Date; and 

78 

(ii) to the applicable Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of
each Swingline Loan of each Class of Commitment denominated in Dollars made by such Swingline Lender, on the earlier of the Commitment Termination Date and the third (3rd) Business Day
following the making of such Swingline Loan (it being agreed that, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, (i) the Borrower may request a Syndicated Borrowing to repay any Swingline Loan when due and (ii) a Swingline Loan
may not be refinanced with another Swingline Loan). 

In addition, on the Commitment Termination Date, the Borrower shall deposit Cash into
the Letter of Credit Collateral Account (denominated in the Currency of the Letter of Credit under which such LC Exposure arises) in an amount equal to 100% of the undrawn face amount of all Letters of Credit outstanding on the close of business on
the Commitment Termination Date, such deposit to be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral security for the LC Exposure under this Agreement in respect of the undrawn portion of such Letters of Credit. 

(b) Manner of Payment. Prior to any repayment or prepayment of any Borrowings to any Lenders of any Class of Commitment hereunder,
the Borrower shall select the Borrowing or Borrowings of such Class to be paid and shall notify the Administrative Agent by e-mail of such selection not later than the time set forth in
Section 2.10(e) prior to the scheduled date of such repayment; provided that each repayment of Borrowings in Dollars to any Lenders of a Class shall be applied to repay any outstanding ABR Borrowings of such
Class before any other Borrowings of such Class. If the Borrower fails to make a timely selection of the Borrowing or Borrowings to be repaid or prepaid, such payment shall be applied to repay Borrowings in the same Currency and, solely in the
case of any such payment in Dollars, first, to pay any outstanding ABR Borrowings of the applicable Class and, second, to other Borrowings of such Class in the order of the remaining duration of their respective Interest Periods (the
Borrowing with the shortest remaining Interest Period to be repaid first). Each payment of a Syndicated Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in such Borrowing and each payment of a Pro-Rata
Borrowing shall be applied ratably between the Dollar Loans and Multicurrency Loans included in such Pro-Rata Borrowing. 

(c) Maintenance of Records by Lenders. Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice records evidencing the
indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts and Currency of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 

(d) Maintenance of Records by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall maintain records in which it shall record
(i) the amount and Currency of each Loan made hereunder, the Class and Type thereof and each Interest Period therefor, (ii) the amount and Currency of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the
Borrower to each Lender of such Class of Commitment hereunder and (iii) the amount and Currency of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lenders share thereof. 

(e) Effect of Entries. The entries made in the records maintained pursuant to paragraph (c) or (d) of this
Section 2.09 shall be primafacie evidence, absent manifest error, of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative
Agent to maintain such records or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

79 

(f) Promissory Notes. Any Lender may request that Loans of any Class made by it
be evidenced by a promissory note; in such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and
substantially in the form of Exhibit F hereto or such other form reasonably satisfactory to or approved by the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including
after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its
registered assigns). 

SECTION 2.10. Prepayment of Loans. 

(a) Optional Prepayments. The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in
part, without premium or penalty except for payments under Section 2.15, subject to the requirements of this Section 2.10. 

(b) Mandatory Prepayments due to Changes in Exchange Rates. 

(i) Determination of Amount Outstanding. On each Quarterly Payment Date and such additional dates (occurring no more
frequently than once in any rolling three month period) as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably and in good faith determine, the Administrative Agent shall determine the aggregate Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure. For the purpose of this
determination, the outstanding principal amount of any Loan that is denominated in any Foreign Currency shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the amount in the Foreign Currency of such Loan, determined as of such Quarterly Payment Date or,
in the case of a Currency Valuation Notice received by the Administrative Agent prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on a Business Day, on such Business Day or, in the case of a Currency Valuation Notice otherwise received, on the first Business
Day after such Currency Valuation Notice is received. Upon making such determination, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Multicurrency Lenders and the Borrower thereof. 

(ii) Prepayment. If on the date of such determination the aggregate Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure minus
the Multicurrency LC Exposure fully Cash Collateralized on such date exceeds 105% of the aggregate amount of the Multicurrency Commitments as then in effect, the Borrower shall prepay, without premium or penalty except for payments under
Section 2.15, the Multicurrency Loans (and/or provide Cash Collateral for Multicurrency LC Exposure as specified in Section 2.05(k)) within fifteen (15) Business Days following the
Borrowers receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent pursuant to clause (b)(i) above in such amounts as shall be necessary so that after giving effect thereto the aggregate Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure does not exceed
the Multicurrency Commitments. 

Any prepayment pursuant to this paragraph (b) shall be applied, first, to Syndicated
Multicurrency Loans outstanding and second, as cover for Multicurrency LC Exposure. 

80 

(c) Mandatory Prepayments due to Borrowing Base Deficiency or Contingent Borrowing Base
Deficiency. 

(i) In the event that at any time any Borrowing Base Deficiency shall exist, the Borrower shall, within
five (5) Business Days after delivery of the applicable Borrowing Base Certificate, prepay, without premium or penalty except for payments under Section 2.15, the Revolving Loans (or provide Cash Collateral for Letters
of Credit as contemplated by Section 2.05(k)), include additional Portfolio Investments that are in the Collateral Pool in the Borrowing Base or reduce Other Covered Indebtedness or any other Indebtedness that is
included in the Covered Debt Amount at such time in such amounts as shall be necessary so that such Borrowing Base Deficiency is cured; provided that (i) the aggregate amount of such prepayment of Revolving Loans (and Cash Collateral for
Letters of Credit) shall be at least equal to the Revolving Percentage times the aggregate prepayment of the Covered Debt Amount, and (ii) if, within five (5) Business Days after delivery of a Borrowing Base Certificate demonstrating
such Borrowing Base Deficiency, the Borrower shall present the Administrative Agent with a reasonably feasible plan to enable such Borrowing Base Deficiency to be cured within thirty (30) Business Days (which thirty (30)-Business Day period
shall include the five Business Days permitted for delivery of such plan), then such prepayment, reduction or addition of assets to the Borrowing Base shall not be required to be effected immediately but may be effected in accordance with such plan
(with such modifications as the Borrower may reasonably determine), so long as such Borrowing Base Deficiency is cured within such thirty (30)-Business Day period; provided, further, that solely to the extent such Borrowing Base
Deficiency is due to a failure to satisfy the requirements of Section 5.13(f) as a consequence of a change in either (x) the ratio of the Gross Borrowing Base to the Senior Debt Amount or (y) the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio from one
quarterly period to the next, such thirty (30) Business Day period shall be extended to a forty-five (45) Business Day period solely with respect to compliance with Section 5.13(f). 

(ii) In the event that at any time any Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency shall exist, the Borrower shall, within five
(5) Business Days after delivery of the applicable Borrowing Base Certificate, prepay, without premium or penalty except for payments under Section 2.15, the Revolving Loans (or provide Cash Collateral for Letters of
Credit as contemplated by Section 2.05(k)), include additional Portfolio Investments that are in the Collateral Pool in the Borrowing Base or reduce Other Covered Indebtedness or any other Indebtedness that is included
in the Covered Debt Amount at such time or otherwise remedy the Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency in such amounts as shall be necessary so that such Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency is cured; provided that (i) the aggregate amount
of such prepayment of Revolving Loans (and Cash Collateral for Letters of Credit) shall be at least equal to the Revolving Percentage times the aggregate prepayment of the Covered Debt Amount and Contingent Secured Indebtedness, and
(ii) if, within five (5) Business Days after delivery of a Borrowing Base Certificate demonstrating such Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency, the Borrower shall present the Administrative Agent with a reasonably feasible plan to enable
such Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency to be cured within thirty (30) Business Days (which thirty (30)-Business Day period shall include the five Business Days permitted for delivery of such plan), then such prepayment, reduction or addition
of assets to the Borrowing Base shall not be 

81 

required to be effected immediately but may be effected in accordance with such plan (with such modifications as the Borrower may reasonably determine), so long as such Contingent Borrowing Base
Deficiency is cured within such thirty (30)-Business Day period; provided, further, that solely to the extent such Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency is due to a failure to satisfy the requirements of Section 5.13(f) as a
consequence of a change in either (x) the ratio of the Gross Borrowing Base to the Senior Debt Amount or (y) the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio from one quarterly period to the next, such thirty (30) Business Day period shall be
extended to a forty-five (45) Business Day period solely with respect to compliance with Section 5.13(f). 

(d) Mandatory
Prepayments During Amortization Period. During the period commencing on the date immediately following the Commitment Termination Date and ending on the Final Maturity Date: 

(i) Asset Disposition. If the Borrower or any other Obligor Disposes of any property which results in the receipt by
such Person of Net Cash Proceeds in excess of $2,000,000 in the aggregate since the Commitment Termination Date, the Borrower shall prepay, without premium or penalty except for payments under Section 2.15, an aggregate
principal amount of Loans equal to 100% of such Net Cash Proceeds no later than the fifth Business Day following the receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds (such prepayments to be applied as set forth in Section 2.09(b)). 

(ii) Equity Issuance. Upon the sale or issuance by the Borrower or any other Obligor of any of its Equity Interests
(other than (x) any sales or issuances of Equity Interests to the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor or (y) pursuant to any distribution or dividend reinvestment plan), the Borrower shall prepay, without premium or penalty except for
payments under Section 2.15, an aggregate principal amount of Loans equal to 75% of all Net Cash Proceeds received therefrom no later than the fifth Business Day following the receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds (such
prepayments to be applied as set forth in Section 2.09(b)). 

(iii) Indebtedness. Upon the
incurrence or issuance by the Borrower or any other Obligor of any Indebtedness (excluding any Permitted Advisor Loan), the Borrower shall prepay, without premium or penalty except for payments under Section 2.15, an
aggregate principal amount of Loans equal to 100% of all Net Cash Proceeds (excluding any portion of such proceeds required to be paid by such Obligor pursuant to a concurrent
Back-to-Back Transaction) received therefrom no later than the fifth Business Day following the receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds (such prepayments to be applied as set
forth in Section 2.09(b)). 

(iv) Extraordinary Receipt. Upon any Extraordinary Receipt
(which, when taken with all other Extraordinary Receipts received after the Commitment Termination Date, exceeds $5,000,000 in the aggregate) received by or paid to or for the account of the Borrower or any other Obligor and not otherwise included
in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of this Section 2.10(d), the Borrower shall prepay, without premium or penalty except for payments under Section 2.15, an aggregate principal
amount of Loans equal to 100% of all Net Cash Proceeds received therefrom no later than the fifth Business Day following the receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds (such prepayments to be applied as set forth in
Section 2.09(b)). 

82 

(v) Return of Capital. If any Obligor shall receive any Return of
Capital, and is not otherwise included in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) of this Section 2.10(d) (other than from any other Obligor or pursuant to any Back-to-Back Transaction or arising from any Transferred Assets), the Borrower shall prepay, without premium or penalty except for payments under Section 2.15, an aggregate principal
amount of Loans equal to 90% of such Return of Capital (excluding amounts payable by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.15) no later than the fifth Business Day following the receipt of such Return of Capital (such
prepayments to be applied as set forth in Section 2.09(b)). 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, (I) Net
Cash Proceeds and Return of Capital required to be applied to the prepayment of the Loans pursuant to this Section 2.10(d) shall (A) be applied in accordance with the Guarantee and Security Agreement and
(B) exclude the amount necessary for the Borrower to make all required dividends and distributions (which shall be no less than the amount estimated in good faith by Borrower under Section 6.05(b) herein) to maintain
the status of a RIC under the Code and its election to be treated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act for so long as the Borrower retains such status and to avoid payment by the Borrower of federal income
and excise Taxes imposed by Section 4982 of the Code for so long as the Borrower retains the status of a RIC under the Code, and (II) if the Loans to be prepaid pursuant to this Section 2.10(d) are Term Benchmark
Loans, the Borrower may defer such prepayment until the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loans, so long as the Borrower deposits an amount equal to such Net Cash Proceeds, no later than the fifth Business Day following the receipt
of such Net Cash Proceeds, into a segregated collateral account in the name and under the dominion and control of the Administrative Agent, pending application of such amount to the prepayment of the Loans on the last day of such Interest Period;
provided, further, that the Administrative Agent may direct the application of such deposits as set forth in Section 2.09(b) at any time and if the Administrative Agent does so, no amounts will be payable by
the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.15. 

(e) Notices, Etc. The Borrower shall notify the Administrative
Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan made by a Swingline Lender, such Swingline Lender) by e-mail of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayment of a Term Benchmark
Borrowing denominated in Dollars (other than in the case of a prepayment pursuant to Section 2.10(d)), not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of prepayment, (ii) in the case
of prepayment of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency (other than in the case of a prepayment pursuant to Section 2.10(d)), not later than 11:00 a.m., Applicable Time, four Business Days before the
date of prepayment, (iii) in the case of prepayment of a RFR Borrowing (other than in the case of a prepayment pursuant to Section 2.10(d)), not later than 11:00 a.m., London time, four Business Days before the date of
prepayment, (iv) in the case of prepayment of a Syndicated ABR Borrowing (other than in the case of a prepayment pursuant to Section 2.10(d)), not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, one Business Day before the
date of prepayment, (v) in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of prepayment, or (vi) in the case of any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.10(d),
not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, one Business Day before the date of prepayment or, in each case of the notice periods described in this 

83 

paragraph (e), such lesser period as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date, the principal amount of each
Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid and, in the case of a mandatory prepayment, a reasonably detailed calculation of the amount of such prepayment; provided that, if (i) a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a
conditional notice of termination or reduction of the Commitments of a Class as contemplated by Section 2.08, then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with
Section 2.08 and (ii) any notice given in connection with Section 2.10(d) may be conditioned on the consummation of the applicable transaction contemplated by such Section and the receipt by
the Borrower or any such Subsidiary (other than a Financing Subsidiary) of Net Cash Proceeds. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Syndicated Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the affected Lenders of the
contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of a Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02 or in the case of a Swingline Loan, as
provided in Section 2.04, except as necessary to apply fully the required amount of a mandatory prepayment or scheduled payment. Each prepayment of a Syndicated Borrowing of a Class of Commitments shall be applied
ratably to the Loans held by the Lenders of such Class included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.12 and shall be made in the manner
specified in Section 2.09(b). 

SECTION 2.11. Fees. 

(a) Commitment Fee. The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender a commitment fee,
which shall accrue at a rate per annum equal to 0.375% on the daily unused amount of the Dollar Commitment and Multicurrency Commitment, as applicable, of such Revolving Lender during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding
the earlier of the date such Revolving Commitment terminates and the Commitment Termination Date. Commitment fees accrued to but excluding each Quarterly Payment Date shall be payable in arrears on such Quarterly Payment Date (commencing on the
first such date to occur after the Effective Date) and on the earlier of the date the Revolving Commitments of the respective Class terminate and the Commitment Termination Date. All commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of
360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). For purposes of computing commitment fees, (i) the daily unused amount of the applicable Revolving Commitment shall be
determined as of the end of each day and (ii) the Revolving Commitment of any Class of a Revolving Lender shall be deemed to be used to the extent of the outstanding Revolving Loans and LC Exposure of such Class of such Revolving
Lender (and the outstanding Swingline Loans of such Revolving Lender shall be disregarded for such purpose). 

(b) Letter of Credit
Fees. The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit of each Class of Commitments, which shall accrue at a
rate per annum equal to the Applicable Margin applicable to interest on Term Benchmark Loans on the average daily amount of such Revolving Lenders LC Exposure of such Class (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC
Disbursements), following receipt of an invoice from the Administrative Agent, during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Revolving Lenders Revolving Commitment of such Class

84 

terminates and the date on which such Revolving Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure of such Class, and (ii) to each Issuing Bank a fronting fee, which shall accrue at the rate equal to
0.25% per annum on the daily maximum amount of the LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) applicable to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank during the period from and including the
Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Revolving Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure, as well as each Issuing Banks standard fees with respect to the issuance, amendment,
renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Participation fees and fronting fees accrued to but excluding each Quarterly Payment Date shall be payable on such Quarterly Payment Date, commencing on the first
such date to occur after the Effective Date; provided that, all such fees with respect to the Letters of Credit shall be payable on the Termination Date and the Borrower shall pay any such fees that have accrued and that are unpaid on the
Termination Date and, in the event any Letters of Credit shall be outstanding that have expiration dates after the Termination Date, the Borrower shall prepay on the Termination Date the full amount of the participation and fronting fees that will
accrue on such Letters of Credit subsequent to the Termination Date to but excluding the date such outstanding Letters of Credit are scheduled to expire (and, in that connection, the Revolving Lenders agree not later than the date five
(5) Business Days after the date upon which the last such Letter of Credit shall expire or be terminated to rebate to the Borrower the excess, if any, of the aggregate participation and fronting fees that have been prepaid by the Borrower over
the sum of the amount of such fees that ultimately accrue through the date of such expiration or termination and the aggregate amount of all other unpaid obligations hereunder at such time). Any other fees payable to an Issuing Bank pursuant to this
paragraph (b) shall be payable within ten (10) Business Days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including
the first day but excluding the last day). Any fees representing the Borrowers reimbursement obligations of expenses, to the extent the requirements of an invoice are not otherwise specified in this Agreement, shall be due (subject to the
other terms and conditions contained herein) within ten (10) Business Days of the date that the Borrower receives from the Administrative Agent a reasonably detailed invoice for such reimbursement obligations. 

(c) Administrative Agent Fees. The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts
and at the times separately agreed upon between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 

(d) Payment of Fees. All fees payable
hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in Dollars (or, at the election of the Borrower with respect to any fees payable to an Issuing Bank on account of Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank in any Foreign Currency, in such Foreign
Currency) and immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to the applicable Issuing Bank, in the case of fees payable to it) for distribution, in the case of commitment fees and participation fees, to the Lenders entitled thereto.
Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances absent manifest error. 

85 

SECTION 2.12. Interest. 

(a) ABR Loans. The Loans constituting each ABR Borrowing (including each Swingline Loan) shall bear interest at a rate per annum
equal to the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin. 

(b) Term Benchmark Loans. The Loans constituting each Term
Benchmark Borrowing shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate for the related Interest Period for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Margin. 

(c) RFR Loans. The Loans constituting each RFR Borrowing shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Daily Simple RFR
plus the Applicable Margin. 

(d) Default Interest. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan
or any fee or other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is not paid when due (after giving effect to any grace or cure period), whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration, by mandatory prepayment or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear
interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, 2% plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided above, (ii) in the case of any other amount,
2% plus (x) if such other amount is denominated in Dollars, the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in Section 2.12(a), (y) if such other amount is denominated in a Foreign Currency (other than GBP),
the rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans as provided in Section 2.12(b) or (z) if such other amount is denominated in GBP, the rate applicable to RFR Loans as provided in Section 2.12(c).

(e) Payment of Interest. Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan in
the Currency in which such Loan is denominated and, in the case of Loans, upon the Termination Date; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section 2.12 shall be payable on demand,
(ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of a Syndicated ABR Loan prior to the Final Maturity Date), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such
repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars prior to the end of the Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Borrowing shall be payable on the effective date
of such conversion. 

(f) Computation. All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that
interest computed (i) by reference to the Alternate Base Rate at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate and (ii) on Multicurrency Loans denominated in Sterling shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or
366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Alternate Base Rate, Daily Simple RFR or Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate shall be
determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with this Agreement and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

SECTION 2.13. Inability to Determine Interest Rates. Subject to Section 2.20, if (i) prior to the commencement of any
Interest Period for any Term Benchmark Borrowing of a Class or (ii) at any time for a RFR Borrowing (the Currency of such Borrowing herein called the Affected Currency): 

86 

(i) (A) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Administrative
Agent shall have determined in good faith (which determination shall be conclusive and binding upon the Borrower absent manifest error) that the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate for the Affected Currency cannot be determined pursuant to the definition
thereof for such Interest Period or (B) in the case of a RFR Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall have determined in good faith (which determination shall be conclusive and binding upon the Borrower absent manifest error) that the Daily
Simple RFR for the Affected Currency cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof; or 

(ii) (A) in the case
of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Required Lenders of such Class of Commitments or, in the case of a Pro-Rata Borrowing, the Required Lenders,
that the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate for the Affected Currency for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making, funding or maintaining their respective Loans included in such Borrowing for such
Interest Period or (B) in the case of a RFR Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Required Multicurrency Lenders that the Daily Simple RFR for the Affected Currency will not adequately and fairly reflect the
cost to such Lenders of making, funding or maintaining the Loans included in such RFR Borrowing; 

then the Administrative Agent shall give written notice
thereof (or telephonic notice, promptly confirmed in writing) to the Borrower and the affected Lenders as promptly as practicable thereafter identifying the relevant provision above. Until the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the
Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (i) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Syndicated Borrowing to, or the continuation of any Syndicated Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark
Borrowing denominated in the Affected Currency shall be ineffective and, if the Affected Currency is Dollars, such Syndicated Borrowing (unless prepaid) shall be continued as, or converted to, a Syndicated ABR Borrowing at the end of the
applicable Interest Period, (ii) if the Affected Currency is Dollars and any Borrowing Request requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, such Borrowing shall be made as a Syndicated ABR Borrowing, (iii) if the Affected
Currency is a Foreign Currency other than Canadian Dollars, (A) any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing denominated in the Affected Currency shall be made as a Term Benchmark Borrowing with a Term
Benchmark Rate equal to the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency; provided, that if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate
for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency cannot be determined, such Borrowing Request shall be ineffective, and (B) any outstanding Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing in the Affected Currency, at the Borrowers election shall
either (1) be converted to a Term Benchmark Borrowing with a Term Benchmark Rate equal to the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be
conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency cannot be determined, such Borrowing shall be converted into a Syndicated ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to
the 

87 

Dollar Equivalent of such Affected Currency) immediately in the case of an RFR Borrowing or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, at the end of the applicable Interest Period, (2) be
converted into a Syndicated ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Affected Currency) immediately in the case of an RFR Borrowing or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, at the end of the
applicable Interest Period, or (3) be prepaid in full immediately in the case of an RFR Borrowing or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, at the end of the applicable Interest Period, and (iv) if the Affected Currency is Canadian
Dollars, (A) any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars shall be made as a Term Benchmark Borrowing with a Term Benchmark Rate equal to the Canadian Prime Rate; provided, that if the
Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Canadian Prime Rate cannot be determined, such Borrowing Request shall be ineffective, and (B) any outstanding Term Benchmark
Borrowing in Canadian Dollars, at the Borrowers election, shall either (1) be converted to a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars with a Term Benchmark Rate equal to the Canadian Prime Rate at the end of applicable
Interest Period; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Canadian Prime Rate cannot be determined, such Borrowing shall be converted into a Syndicated
ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Affected Currency) at the end of the applicable Interest Period, (2) be converted into a Syndicated ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount
equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Affected Currency) at the end of the applicable Interest Period, or (3) be prepaid in full at the end of the applicable Interest Period; provided that if no election is made by the Borrower by the
date that is three Business Days after receipt by the Borrower of such notice or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Term Benchmark Loan, if earlier, the Borrower shall be deemed
to have elected clause (iii)(B)(1) or (iv)(B)(1) above, as applicable. 

SECTION 2.14. Increased Costs. 

(a) Increased Costs Generally. If any Change in Law shall: 

(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve (including pursuant to regulations issued from time to time by the Board for
determining the maximum reserve requirement (including any emergency, special, supplemental, or other marginal reserve requirement)) with respect to eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities in Regulation
D), special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender or any Issuing Bank (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the
Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate); or 

(ii) impose on the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank or the relevant
interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Other Taxes, (C) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (D) Other
Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Term Benchmark Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation
therein; 

88 

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting
to, continuing or maintaining any Term Benchmark Loan (or any Loan, if such increase is in respect of Taxes) (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender or such Issuing Bank of participating
in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or such Issuing Bank hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then, upon the request of such Lender or such
Issuing Bank, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, in Dollars, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or
reduction suffered (provided that, such amounts shall be consistent with amounts that such Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, is generally charging other borrowers similarly situated). 

(b) Capital and Liquidity Requirements. If any Lender or any Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or
liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders or such Issuing Banks capital or on the capital of such Lenders or such Issuing Banks holding company, if any, as a
consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lenders
or such Issuing Banks holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders or such Issuing Banks policies and the policies of such Lenders or such Issuing Banks holding
company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity requirements), by an amount deemed to be material by such Lender or such Issuing Bank, then, upon the request of such Lender or such Issuing Bank, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such
Issuing Bank, as the case may be, in Dollars, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lenders or such Issuing Banks holding company for any such reduction suffered (provided
that, such amounts shall be consistent with amounts that such Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, is generally charging other borrowers similarly situated). 

(c) Certificates from Lenders. A certificate of a Lender or an Issuing Bank setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for and the
calculation of the amount or amounts, in Dollars, necessary to compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 2.14 shall be
promptly delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) Business Days after
receipt thereof. 

(d) Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any Issuing Bank to demand compensation
pursuant to this Section 2.14 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders or such Issuing Banks right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an Issuing Bank
pursuant to this Section 2.14 for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than six months prior to the date that such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such
increased costs or reductions and of such Lenders or such Issuing Banks intention to claim compensation therefor; provided, further, that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is
retroactive, then the six-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 

89 

SECTION 2.15. Break Funding Payments. In the event of (a) the payment of any
principal of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period therefor (including as a result of the occurrence of any Commitment Increase Date or an Event of Default), (b) the conversion of any Term Benchmark Loan other
than on the last day of an Interest Period therefor, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Syndicated Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (including, in connection with any Commitment Increase
Date, and regardless of whether such notice is permitted to be revocable under Section 2.10(e) and is revoked in accordance herewith), or (d) the assignment as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to
Section 2.18(b) of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period therefor, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each affected Lender for such Lenders loss, cost and
reasonable expense attributable to such event (excluding loss of anticipated profits). In the case of a Term Benchmark Loan, the loss to any Lender attributable to any such event shall be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be
equal to the excess, if any, of: 

(i) the amount of interest that such Lender would pay for a deposit equal to the
principal amount of such Loan denominated in the Currency of such Loan for the period from the date of such payment, conversion, failure or assignment to the last day of the then current Interest Period for such Loan (or, in the case of a failure to
borrow, convert or continue, the duration of the Interest Period that would have resulted from such borrowing, conversion or continuation) if the interest rate payable on such deposit were equal to the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate for such
Currency for such Interest Period, over

(ii) the amount of interest that such Lender would earn on such principal
amount for such period if such Lender were to invest such principal amount for such period at the interest rate that would be bid by such Lender (or an affiliate of such Lender) for deposits denominated in such Currency from other banks in the
relevant interbank market for the applicable Term Benchmark Rate at the commencement of such period. 

Payment under this Section 2.15 shall be
made upon written request of a Lender delivered not later than ten (10) Business Days following the payment, conversion, or failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay that gives rise to a claim under this Section 2.15 accompanied
by a certificate of such Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for and the calculation of the amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 2.15, which certificate shall be conclusive absent
manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) Business Days after receipt thereof. 

SECTION 2.16. Taxes. 

(a)
Payments Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any Taxes, except as required by applicable
law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent); provided that if the Borrower shall be required to deduct any Taxes from such payments, then (i) if such Taxes are Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable
shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.16) the Administrative Agent, applicable Lender or applicable Issuing Bank (as
the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the Borrower shall make such deductions and (iii) the Borrower shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant
Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. 

90 

(b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower. In addition, the Borrower shall timely
pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of any Other Taxes. 

(c) Indemnification by the Borrower. The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Issuing Bank for and,
within 10 Business Days after written demand therefor, pay the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this
Section 2.16) paid by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or
Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority, except to the extent that any such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes arise as a result of the fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct of the
Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as applicable. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender or an Issuing Bank, or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on
behalf of a Lender or an Issuing Bank, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(d) Indemnification by the Lenders. Each Lender
shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within ten (10) Business Days after written demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already
indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of
Section 9.04(f) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register, and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any
Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or
liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan
Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (d). 

(e) Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes described in paragraph (a), Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes
by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such
payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

91 

(f) Tax Documentation. (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or
reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents, shall deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at the time or times prescribed by applicable law or reasonably
requested by the Borrower, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a
reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent
as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the
completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Sections 2.16(f)(ii), 2.16(f)(iii) and 2.16(g) below) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such
completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing: 

(A) any Lender that is a United States Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (and such additional
copies as shall be reasonably requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent),
duly completed and executed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 or any successor form certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; and 

(B) each Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or about the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the
Administrative Agent, but only if such Foreign Lender is legally entitled to do so), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(w) duly completed and executed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E or any successor form claiming eligibility for benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party, 

(x) duly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI or any successor form
certifying that the income receivable pursuant to this Agreement is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States, 

92 

(y) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption
for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (1) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not (1) a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (2) a
10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or (3) a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (2) duly
completed and executed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or any successor form) certifying that
the Foreign Lender is not a United States Person, or 

(z) any other form including Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY as applicable prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax duly completed together with such supplementary documentation as may be
prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made. 

(iii)
Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing
of its legal inability to do so. 

(g) Documentation Required by FATCA. If a payment made to a Lender under this Agreement would be
subject to withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall
deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as
prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their
respective obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this Section 2.16(g), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the
date of this Agreement. 

(h) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank determines,
in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this
Section 2.16, it shall pay to the Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section 2.16
with respect to the Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing
Bank, as the case may be, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund); provided that the Borrower, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any
Issuing Bank agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or 

93 

other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank in the event the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank is
required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this clause (h), in no event will the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank be required to pay any amount to Borrower
pursuant to this paragraph (h), the payment of which would place such Person in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Person would have been in if the indemnification payments or additional
amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank to make available its tax returns or its books or records (or any other information
relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. 

(i) Each partys obligations under this
Section shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments, the expiration or cancellation of all Letters of Credit and the
repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 

SECTION 2.17. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment:
Sharing of Set-offs. 

(a) Payments by the Borrower. The Borrower shall make each payment
required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or under Section 2.14, 2.15 or 2.16, or otherwise) or under any other Loan Document (except
to the extent otherwise provided therein) prior to (i) with respect to any payment made in Dollars, 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on the date when due, and (ii) with respect to any payment made in any Foreign Currency, 8:00 a.m.New York City time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may,
in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative
Agents Account, except as otherwise expressly provided in the relevant Loan Document and except payments to be made directly to any Issuing Bank or any Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and payments pursuant to Sections
2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 9.03, which shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate
recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day and, in the case of any payment accruing interest,
interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. 

All amounts owing under this Agreement (including commitment fees,
payments required under Section 2.14, and payments required under Section 2.15 relating to any Loan denominated in Dollars, but not including principal of, and interest on, any Loan denominated in
any Foreign Currency or payments relating to any such Loan required under Section 2.15, or any reimbursement or Cash Collateralization of any LC Exposure denominated in any Foreign Currency, which are payable in such
Foreign Currency) or under any other Loan Document (except to the extent otherwise provided therein) are payable in Dollars. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or LC Disbursement when
due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration, by mandatory prepayment or otherwise), the unpaid portion of such Loan or LC Disbursement shall, if such Loan or LC Disbursement is not denominated in

94 

Dollars, automatically be redenominated in Dollars on the due date thereof (or, if such due date is a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor, on the last day of such Interest
Period) in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent thereof on the date of such redenomination and such principal shall be payable on demand; and if the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or LC Disbursement that is not
denominated in Dollars, such interest shall automatically be redenominated in Dollars on the due date therefor (or, if such due date is a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor, on the last day of such Interest Period) in
an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent thereof on the date of such redenomination and such interest shall be payable on demand. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.17, if, after the making of any Borrowing in any Foreign Currency, currency
control or exchange regulations are imposed in the country which issues such currency with the result that the type of Currency in which the Borrowing was made (the Original Currency) no longer exists or the Borrower is not able
to make payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders in such Original Currency, then all payments to be made by the Borrower hereunder in such currency shall instead be made when due in Dollars in an amount equal to the Dollar
Equivalent (as of the date of repayment) of such payment due, it being the intention of the parties hereto that the Borrower takes all risks of the imposition of any such currency control or exchange regulations. 

(b) Application of Insufficient Payments. If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to
pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements, interest and fees of a Class of Commitments then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, to pay interest and fees of such Class then due hereunder,
ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees of such Class then due to such parties, and (ii) second, to pay principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements of such Class then due
hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements of such Class then due to such parties. 

(c) Pro Rata Treatment. Except to the extent otherwise provided herein: (i) each Syndicated Borrowing of a Class shall be made
from the Lenders of such Class of Commitments, each payment of commitment fee under Section 2.11 shall be made for the account of the Lenders pro rata according to the average daily unutilized amounts of the respective
Class of Commitments, and each termination or reduction of the amount of the Commitments of a Class of Commitments under Section 2.08 shall be applied to the respective Commitments of the Lenders of such
Class of Commitments, pro rata according to the amounts of their respective Commitments of such Class of Commitments; (ii) each Syndicated Borrowing of a Class of Commitments shall be allocated pro rata among the Lenders of such
Class of Commitment according to the amounts of their respective Commitments of such Class (in the case of the making of Syndicated Loans) or their respective Loans of such Class that are to be included in such Borrowing (in the case
of conversions and continuations of Loans); (iii) each payment or prepayment of principal of Syndicated Loans of a Class of Commitments by the Borrower shall be made for the account of the Lenders of such Class of Commitments pro rata
in accordance with the respective unpaid principal amounts of the Syndicated Loans of such Class of Commitments held by them; and (iv) each payment of interest on Syndicated Loans of a Class of Commitments by the Borrower shall be
made for the account of the Lenders of such Class of Commitments pro rata in accordance with the amounts of interest on such Loans of such Class of Commitments then due and payable to the respective Lenders. 

95 

(d) Sharing of Payments by Lenders. If any Lender of any Class of Commitment
shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Syndicated Loans, or participations in LC Disbursements, of such
Class resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Syndicated Loans, and participations in LC Disbursements, and accrued interest thereon of such Class then due than the proportion
received by any other Lender of such Class, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Syndicated Loans, and participations in LC Disbursements, of other Lenders of such
Class to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders of such Class ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Syndicated Loans,
and participations in LC Disbursements, of such Class; provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the
purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph (d) shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express
terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any
Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph (d) shall apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a
participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of
the Borrower in the amount of such participation. 

(e) Presumptions of Payment. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received
notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that
the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made
such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or such Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each
day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent at the Federal Funds Effective Rate. 

(f) Certain Deductions by the Administrative Agent. If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to
Section 2.04(c), 2.05(e), 2.06(a) or (b) or 2.17(e), then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts
thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lenders obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid. 

96 

SECTION 2.18. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders. 

(a) Designation of a Different Lending Office. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.14, or if
the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.16, then, at the request of the Borrower, such
Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if in the reasonable judgment
of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.14 or 2.16, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any
cost or expense not actually reimbursed or required to be reimbursed, by the Borrower and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection
with any such designation or assignment. 

(b) Replacement of Lenders. If any Lender requests compensation under
Section 2.14, or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.16,
and, in each case, such Lender has not designated a different lending office in accordance with clause (a) above, or if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender or is a Non-Consenting Lender (as
provided in Section 9.02(d)), then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with
and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may
be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that, (i) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and, if a Revolving Commitment is being assigned, each Issuing Bank and
each Swingline Lender), which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, conditioned or delayed, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements,
accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts then owed to
such Lender) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.14 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.16, such
assignment is reasonably expected at the time of such assignment request to result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if prior thereto, as a result of a waiver
by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 

SECTION
2.19. Defaulting Lenders. 

(a) Defaulting Lender Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law: 

97 

(i) Defaulting Lender Waterfall. Any payment of principal, interest,
fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VII or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting
Lender pursuant to Section 9.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the
Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Issuing Bank or any Swingline Lender hereunder; third, to Cash Collateralize each Issuing Banks
Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in the manner described in Section 2.09(a); fourth, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect
of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit
account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lenders potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize each Issuing Banks future Fronting
Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in the manner described in Section 2.09(a); sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the
Lenders, Issuing Banks or Swingline Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any Swingline Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders
breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh, so long as no Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower
against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided
that, if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or reimbursement obligations in respect of any LC Disbursement for which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were
made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and reimbursement obligations in
respect of any LC Disbursement that is owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or reimbursement obligations in respect of any LC
Disbursement that is owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the applicable Commitments without giving effect to
Section 2.19(a)(iii). Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this
Section 2.19(a)(i) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 

(ii) Certain Fees. 

98 

(A) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any fee pursuant to
Sections 2.11(a) and (b) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting
Lender); provided that such Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive fees pursuant to Section 2.11(b) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to extent allocable to its Applicable
Revolving Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which such Defaulting Lender (but not the Borrower) has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.19(d). 

(B) With respect to any fees pursuant to Section 2.11(b) not required to be paid to any Defaulting
Lender pursuant to clause (A) above, the Borrower shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such
Defaulting Lenders participation in Letters of Credit that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iii) below, (y) pay to each Issuing Bank the amount of any
such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such Issuing Banks Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. 

(iii) Reallocation of Participations to Reduce Fronting Exposure. All or any part of such Defaulting Lenders
participation in Letters of Credit shall be reallocated (effective no later than one Business Day after the Administrative Agent has actual knowledge that such Lender has become a Defaulting Lender) among the
Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Dollar Percentages, Applicable Multicurrency Percentages and Applicable Percentages, as the case may be (in each case calculated without
regard to such Defaulting Lenders Commitment), but only to the extent that (x) the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 are satisfied at the time of such reallocation (and, unless the Borrower shall have
otherwise notified the Administrative Agent at such time, the Borrower shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such conditions are satisfied at such time), and (y) such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Revolving Credit
Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lenders Commitment. Subject to Section 9.15, no reallocation
hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a
Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lenders increased exposure following such reallocation. 

(iv) Cash Collateral. If the reallocation described in clause (iii) above cannot, or can only partially, be
effected, the Borrower shall not later than two Business Days after demand by the Administrative Agent (at the direction of any Issuing Bank), without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under law, (x) Cash
Collateralize each Issuing Banks Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.19(d) or (z) make other arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing
Banks and the Swingline Lenders in their sole discretion to protect them against the risk of non-payment by such Defaulting Lender. 

99 

(v) Amendments Etc. No Defaulting Lender shall have any right to
approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder or any other Loan Documents and the Credit Exposure and unused Commitments of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether
two-thirds (2/3rds) of the Lenders, two-thirds (2/3rds) of the Lenders of a Class, the Required Lenders or the Required Lenders of a Class have taken or may take
any action hereunder or any other Loan Documents, except that the Commitments of such Lender may not be increased or extended, and, except as otherwise set forth herein, amounts payable to such Defaulting Lender hereunder may not be permanently
reduced, without the consent of such Defaulting Lender (other than reductions in fees and interest in which such reduction does not disproportionately affect such Defaulting Lender). 

(b) Defaulting Lender Cure. If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lenders and the Issuing Banks agree in writing that
a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with
respect to any Cash Collateral), that such former Defaulting Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be
necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit to be held pro rata by the Lenders in accordance with the applicable Commitments (without giving effect to Section 2.19(a)(iii)), and
if any Cash Collateral has been posted with respect to such Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will promptly return or release such Cash Collateral to the Borrower, whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided
that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise
expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender having been a Defaulting Lender. 

(c) New Swingline Loans/Letters of Credit. So long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, (i) no Swingline Lender shall be required
to fund any Swingline Loans unless it is satisfied that the participations therein will be fully allocated among Non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with clause (a)(iii) above and the
Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein and (ii) no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, extend, renew or increase any Letter of Credit unless it is satisfied that the participations in any existing Letters of Credit as well as the
new, extended, renewed or increased Letter of Credit has been or will be fully allocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with clause (a)(iii) above and such Defaulting Lender
shall not participate therein except to the extent such Defaulting Lenders participation has been or will be fully Cash Collateralized in accordance with Section 2.19(d). 

(d) Cash Collateral. At any time that there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, promptly following the written request of the
Administrative Agent or any Issuing Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize each Issuing Banks Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender (determined after giving effect to
Section 2.19(a)(iii) and any Cash Collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender) in an amount not less than the Minimum Collateral Amount. 

100 

(i) Grant of Security Interest. The Borrower, and to the extent
provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to (and subjects to the control of) the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Issuing Banks, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such Cash
Collateral as security for the Defaulting Lenders obligation to fund participations in respect of Letters of Credit, to be applied pursuant to clause (ii) below. If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that such Cash
Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, the Borrower will,
promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency (after giving effect to any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting
Lender). All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts at Natixis. The Borrower shall pay on
demand therefor from time to time all reasonable and customary account opening, activity and other administrative fees and charges in connection with the maintenance and disbursement of Cash Collateral. 

(ii) Application. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under
this Section 2.19 in respect of Letters of Credit shall be applied to the satisfaction of the Defaulting Lenders obligation to fund participations in respect of Letters of Credit (including, as to Cash Collateral
provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein. 

(iii) Termination of Requirement. Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Issuing
Banks Fronting Exposure shall no longer be required to be held as Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.19 following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure (including by the termination of
Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender or giving effect to Section 2.19(a)(iii)) or (ii) the determination by the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks that there exists excess Cash Collateral;
provided that, subject to the other provisions of this Section 2.19, the Person providing Cash Collateral and each Issuing Bank may agree that Cash Collateral shall be held to support future anticipated Fronting
Exposure; provided, further, that to the extent that such Cash Collateral was provided by the Borrower, such Cash Collateral shall remain subject to the security interest granted pursuant to the Loan Documents. 

SECTION 2.20. Effect of Benchmark Transition Event. 

(a) Benchmark Replacement Setting. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to any setting of the then-current Benchmark for a Currency, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement for the Term SOFR Reference Rate is determined in accordance with
clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date or a Benchmark Replacement for the Term CORRA Reference Rate is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of
Benchmark Replacement for such 

101 

Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent
Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (3) of the definition of
Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for such Currency for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or
after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the other parties hereto without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this
Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising (x) in the case of a Benchmark Replacement for Dollars,
the Required Lenders, and (y) in the case of a Benchmark Replacement for any Foreign Currency, the Required Multicurrency Lenders. If the Benchmark Replacement is Daily Simple SOFR or Daily Compounded CORRA, all interest payments will be
payable on a quarterly basis on each Quarterly Payment Date. 

(b) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the
use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent (after consulting with the Borrower) will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

(c) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of
(i) the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (iii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a
Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (d) below and (y) the commencement or conclusion of any
Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.20, including any
determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection,
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this
Section 2.20. 

(d) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein
or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark for a Currency is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate, the Term CORRA
Reference Rate or the applicable Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark for such Currency is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the
Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or 

102 

publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark for such Currency is not or will not be representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of
Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings for such Currency at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a
tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark for such Currency (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject
to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark for such Currency (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or
analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings for such Currency at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

(e)
Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing of, conversion
to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans in each affected Currency to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, (i) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of
any Syndicated Borrowing to, or the continuation of any Syndicated Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing, denominated in the affected Currency shall be ineffective and, if the affected Currency is Dollars, such Syndicated Borrowing (unless
prepaid) shall be continued as, or converted to a Syndicated ABR Borrowing at the end of the applicable Interest Period, (ii) if the affected Currency is Dollars and any Borrowing Request requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in
Dollars, such Borrowing shall be made as a Syndicated ABR Borrowing, (iii) if the affected Currency is a Foreign Currency other than Canadian Dollars, (A) any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing
denominated in the affected Currency shall be made as a Term Benchmark Borrowing with a Term Benchmark Rate equal to the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency; provided, that if the Administrative Agent determines (which
determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Foreign Currency cannot be determined, such Borrowing Request shall be ineffective, and (B) any outstanding Term Benchmark
Borrowing or RFR Borrowing in the affected Currency, at the Borrowers election, shall either (1) be converted to a Term Benchmark Borrowing with a Term Benchmark Rate equal to the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign
Currency; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency cannot be determined, such Borrowing
shall be converted into a Syndicated ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such affected Currency) immediately in the case of an RFR Borrowing or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, at the end
of the applicable Interest Period, (2) be converted into a Syndicated ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such affected Currency) immediately in the case of an RFR Borrowing or, in the case of a
Term Benchmark Borrowing, at the end of the applicable Interest Period, or (3) be prepaid in full immediately in the case of an RFR Borrowing or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, at the end of the applicable Interest Period, and
(iv) if the affected Currency is Canadian Dollars, (A) any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars shall be made as a Term Benchmark Borrowing with a Term Benchmark Rate equal to the
Canadian Prime Rate; provided, that if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination 

103 

shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Canadian Prime Rate cannot be determined, such Borrowing Request shall be ineffective, and (B) any outstanding Term Benchmark
Borrowing in Canadian Dollars, at the Borrowers election, shall either (1) be converted to a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars with a Term Benchmark Rate equal to the Canadian Prime Rate at the end of applicable
Interest Period; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Canadian Prime Rate cannot be determined, such Borrowing shall be converted into a Syndicated
ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such affected Currency) at the end of the applicable Interest Period, (2) be converted into a Syndicated ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount
equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such affected Currency) at the end of the applicable Interest Period, or (3) be prepaid in full at the end of the applicable Interest Period; provided that, if no election is made by the Borrower by the
date that is three Business Days after receipt by the Borrower of such notice or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Term Benchmark Loan, if earlier, the Borrower shall be deemed
to have elected clause (iii)(B)(1) or (iv)(B)(1) above, as applicable. During a Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Alternate Base Rate based upon
the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Alternate Base Rate. 

SECTION 2.21. Illegality. If any Change in Law shall make it unlawful or impossible for any Lender to perform any of its obligations
hereunder, to make, maintain or fund any RFR Loan or Term Benchmark Loan or to determine or charge interest rates based upon any applicable Daily Simple RFR or Term Benchmark Rate and such Lender shall so notify the Administrative Agent, the
Administrative Agent shall give written notice thereof (or telephonic notice, promptly confirmed in writing) to the Borrower and the other Lenders as promptly as practicable thereafter, whereupon until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent
and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (i) the Alternate Base Rate shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause
(iii) thereof, (ii) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or the continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in the affected Currency shall be ineffective and, if the
affected Currency is Dollars, such Borrowing (unless prepaid) shall be continued as, or converted to, an ABR Borrowing either (A) at the end of the applicable Interest Period if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Loan to
such date or (B) immediately if such Lender shall determine that it may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term Benchmark Loan to such date, (iii) if the affected Currency is Dollars and any Borrowing Request requests a Term Benchmark
Borrowing denominated in Dollars, such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing, (iv) if the affected Currency is a Foreign Currency other than Canadian Dollars, (A) any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR
Borrowing denominated in the affected Currency shall be made as a Term Benchmark Borrowing with a Term Benchmark Rate equal to the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency; provided, that if the Administrative Agent determines
(which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency cannot be determined, such Borrowing Request shall be ineffective, and (B) any outstanding Term
Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing in the affected Currency, at the Borrowers election shall either (1) be converted to a Term 

104 

Benchmark Borrowing with a Term Benchmark Rate equal to the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which
determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency cannot be determined, such Borrowing shall be converted into an ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an
amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such affected Currency) immediately in the case of an RFR Borrowing or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, either (x) at the end of the applicable Interest Period if such Lender may lawfully
continue to maintain such Loan to such date or (y) immediately if such Lender shall determine that it may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term Benchmark Loan to such date, (2) be converted into an ABR Borrowing denominated in
Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such affected Currency) immediately in the case of an RFR Borrowing or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, either (x) at the end of the applicable Interest Period if such Lender
may lawfully continue to maintain such Loan to such date or (y) immediately if such Lender shall determine that it may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term Benchmark Loan to such date, or (3) be prepaid in full immediately in the
case of an RFR Borrowing or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, either (x) at the end of the applicable Interest Period if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Loan to such date or (y) immediately if such Lender shall
determine that it may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term Benchmark Loan to such date, and (v) if the affected Currency is Canadian Dollars, (A) any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian
Dollars shall be made as a Term Benchmark Borrowing with a Term Benchmark Rate equal to the Canadian Prime Rate; provided, that if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error)
that the Canadian Prime Rate cannot be determined, such Borrowing Request shall be ineffective, and (B) any outstanding Term Benchmark Borrowing in Canadian Dollars, at the Borrowers election, shall either (1) be converted to a Term
Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars with a Term Benchmark Rate equal to the Canadian Prime Rate at the end of applicable Interest Period; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be
conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Canadian Prime Rate cannot be determined, such Borrowing shall be converted into an ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such affected Currency)
either (x) at the end of the applicable Interest Period if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Loan to such date or (y) immediately if such Lender shall determine that it may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term
Benchmark Loan to such date, (2) be converted into an ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such affected Currency) either (x) at the end of the applicable Interest Period if such Lender may
lawfully continue to maintain such Loan to such date or (y) immediately if such Lender shall determine that it may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term Benchmark Loan to such date, or (3) be prepaid in full at the end of the
applicable Interest Period; provided that if no election is made by the Borrower by the date that is three Business Days after receipt by the Borrower of such notice or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the last day of the current
Interest Period for the applicable Term Benchmark Loan, if earlier, the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected clause (iv)(B)(1) or (v)(B)(1) above, as applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the affected Lender shall, prior to
giving such notice to the Administrative Agent, use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office if such designation would avoid the need for giving such notice and if such designation would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such
Lender in the good faith exercise of its discretion. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to
Section 2.15. 

105 

ARTICLE III 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that: 

SECTION 3.01. Organization; Powers. Each of the Borrower and its Significant Subsidiaries (a) is duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and, (c) is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every
jurisdiction where such qualification is required except where the failure to comply with clauses (b) and (c) would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 3.02. Authorization; Enforceability. The Transactions are within the Borrowers corporate powers and have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate and, if required, by all necessary shareholder action. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and constitutes, and each of the other Loan Documents when executed and delivered by
each Obligor party thereto will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Obligor, enforceable against such Obligor in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by (a) bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or similar laws of general applicability affecting the enforcement of creditors rights and (b) the application of general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a
proceeding in equity or at law). 

SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts. The Transactions (a) do not require any
consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any applicable Governmental Authority, except for (i) such as have been or will be obtained or made and are or will be in full force and effect, (ii) filings and
recordings in respect of the Liens created pursuant to this Agreement or the Security Documents, and (iii) of which the failure to obtain would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (b) will not violate any
applicable law or regulation or the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Borrower or any other Obligor or any order of any Governmental Authority applicable to the Borrower or any other
Obligor, or their respective property, (c) will not violate or result in a default in any material respect under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon the Borrower or any other Obligor, as applicable, or assets, or give rise
to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by any such Person, and (d) except for the Liens created pursuant to this Agreement or the Security Documents, will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien (other than Liens
permitted by Section 6.02) on any asset of the Borrower or any other Obligor, except in the cases of the foregoing clauses (b) and (c), as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

106 

SECTION 3.04. Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Effect. 

(a) Financial Statements. The consolidated financial statements of the Borrower most recently delivered pursuant to Sections
4.01(f), 5.01(a) and 5.01(b) present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of such date and for such
period in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis, subject to, in the case of interim statements, year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes. 

(b) No Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of the most recent Applicable Financial Statements, there has not been any event,
development or circumstance that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 3.05.
Litigation. There are no actions, suits, investigations or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority now pending against or, to the knowledge of any Financial Officer of the Borrower, threatened in writing against or
affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (i) as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a
Material Adverse Effect or (ii) that involve this Agreement or the Transactions (other than any action brought by the Borrower against a Defaulting Lender or any action not involving the Borrower or any other Obligor). 

SECTION 3.06. Compliance with Laws and Agreements. Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all laws,
regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property and all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would
not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Obligors is subject to any contract or other arrangement, the performance of which by them would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 3.07. Taxes. Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all federal, state, and other tax
returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all federal and all material state and other taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets
otherwise due and payable , except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which such Person has set aside on its books adequate reserves maintained in accordance with GAAP or (b) to the extent
that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 3.08. ERISA. No ERISA
Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 3.09. Disclosure. As of the Effective Date, the Borrower has disclosed in its public filings or to the Lenders (a) all
agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, that if terminated prior to its term, and (b) all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably
be 

107 

expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the written reports, financial statements, certificates or other written information (other than projections (including projected
financial information), other forward looking information and information of a general economic or industry specific nature or information relating to third parties that, for the avoidance of doubt, are not Affiliates) furnished by or on behalf of
the Borrower to the Administrative Agent in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or delivered hereunder or thereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) when taken together with
the Borrowers public filings and as a whole (and after giving effect to all updates, modifications and supplements) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact (known to any Obligor in the case of materials
not furnished by it) necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading at the time made; provided that, with respect to projections (including projected financial
information) and other forward looking information relating to third parties and information of a general economic or industry specific nature, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions
believed in good faith to be reasonable at the time of the preparation thereof (it being understood that projections are subject to significant and inherent uncertainties and contingencies which may be outside of the Borrowers control and that
no assurance can be given that projections will be realized, and are therefore not to be viewed as fact, and that actual results for the periods covered by projections may differ from the projected results set forth in such projections and that such
differences may be material). 

SECTION 3.10. Investment Company Act; Margin Regulations. 

(a) Status as Business Development Company. The Borrower has elected to be regulated as a business development company
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The Borrower intends to elect to be treated as a RIC effective for its taxable year ending December 31, 2024. 

(b) Compliance with Investment Company Act. The business and other activities of the Borrower and its Significant Subsidiaries,
including the making of the Loans hereunder, the application of the proceeds and repayment thereof by the Borrower and the consummation of the Transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents do not result in a violation or breach in any material
respect of the provisions of the Investment Company Act or any rules, regulations or orders issued by the SEC thereunder, in each case that are applicable to the Borrower and its Significant Subsidiaries. 

(c) Investment Policies. The Borrower is in compliance in all respects with the Investment Policies (after giving effect to any
Permitted Policy Amendments), except to the extent that the failure to so comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(d) Use of Credit. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Significant Subsidiaries is engaged principally, or as one of its important
activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose, whether immediate, incidental or ultimate, of buying or carrying Margin Stock, and no part of the proceeds of any extension of credit hereunder will be used to buy or carry any Margin
Stock. 

108 

SECTION 3.11. Material Agreements and Liens. 

(a) Material Agreements. Part A of Schedule 3.11 is a complete and correct list, as of the Effective Date, of each
material credit agreement, loan agreement, indenture, note purchase agreement, guarantee, letter of credit or other arrangement providing for or otherwise relating to any Indebtedness for borrowed money or any extension of credit (or commitment for
any extension of credit) to, or guarantee for borrowed money by, the Borrower or any other Obligor outstanding on the Effective Date and not otherwise publicly disclosed (in each case, other than (x) Indebtedness hereunder or under any
other Loan Document and (y) any such agreement or arrangement that is between or among an Obligor and any other Obligors), and the aggregate principal or face amount outstanding or that is, or may become, outstanding under each such
arrangement, in each case, as of the Effective Date, is correctly described in Part A of Schedule 3.11. 

(b) Liens.
Part B of Schedule 3.11 is a complete and correct list, as of the Effective Date, of each Lien securing Indebtedness for borrowed money of any Person outstanding on the Effective Date (other than Indebtedness hereunder or under any
other Loan Document) covering any property of the Borrower or any other Obligor, and the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness secured (or that may be secured) by each such Lien and the property covered by each such Lien as of the
Effective Date is correctly described in Part B of Schedule 3.11. 

SECTION 3.12. Subsidiaries and Investments. 

(a) Subsidiaries. Set forth on Schedule 3.12(a) is a list of the Borrowers Subsidiaries as of the Effective Date. 

(b) Investments. Set forth on Schedule 3.12(b) is a complete and correct list, as of the Effective Date, of all Investments
(other than Investments of the types referred to in clauses (b), (c), (d) and (g) of Section 6.04) held by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiary Guarantors in any Person on the Effective
Date and, for each such Investment, (x) the identity of the Person or Persons holding such Investment and (y) the nature of such Investment. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.12 as of the Effective Date, each of the Borrower and any
of the Subsidiary Guarantors owns, free and clear of all Liens (other than Liens created pursuant to the Security Documents and Permitted Liens), all such Investments as of the Effective Date. 

SECTION 3.13. Properties. 

(a) Title Generally. Each of the Borrower and each of the Obligors has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all their
respective real and personal property material to the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except for minor defects in title that do not interfere with their respective ability to conduct their respective
business, taken as a whole, as currently conducted or to utilize such properties for their intended purposes, except where failure to have title or leasehold interests would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) Intellectual Property. Each of the Borrower and the other Obligors owns, or is licensed to use, all trademarks, tradenames,
copyrights, patents and other intellectual property material to their respective business, taken as a whole, and the use thereof by the Borrower and such other Obligor does not infringe upon the rights of any other Person, except for any such
infringements that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

109 

SECTION 3.14. Affiliate Agreements. As of the Effective Date, the Borrower has
heretofore delivered (to the extent not otherwise publicly filed with the SEC) to the Administrative Agent true and complete copies of each of the Affiliate Agreements (as in effect on the Effective Date including schedules and exhibits thereto, and
any amendments, supplements or waivers executed and delivered thereunder). As of the Effective Date, each of the Affiliate Agreements is in full force and effect. 

SECTION 3.15. Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions. 

(a) None of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any Affiliate, director, officer, employee, or agent
of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is a Sanctioned Person. 

(b) The Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors,
officers and employees and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, the agents of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, are in compliance with all applicable Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Terrorism Laws in all material respects and with all applicable
Sanctions. 

(c) The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure continued
compliance with all applicable Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Terrorism Laws. 

SECTION 3.16. Collateral Documents. The
provisions of the Security Documents are effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent a legal, valid and enforceable first priority Lien (subject to Liens permitted by Section 6.02) on all right, title and interest
of the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor in the Collateral described therein, except for any failure that would not constitute an Event of Default under clause (p) of Article VII. Except for filings and actions completed on or prior to the
Effective Date or as contemplated hereby and by the Security Documents, no filing or other action will be necessary to perfect such Liens to the extent required thereunder, except for the failure to make any filing or take any other action that
would not constitute an Event of Default under clause (p) of Article VII. 

SECTION 3.17. EEA Financial Institutions. Neither
the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is an EEA Financial Institution. 

ARTICLE IV 

CONDITIONS 

SECTION 4.01.
Effective Date. The effectiveness of this Agreement and of the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective until completion of each of the following
conditions precedent (unless a condition shall have been waived in accordance with Section 9.02): 

110 

(a) Documents. The Administrative Agent shall have received each of the following
documents, each of which shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (and to the extent specified below to each Lender) in form and substance: 

(i) Executed Counterparts. From each party hereto either (i) a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of
such party or (ii) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include electronic (e.g. pdf) transmission of a signed signature page to this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement.

(ii) Opinion of Counsel to the Obligors. A customary favorable written opinion (addressed to the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders and dated the date hereof) of Dechert LLP, New York counsel for the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors (and the Borrower hereby instructs such counsel to deliver such opinion to the Lenders and the Administrative
Agent). 

(iii) Corporate Documents. Such documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may
reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of the Obligors, the authorization of the Transactions and any other legal matters relating to the Obligors, this Agreement or the Transactions. 

(iv) Officers Certificate. A certificate, dated the date hereof and signed by the President, the Chief Executive
Officer, a Vice President or a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, confirming compliance with the conditions set forth in Section 4.02. 

(v) Guarantee and Security Agreement. The Guarantee and Security Agreement, duly executed and delivered by each of the
parties thereto. 

(vi) Control Agreement. An account control agreement with respect to each of the deposit accounts
and securities accounts (other than Excluded Accounts (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement)) maintained by the Obligors as of the Effective Date, duly executed and delivered by the Borrower, the Collateral Agent and Custodian. 

(vii) Borrowing Base Certificate. A Borrowing Base Certificate showing a calculation of the Borrowing Base as of the
Effective Date with the Value of each Portfolio Investment determined as of a date agreed by the Administrative Agent. 

(b) Liens.
The Administrative Agent shall have received results of a recent lien search in each relevant jurisdiction with respect to the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors, confirming that each financing statement in respect of the Liens in favor of the
Collateral Agent created pursuant to the Security Documents is otherwise prior to all other financing statements or other interests reflected therein (other than any financing statement or interest in respect of liens permitted under
Section 6.02 or Liens to be discharged on or prior to the Effective Date pursuant to documentation satisfactory to the Administrative Agent). All UCC financing statements and similar documents required to be filed in order
to create in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral (to the extent that such a security interest may be perfected by a filing under the Uniform Commercial
Code) shall have been properly filed in each jurisdiction required (or arrangements for such filings acceptable to the Collateral Agent shall have been made). 

111 

(c) Consents. The Borrower shall have obtained and delivered to the Administrative
Agent certified copies of all consents, approvals, authorizations, registrations, or filings required to be made or obtained by the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors in connection with the Transactions and any transaction being financed with
the proceeds of the Loans, and such consents, approvals, authorizations, registrations, filings and orders shall be in full force and effect and all applicable waiting periods shall have expired and no investigation or inquiry by any Governmental
Authority regarding the Transactions or any transaction being financed with the proceeds of the Loans shall be ongoing. 

(d) Fees and
Expenses. Subject to Section 9.03(a) hereof, the Borrower shall have paid in full to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders all fees and expenses related to the Loan Documents (including the fees set forth in the Fee
Letter) owing on the Effective Date. 

(e) Know Your Customer Documentation. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have
received, sufficiently in advance of the Effective Date (i) all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations,
including the PATRIOT Act and (ii) to the extent that the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the requirements of the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower.

(f) Financial Statements. The Administrative Agent shall have received the unaudited consolidated statement of assets and
liabilities, statement of operations, statement of changes in net assets, statement of cash flows and schedule of investments of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024. The
Lenders hereby acknowledge receipt of the financial statements referred to in this Section 4.01(f). 

(g)
Valuation Policy. The Administrative Agent shall have received a copy of the Valuation Policy. 

(h) Other Documents. The
Administrative Agent shall have received such other documents as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

SECTION 4.02. Each Credit Event. The obligation of each Lender to make any Loan, and of each Issuing Bank to issue, amend, renew or
extend any Letter of Credit, is additionally subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions: 

(a) the representations and
warranties of the Borrower set forth in this Agreement and in the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any portion of any representations and warranties already subject to a materiality
qualifier, true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date of such Loan or the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, or, as to any such representation or warranty that refers to a specific
date, as of such specific date; 

112 

(b) at the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Loan or the issuance,
amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing; 

(c) the Covered
Debt Amount (immediately after giving effect to such extension of credit and any Concurrent Transaction) shall not exceed the Borrowing Base (immediately after giving effect to such extension of credit and any Concurrent Transaction), which
shall be evidenced by a Borrowing Base Certificate (that, so long as it is still current, may be the Borrowing Base Certificate most recently delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.01(d) or (e)).

Each Borrowing and each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation
and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in the preceding sentence. 

ARTICLE V 

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have
been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired, been terminated, Cash Collateralized or backstopped and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that: 

SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information. The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to
each Lender): 

(a) within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or such longer period permitted pursuant
to any orders, declarations, laws, regulations or letters issued by the SEC or any other government or regulatory authority, not to exceed one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower), the audited
consolidated statements of assets and liabilities, statements of operations, statements of changes in net assets, statements of cash flows and schedule of investments of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of and for such
fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by independent public accountants of recognized national standing to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present
fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently (except as disclosed therein) applied; provided
that the requirements set forth in this clause (a) may be fulfilled by providing to the Administrative Agent the report of the Borrower to the SEC on Form 10-K for the applicable fiscal year; 

113 

(b) within forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first three fiscal
quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or such longer period permitted pursuant to any orders, declarations, laws, regulations or letters issued by the SEC or any other government or regulatory authority, not to exceed seventy-five
(75) days after the end of each of the first three (3) fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower), the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities, statement of operations, statement of changes in net assets, statement of cash
flows and schedule of investments of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for (or, in
the case of the statements of assets and liabilities, statement of operations, statement of changes in net assets, statement of cash flows and schedule of investments, as of the end of) the corresponding period or periods of the previous fiscal
year, all certified by a Financial Officer of the Borrower as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with
GAAP consistently (except as disclosed therein) applied, subject to year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; provided that the requirements set forth in this clause (b) may
be fulfilled by providing to the Administrative Agent the report of the Borrower to the SEC on Form 10-Q for the applicable quarterly period; 

(c) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) of this Section 5.01, a certificate
of a Financial Officer of the Borrower substantially in the form of Exhibit H hereto, (i) certifying as to whether the Borrower has knowledge that a Default has occurred during the applicable period and, if a Default has occurred (or has
occurred and is continuing from a prior period), specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating compliance with Sections
6.01, 6.02, 6.04 and 6.07 and (iii) stating whether any change in GAAP as applied by (or in the application of GAAP by) the Borrower has occurred since the date hereof (but only if the Borrower has not previously
reported such change to the Administrative Agent and if such change has had a material effect on the financial statements) and, if any such change has occurred, specifying the effect (unless such effect has been previously reported) as determined by
the Borrower of such change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate; provided that the requirements set forth in this clause (c)(iii) may be fulfilled by providing to the Administrative Agent the report of the Borrower to
the SEC on Form 10-Q for the applicable quarterly period; 

(d) as soon as available and in any
event not later than twenty (20) days after the end of each monthly accounting period (ending on the last day of each calendar month) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, (i) a Borrowing Base Certificate as of the last day of such
accounting period and (ii) if during such monthly accounting period the Borrower has declared or made any Restricted Payment pursuant to Section 6.05(c), a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Borrower describing
each such Restricted Payment and certifying that the conditions set forth in Section 6.05(c) were satisfied on the date of each such Restricted Payment; 

(e) promptly but no later than five (5) Business Days after any Responsible Officer of the Borrower shall at any time have knowledge that
there is a Borrowing Base Deficiency, a Borrowing Base Certificate as of the date such Responsible Officer of the Borrower has knowledge of such Borrowing Base Deficiency indicating the amount of the Borrowing Base Deficiency as of the date such
Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtained knowledge of such deficiency and the amount of the Borrowing Base Deficiency as of the date not earlier than one (1) Business Day prior to the date the Borrowing Base Certificate is delivered
pursuant to this paragraph (e); 

114 

(f) promptly upon receipt thereof copies of all significant reports submitted by the
Borrowers independent public accountants in connection with each annual, interim or special audit or review of any type of the financial statements or related internal control systems of the Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries
delivered by such accountants to the management or board of trustees of the Borrower; 

(g) promptly after (and only if) the same become
publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials sent to all stockholders filed by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiary Guarantors with the SEC, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or
all of the functions of the SEC, or with any national securities exchange, as the case may be; 

(h) promptly following any request
therefor, such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or compliance by the Borrower and the Obligors with the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request, including such documents and information requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender that are reasonably required in order to comply with
know-your-customer and other Anti-Terrorism Law and similar rules and regulations and related policies and procedures; and 

The Borrower and each Lender acknowledge that certain of the Lenders may be Public Lenders and, if documents or notices required to be
delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01 or otherwise are being distributed through a virtual data room or (the Platform), any document or notice that the Borrower has indicated contains Non-Public Information shall not be posted by the Administrative Agent on that portion of the Platform designated for such Public Lenders. The Borrower agrees to clearly designate all information provided to the
Administrative Agent by or on behalf of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries which is suitable to make available to Public Lenders. If the Borrower has not indicated whether a document or notice delivered pursuant to this
Section 5.01 contains Non-Public Information, the Administrative Agent reserves the right to post such document or notice solely on that portion of the Platform designated for Lenders
who wish to receive Non-Public Information. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the
requirements to deliver documents set forth in Sections 5.01(a), (b) and (g) will be fulfilled by filing by the Borrower of the applicable documents for public availability on the SECs Electronic Data Gathering and
Retrieval system; provided that, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (by e-mail) of the posting of any such documents. 

SECTION 5.02. Notices of Material Events. The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender)
prompt written notice upon any Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtaining actual knowledge of the following: 

(a) the occurrence of any
Default (unless the Borrower first became aware of such Default from a notice delivered by the Administrative Agent); provided that if such Default is subsequently cured within the time periods set forth herein, the failure to provide notice of such
Default shall not itself result in an Event of Default hereunder; 

115 

(b) the filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator
or Governmental Authority against or affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Financing Subsidiaries) that has a reasonable likelihood of being adversely determined and, if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect; 

(c) the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have
occurred after the date hereof, results in, or would reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect; and 

(d) any other
development (excluding matters of a general economic, financial or political nature to the extent that they would not reasonably be expected to have a disproportionate effect on the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Financing
Subsidiaries)) that results in, or would reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect. 

Each notice delivered under this
Section 5.02 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer or other executive officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken
with respect thereto. 

SECTION 5.03. Existence: Conduct of Business. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Significant
Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect (i) its legal existence and (ii) the rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises material to the conduct of the
business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution not prohibited under Section 6.03. 

SECTION 5.04. Payment of Obligations. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay its obligations, including
income tax and other material tax liabilities and material contractual obligations, that, if not paid, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where
(a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, and (b) the Borrower or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP. 

SECTION 5.05. Maintenance of Properties; Insurance. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Significant Subsidiaries to,
(a) keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted unless the failure to so keep and maintain
could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution not prohibited under Section 6.03, and (b) maintain, with
financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations. 

116 

SECTION 5.06. Books and Records; Inspection and Audit Rights. The Borrower will, and
will cause each of its Significant Subsidiaries to, keep books of record and account in accordance with GAAP in all material respects. The Borrower will, and will cause each other Obligor to, permit any representatives designated by the
Administrative Agent or any Lender, upon reasonable prior notice to the Borrower, to visit and inspect its properties during normal business hours, to examine and make extracts from its books and records (but only to the extent the applicable
Obligor is not prohibited from disclosing such information or providing access to such information pursuant to applicable law or an agreement such Obligor entered into with a third party (other than an Affiliate) in the ordinary course of its
business), and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested, in each case, solely related to the Obligors and to the extent such
inspection or requests for such information are reasonable and such information can be provided or discussed without violation of law, rule, regulation or any contract such Obligor entered into with a third party that is not an Affiliate;
provided that, (i) the Borrower or such other Obligor shall be entitled to have its representatives and advisors present during any inspection of its books and records and during any discussion with its independent accountants and
independent auditors and (ii) unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Borrowers obligation to reimburse any costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with any such
inspections shall be limited to one inspection per calendar year. 

SECTION 5.07. Compliance with Laws. The Borrower will, and will
cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, including the Investment Company Act and any applicable rules, regulations or orders issued by the
SEC thereunder, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower will, and will cause its
Subsidiaries to, conduct its business and other activities in compliance in all material respects with the provisions of the Investment Company Act and any applicable rules, regulations or orders issued by the SEC thereunder. The Borrower will
maintain in effect policies and procedures designed to promote compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries, and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents with applicable Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Terrorism Laws.

SECTION 5.08. Certain Obligations Respecting Subsidiaries; Further Assurances. 

(a) Subsidiary Guarantors. In the event that (i) the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor shall form or acquire any new Subsidiary
(other than an Excluded Asset, a Financing Subsidiary, a Foreign Subsidiary, an Immaterial Subsidiary or a Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary) or (ii) any Excluded Asset, Financing Subsidiary, Foreign Subsidiary, Immaterial Subsidiary or
Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary shall no longer constitute an Excluded Asset, Financing Subsidiary, Immaterial Subsidiary, Foreign Subsidiary or Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary, as
applicable, pursuant to the definition thereof (in which case such Person shall be deemed to be a new Subsidiary for purposes of this Section 5.08 as of such date), the Borrower will within thirty (30) days
thereof (or such longer period as shall be reasonably agreed by the Administrative Agent) cause such new Subsidiary to become a Subsidiary Guarantor (and, thereby, an Obligor) under the Guarantee and Security Agreement
pursuant to a Guarantee Assumption Agreement and to deliver such proof of corporate or other action, incumbency of 

117 

officers, opinions of counsel and other documents as is consistent with those delivered by the Borrower pursuant to Section 4.01 upon the date hereof or as the
Administrative Agent shall have reasonably requested. For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower may elect to cause any of its Excluded Assets that are Subsidiaries, Immaterial Subsidiaries or Foreign Subsidiaries to become an Obligor by causing such
Person to become a Subsidiary Guarantor and executing and delivering a Guarantee Assumption Agreement (and, if requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent with respect to any Foreign Subsidiaries, executing and delivering a
guarantee and security agreement governed by the laws of the country in which such Subsidiary is located, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, it being understood that a guarantee and
security agreement that is substantially in the form of the Guarantee and Security Agreement, other than with respect to modifications to reflect requirements under the laws of the country in which such Subsidiary is located, will be deemed
reasonably acceptable) and other deliverables as required for a Subsidiary Guarantor under this Section 5.08(a) (at which point such Person shall be a Subsidiary Guarantor and shall no longer be an Excluded Asset or an Immaterial Subsidiary).

(b) Ownership of Subsidiaries. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Significant Subsidiaries to, take such action from
time to time as shall be necessary to ensure that each of its Significant Subsidiaries (other than any Subsidiary that is an Excluded Asset) is a wholly owned Subsidiary; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any transaction permitted under
Section 6.03 or 6.04, so long as after giving effect to such permitted transaction each of the remaining Significant Subsidiaries (other than any Subsidiary that is an Excluded Asset) of the Borrower is a
wholly-owned Subsidiary. 

(c) Further Assurances. The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiary Guarantors to, take such
action from time to time (including filing appropriate Uniform Commercial Code financing statements and executing and delivering such assignments, security agreements and other instruments) as shall be reasonably requested by the Administrative
Agent to effectuate the purposes of this Agreement, including: 

(i) to create, in favor of the Collateral Agent for the
benefit of the Secured Parties (and any affiliate thereof that is a party to any Hedging Agreement entered into with such Obligor) and the holders of any Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness or Secured Shorter-Term Indebtedness, perfected security
interests and Liens in the Collateral; provided that any such security interest or Lien shall be subject to the relevant requirements of the Security Documents, 

(ii) in the case of any portfolio investment held by any Excluded Asset, any Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor or
any Joint Venture Investment, including any cash collection related thereto, ensure that such portfolio investment shall not be held in the account of any Obligor subject to a control agreement among such Obligor, the Collateral Agent and the
Custodian delivered in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that, in the case of a participation interest held by any Excluded Asset, any Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor or any Joint Venture Investment
(other than a 100% participation interest held for more than ninety (90) days) that was acquired from an Obligor, such portfolio investment, including any cash collection related thereto, may be held in any account of any Obligor, so long as,
in the case of cash, it is promptly distributed to such Excluded Asset, such Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor or such Joint Venture Investment; 

118 

(iii) in the case of any Portfolio Investment consisting of a Bank Loan (as
defined in Section 5.13) that is part of the Collateral and does not constitute all of the credit extended to the underlying borrower under the relevant underlying loan documents and any Excluded Asset, any Subsidiary that
is not a Subsidiary Guarantor or any Joint Venture Investment holds any interest in the loans or other extensions of credit under such loan documents, (x) to cause such Excluded Asset, such Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor or such
Joint Venture Investment to be party to such underlying loan documents as a lender having a direct interest (or a participation not acquired from an Obligor) in such underlying loan documents and the extensions of credit thereunder and
(y) to ensure that all amounts owing to such Obligor by the underlying borrower or other obligated party are remitted by such borrower or obligated party (or the applicable administrative agents, collateral agents or equivalent Person) directly
to separate accounts of such Obligor and no other amounts owing by such underlying borrower or obligated party are remitted to the accounts of such Obligor; 

(iv) in the event that any Obligor is acting as an agent or administrative agent under any loan documents with respect to any
Bank Loan that is part of the Collateral but does not constitute all of the credit extended to the underlying borrower under the relevant underlying loan documents, to ensure that all funds held by such Obligor in such capacity as agent or
administrative agent is segregated from all other funds of such Obligor and clearly identified as being held in an agency capacity; and 

(v) to cause the closing sets and all executed amendments, consents, forbearances and other modifications and assignment
agreements relating to any Investment and any other documents relating to any Investment requested by the Collateral Agent, in each case, to be held by the Collateral Agent or a custodian pursuant to the terms of a custodian agreement reasonably
satisfactory to the Collateral Agent; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, this clause (v) shall not apply to any item of Collateral that is required to be Delivered (as such term is used in and to the extent required under
Section 7.01(a) of the Guarantee and Security Agreement). 

SECTION 5.09. Use of Proceeds. The Borrower will use the proceeds
of the Loans and the issuances of Letters of Credit only for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, purchasing shares of its common stock in connection with the redemption (or buyback) of its
shares, repaying outstanding Indebtedness not prohibited by the Loan Documents, paying fees and expenses paid or payable in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, making other distributions, contributions and investments, the
acquisition and funding (either directly or through one or more wholly-owned Subsidiaries) of leveraged loans, mezzanine loans, high-yield securities, convertible securities, preferred stock, common stock, hedging agreements, credit default
swaps and other Investments, in each case otherwise permitted hereunder; provided, that, neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any responsibility as to the use of any of such proceeds. No part of the proceeds of any
extension of credit hereunder will be used for the purpose, whether immediate, incidental or ultimate, of buying or carrying any Margin Stock. Margin Stock shall be purchased 

119 

by the Obligors only with the proceeds of Indebtedness not directly or indirectly secured by Margin Stock, or with the proceeds of equity capital of the Borrower. The Letters of Credit and the
proceeds thereof shall be used solely to support or make payment on account of any default by the Borrower or any Subsidiary account party in the performance of a commercial obligation under a non-financial
agreement or arrangement relating to the performance of services, delivery of goods, or advance payment, or retention or warranty obligations, in each case in connection with business activities in the ordinary course of business of Borrower or such
Subsidiary (and, in each case, not in contravention of applicable law or any terms of the Loan Documents. The Borrower will not, directly or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, indirectly, use the proceeds of any extension of credit hereunder, or
lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person, (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else
of value, to any Person in violation of Anti-Corruption Laws or Anti-Terrorism Laws, or (ii) (A) to fund any activities or business of or with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of
Sanctions, or (B) in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions by any Person participating in the transactions contemplated hereby (including any Person participating in the Loans), whether as Administrative Agent,
Collateral Agent, Issuing Bank, Swingline Lender, an Obligor, underwriter, advisor, investor, or otherwise. 

SECTION 5.10. Status of
RIC and BDC. The Borrower shall elect to be treated as a RIC effective for its taxable year ending December 31, 2024, upon filing applicable tax returns in 2025. The Borrower shall, at all times thereafter, subject to applicable grace
periods set forth in the Code, maintain its status as a RIC under the Code. The Borrower shall at all times maintain its status as a business development company under the Investment Company Act. 

SECTION 5.11. Investment and Valuation Policies. The Borrower shall promptly advise the Lenders and the Administrative Agent of any
material change in either its Investment Policies or Valuation Policy. 

SECTION 5.12. Portfolio Valuation and Diversification Etc.

(a) Industry Classification Groups. For purposes of this Agreement, the Borrower, in its reasonable determination, shall assign
each Portfolio Investment included in the Borrowing Base to an Industry Classification Group. To the extent that the Borrower determines that any Portfolio Investment included in the Borrowing Base is not adequately correlated with the risks of
other Portfolio Investments in an Industry Classification Group, such Portfolio Investment may be assigned by the Borrower to an Industry Classification Group that is more closely correlated to such Portfolio Investment. In the absence of any
adequate correlation, the Borrower shall be permitted, upon prior notice to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender), to create up to three additional industry classification groups for purposes of this Agreement. Furthermore, for
Portfolio Investments in the software industry, the Borrower may assign such Portfolio Investment to the Industry Classification Group based on the predominant end-user of the applicable issuers product

120 

(b) Portfolio Valuation Etc. 

(i) Settlement Date Basis. For purposes of this Agreement, all determinations of whether an investment is to be included
as a Portfolio Investment shall be determined on a settlement-date basis (meaning that any investment that has been purchased will not be treated as a Portfolio Investment until such purchase has settled, and any Portfolio Investment which has been
sold will not be excluded as a Portfolio Investment until such sale has settled); provided that no such investment shall be included as a Portfolio Investment to the extent it has not been paid for in full. 

(ii) Determination of Values. For the purposes of this Agreement and not to be required to be utilized for any other
purpose (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Borrowers financial statements, valuations required under the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement (ASC 820) or valuations
required under the Investment Company Act), the Borrower will conduct reviews of the value to be assigned to each of its Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base as follows: 

(A) Quoted Investments - External Review. With respect to Portfolio Investments (including Cash Equivalents) for
which market quotations are readily available and that are traded in an active and orderly market as determined by the Borrower (each, a Quoted Investment), the Borrower shall value such Quoted Investments in accordance with its
Valuation Policy and, solely with respect to Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base, not less frequently than once each calendar week, determine the market value of such Quoted Investments which shall, in each case, be determined in
accordance with one of the following methodologies (as selected by the Borrower): 

(w) in the case of public and 144A
securities, the average of the bid prices as determined by two Approved Dealers selected by the Borrower, 

(x) in the case
of Bank Loans, the average of the bid prices as determined by two Approved Dealers selected by the Borrower (or, if only one bid price is available, such bid price as determined by one Approved Dealer selected by the Borrower), 

(y) in the case of any Quoted Investment traded on an exchange, the closing price for such Quoted Investment most recently
posted on such exchange, and 

(z) in the case of any other Quoted Investment, the fair market value thereof as determined
by an Approved Pricing Service selected by the Borrower. 

(B) Unquoted Investments - External Review. With respect
to each Portfolio Investment for which market quotations are not readily available (each, an Unquoted Investment), the Borrower shall assign a value to each Unquoted 

121 

Investment in a manner consistent with its Valuation Policy as of the last day of each fiscal quarter (each, a Testing Quarter); provided that the Borrower shall request
an Approved Third-Party Appraiser to assist the board of trustees of the Borrower (or the appropriate committee thereof with the necessary delegated authority) or the External Manager, so long as it has the necessary delegated authority, in
determining the fair market value as of the last day of each Testing Quarter of no less than 25% of the value of all Unquoted Investments that have not been acquired during such Testing Quarter (and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall provide the
Administrative Agent with a copy of the results of any such appraisal by an Approved Third-Party Appraiser any related reports); provided, further, that: 

(x) the Value of any such Unquoted Investment acquired during a Testing Quarter shall be deemed to be equal to the cost of such Unquoted
Investment until such time as the fair market value of such Unquoted Investment is determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this sub-clause (B); and 

(y) the Value of any Unquoted Investment for which an Approved Third-Party Appraiser has not assisted the Borrower in determining the fair
market value of such Unquoted Investment during the four immediately preceding Testing Quarters (other than any Unquoted Investment included in the Borrowing Base with a Value that is less than $1,000,000 (in an aggregate maximum not to exceed 5% by
value of all Portfolio Investments)) shall be zero until the fair market value of such Unquoted Investment shall have been determined by an Approved Third-Party Appraiser. 

(C) Internal Review. The Borrower shall conduct internal reviews of all Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing
Base on a quarterly basis. To the extent that any Responsible Officer of the Borrower has knowledge of any interim event that materially and adversely affects the aggregate value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base (including
the existence of any buyout right for any Portfolio Investment at a purchase price that is less than the value of any Portfolio Investment established under Section 5.12(b)(ii)(A) or (B) above), then the
Borrower will review the value of those assets within one week of such Responsible Officer obtaining actual knowledge of such interim event. If the value of any Portfolio Investment as most recently determined by the Borrower pursuant to this
Section 5.12(b)(ii)(C) is lower than the value of such Portfolio Investment as most recently determined pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii)(A) and (B), such lower value shall be deemed to
be the Value of such Portfolio Investment for purposes hereof; provided that, the Value of any Portfolio Investment of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be increased by the net unrealized gain as of the date such Value is
determined of any Hedging Agreement entered into to hedge risks associated with such Portfolio Investment and reduced by the net unrealized loss as of such date of any such Hedging Agreement (such net unrealized gain or net unrealized loss, on any
date, to be equal to the aggregate amount receivable or payable under the related Hedging Agreement if the same were terminated on such date). 

122 

(D) Failure to Determine Values. If the Borrower shall fail to
determine the value of any Portfolio Investment as of any date pursuant to the requirements of the foregoing sub-clause (A), (B) or (C), then the Value of such Portfolio
Investment as of such date shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of the Borrowing Base until such time as the value of such Portfolio Investment is otherwise determined or reviewed, as applicable, in accordance herewith. 

(E) Testing of Values. 

(x) In the second calendar month immediately following the end of each fiscal quarter (the last day of such calendar month,
the Valuation Testing Date, and the last such fiscal quarter, the Testing Period), the Administrative Agent shall have the right to cause an Agent-Selected Third-Party Appraiser to value such number of Unquoted
Investments (selected by the Administrative Agent) that collectively have an aggregate Value approximately equal to the Calculation Amount; provided, that, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any such Unquoted
Investments selected by the Administrative Agent shall be Investments that are included in the Borrowing Base. The Administrative Agent agrees to notify the Borrower in writing of the Unquoted Investments selected by the Administrative Agent to be
tested in each Testing Period, not later than 15 days prior to the Valuation Testing Date (or such later date as agreed to between the Administrative Agent and the Borrower). If there is a difference between the Borrowers valuation and the
Approved Third-Party Appraisers valuation of any Unquoted Investment, the Value of such Unquoted Investment for Borrowing Base purposes shall be established as set forth in sub-clause
(F) below. 

(y) For the avoidance of doubt, the valuation of any Agent Selected Third-Party Appraiser will be as
of the Valuation Testing Date and shall be reflected in the Borrowing Base Certificate for the monthly accounting period ending on the Valuation Testing Date if such Approved Third-Party Appraiser delivers such valuation at least seven Business Days
before the 20th day after the end of the applicable monthly accounting period and, if such valuation is delivered after such time, it shall, subject to clause (F) below, be included in the
Borrowing Base Certificate for the following monthly period and applied to the then applicable balance of the related Portfolio Investment. For illustrative purposes, if the given fiscal quarter is the fourth quarter ending on December 31,
2023, then (A) the Administrative Agent would initiate the testing of Values (using the December 31, 2023 Values) for purposes of determining the scope of the testing under clause (E)(x) during the month of February with the
anticipation of receiving the valuations from the applicable Approved Third-Party Appraiser(s) on or after February 29, 2024 and (B)(1) if such 

123 

valuations were received before the seventh Business Day before March 20, 2024, such valuations would be included in the March 20, 2024 Borrowing Base Certificate covering the month of
February, or (2) if such valuations were received after such time, they would, subject to clause (F) below, be included in the April 20, 2024 Borrowing Base Certificate for the month of March. 

For the avoidance of doubt, all calculations of value pursuant to this Section 5.12(b)(ii)(E) shall be determined
without application of the Advance Rates. 

(F) Valuation Dispute Resolution. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Administrative Agent shall at any time have the right to request, in its reasonable discretion, any Unquoted Investment included in the Borrowing Base with a value determined pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii) (other than, so
long as no Event of Default exists, any Portfolio Investment included in the Borrowing Base tested pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii)(E) as of the most recent Testing Period) to be independently valued by an Agent-Selected Third-Party Appraiser.
There shall be no limit on the number of such appraisals requested by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion; provided that, (i) any appraisal shall be conducted in a manner that is not disruptive to the Borrowers business
and (ii) the values determined by any appraisal shall be treated as confidential information by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and shall be deemed to be Information hereunder and subject to
Section 9.13 hereof. The reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs of any such valuation shall be at the expense of the Borrower;
provided that, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrowers obligations to reimburse valuation costs incurred by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 5.12(b)(ii)(F)
shall be limited to an aggregate annual amount equal to the greater of $125,000 and 0.025% of the aggregate Commitments (the Supplemental Testing Expense Cap). The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of its receipt of
results from an Approved Third-Party Appraiser of any appraisal and provide a copy of the results and any related reports to the Borrower. If the difference between the Borrowers valuation pursuant to
Section 5.12(b)(ii)(B) and the valuation of any Agent-Selected Third-Party Appraiser pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii)(E) or (F) is (1) less than 5% of the Borrowers value thereof,
then the Borrowers valuation shall be used, (2) between 5% and 20% of the Borrowers value thereof, then the valuation of such Portfolio Investment shall be the average of the value determined by the Borrower and the value determined
by the Approved Third-Party Appraiser retained by the Administrative Agent and (3) greater than 20% of the Borrowers value thereof, then the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall select an additional Approved Third-Party Appraiser
and the valuation of such Portfolio Investment shall be the average of the three valuations (with the average of the Administrative Agents Approved Third-Party Appraisers valuation and the Borrowers valuation to be used until the
third valuation is obtained). For the avoidance of doubt, Portfolio Investments that are part of the Collateral but not included in the Borrowing Base as of the most recent Testing Period shall not be subject to testing under this
Section 5.12(b)(ii)(F). 

124 

(iii) Generally Applicable Valuation Provisions. 

(A) Each Approved Third-Party Appraiser (whether selected by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) shall apply a recognized
valuation methodology that is commonly accepted in the Borrowers industry for valuing Portfolio Investments of the type being valued and held by the Obligors. The value of any Portfolio Investment for which the valuation of an Approved
Third-Party Appraiser (whether selected by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) is used shall be the midpoint of the range (if any) determined by the Approved Third-Party Appraiser. Other procedures relating to the valuation will be reasonably
agreed upon by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 

(B) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
from the Effective Date until the date when the first valuation report with respect to the applicable Portfolio Investment is required to be delivered under Section 5.12(b)(ii)(B) or (E), as applicable, the Value of any Portfolio Investment
included in the Borrowing Base shall be the Value as delivered to the Collateral Agent on or prior to the Effective Date. For the avoidance of doubt, subject to Section 5.12(b)(ii)(B) the value of any Portfolio Investments
determined in accordance with any provision of this Section 5.12 shall be the Value of such Portfolio Investment for purposes of this Agreement until a new Value for such Portfolio Investment is subsequently required to be
determined in good faith in accordance with this Section 5.12. 

(C) The foregoing valuation
procedures shall only be required to be used for purposes of calculating the Borrowing Base and shall not be required to be utilized by the Borrower for any other purposes, including, without limitation, the delivery of financial statements or
valuations required under ASC820 or the Investment Company Act or otherwise. 

(D) The Administrative Agent shall notify the
Borrower of its receipt of the final results of any such test promptly upon its receipt thereof and shall provide a copy of such results and the related report to the Borrower promptly upon the Borrowers request. 

(E) The Administrative Agent and each Lender acknowledges that it may be required to enter into a non-reliance letter, confidentiality agreement or similar agreement requested or required by a proposed appraiser to allow the Administrative Agent or such Lender to review any written valuation report.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, there shall be no requirement to disclose any portion of any report submitted by an Approved Third-Party Appraiser without such a non-reliance letter
if such non-reliance letter is required by such Approved Third-Party Appraiser as a condition to such disclosure. 

(c) Investment Company Diversification Requirements. The Borrower will, on a consolidated basis and at all times, subject to applicable
grace or cure periods set forth in the Code, comply with the portfolio diversification and similar requirements set forth in the Code applicable to RICs, where applicable. 

125 

(d) Participation Interests. The Value attributable to any Participation Interest
shall be the Value determined with respect to the underlying portfolio investment related to such Participation Interest in accordance with this Section 5.12, provided any participation interest that does not satisfy the
definition of Participation Interest shall have a Value of zero (0) for purposes of this Agreement. 

(e) Foreign Investments.
The Value or the fair market value of any Investment that is denominated in any Foreign Currency shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.05. 

SECTION 5.13. Calculation of Borrowing Base. For purposes of this Agreement, the Borrowing Base shall be determined,
as of any date of determination, as the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (x) the Value of each Portfolio Investment in the Collateral Pool (excluding any Cash Collateral held by the Administrative Agent pursuant to
Section 2.05(k) or the last paragraph of Section 2.09(a)) to the extent the Borrower elects to include such Portfolio Investments in the Borrowing Base and (y) the applicable Advance Rate for
such Portfolio Investment; provided that: 

(a) if, as of such date of determination, the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is
(i) greater than or equal to 2.00:1:00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base of all issuers in a consolidated group of corporations or other entities in
accordance with GAAP exceeding 6% of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base, shall be 50% of the otherwise applicable Advance Rate; (ii) less than 2.00:1:00 and greater than or equal to 1.75:1.00, the
Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base of all issuers in a consolidated group of corporations or other entities in accordance with GAAP exceeding 5% of the aggregate
Value of all Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base, shall be 50% of the otherwise applicable Advance Rate or (iii) less than 1.75:1:00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio
Investments included in the Borrowing Base of all issuers in a consolidated group of corporations or other entities in accordance with GAAP exceeding 4% of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base, shall be 50%
of the otherwise applicable Advance Rate; 

(b) if, as of such date of determination, the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is (i) greater
than or equal to 2.00:1:00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base of all issuers in a consolidated group of corporations or other entities in accordance with
GAAP exceeding 12% of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base shall be 0%; (ii) less than 2.00:1:00 and greater than or equal to 1.75:1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of
the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base of all issuers in a consolidated group of corporations or other entities in accordance with GAAP exceeding 10% of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing
Base shall be 0% or (iii) less than 1.75:1:00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base of all issuers in a consolidated group of corporations or other
entities in accordance with GAAP exceeding 8% of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base shall be 0%; 

126 

(c) if, as of such date of determination, the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is
(i) greater than or equal to 2.00:1:00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base in any single Industry Classification Group that exceeds 25% of the aggregate
Value of all Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base shall be 0%; provided that, with respect to Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base in a single Industry Classification Group from time to time designated by the Borrower
to the Administrative Agent, solely to the extent that the Value of the Portfolio Investments included in such designated Industry Classification Group exceeds 25% of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base,
such 25% figure shall be increased to 30% for such Industry Classification Group, (ii) less than 2.00:1:00 and greater than or equal to 1.75:1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments
included in the Borrowing Base in any single Industry Classification Group that exceeds 20% of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base shall be 0%; provided that, with respect to Portfolio Investments included
in the Borrowing Base in a single Industry Classification Group from time to time designated by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, solely to the extent that the Value of the Portfolio Investments included in such designated Industry
Classification Group exceeds 20% of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base, such 20% figure shall be increased to 25% for such Industry Classification Group, or (iii) less than 1.75:1:00, the Advance
Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base in any single Industry Classification Group that exceeds 20% of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments included in the
Borrowing Base shall be 0%; 

(d) if, as of such date of determination, the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is (i) greater than or equal
to 2.00:1:00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Borrowers investments in Non-Core Investments shall be 0% to the extent necessary so that no more than 20% of the
Borrowing Base is attributable to such Non-Core Investments, (ii) less than 2.00:1:00 and greater than or equal to 1.75:1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the
Borrowers investments in Non-Core Investments shall be 0% to the extent necessary so that no more than 10% of the Borrowing Base is attributable to such Non-Core
Investments or (iii) less than 1.75:1:00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Borrowers investments in Non-Core Investments shall be 0% to the extent necessary
so that no more than 5% of the Borrowing Base is attributable to such Non-Core Investments; 

(e)
if, as of such date of determination, the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is (i) less than 2.00:1:00 and greater than or equal to 1.75:1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Borrowers investments in
Junior Investments and Non-Core Investments shall be 0% to the extent necessary so that no more than 30% of the Borrowing Base is attributable to such Investments or (ii) less than 1.75:1:00, the Advance
Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Borrowers investments in Junior Investments and Non-Core Investments shall be 0% to the extent necessary so that no more than 20% of the
Borrowing Base is attributable to such Investments; 

127 

(f) if, as of such date of determination, (i)(A) the Borrowing Base (without giving effect
to any adjustment required pursuant to this paragraph (f), the Gross Borrowing Base) is less than 1.5 times the Senior Debt Amount and (B) the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is less than 2.00:1:00 and greater than or equal to
1.75:1.00, then the Borrowing Base shall be reduced to the extent necessary such that the contribution of Senior Investments to the Borrowing Base may not be less than 60% of the Borrowing Base, (ii)(A) the Gross Borrowing Base is less than 1.5
times the Senior Debt Amount and (B) the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is less than 1.75:1.00, then the Borrowing Base shall be reduced to the extent necessary such that the contribution of Senior Investments to the Borrowing Base may not be
less than 75% of the Borrowing Base, or (iii)(A) the Gross Borrowing Base is greater than or equal to 1.5 times the Senior Debt Amount and (B) the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is less than 1.75:1.00, then the Borrowing Base shall be reduced to
the extent necessary such that the contribution of Senior Investments to the Borrowing Base may not be less than 25% of the Borrowing Base; and 

(g) no Participation Interest may be included in the Borrowing Base for more than ninety (90) days. 

For the avoidance of doubt (i) to avoid double-counting of excess concentrations, any Advance Rate reductions set forth above shall be without
duplication of any other such Advance Rate reductions and (b) to the extent the Borrowing Base is required to be reduced to comply with the limitations set forth above, the Borrower shall be permitted to choose the Portfolio Investments to be
excluded from the Borrowing Base to effect such reduction. 

As used in this Section 5.13, the following terms have the following
meanings: 

Advance Rate means, as to any Portfolio Investment as of any date and subject to adjustment as provided in
Sections 5.13(a) through (g), as applicable, and as provided below based on the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio as of such date, the following percentages with respect to such Portfolio Investment: 

Portfolio Investment Advance Rates 

Relevant Asset

Coverage Ratio >

2.00:1.00 2.00:1.00 >

Relevant Asset

Coverage Ratio 

1.75:1.00 1.75:1.00 >

Relevant Asset

Coverage Ratio 

1.50:1.00 

Quoted Unquoted Quoted Unquoted Quoted Unquoted 

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Short-Term U.S. Government Securities 100 % 100 % 100 % 

Long-Term U.S. Government Securities 95 % 95 % 95 % 

Performing Cash Pay First Lien Bank Loans 85 % 75 % 85 % 75 % 85 % 75 % 

Performing Cash Pay First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans 85 % 75 % 80 % 70 % 75 % 65 % 

128 

Performing Cash Pay First Lien Last Out Bank Loans 80 % 70 % 75 % 65 % 70 % 60 % 

Performing Cash Pay Second Lien Bank Loans 75 % 65 % 70 % 60 % 65 % 55 % 

Performing Cash Pay High Yield Securities 70 % 60 % 65 % 55 % 60 % 50 % 

Performing Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments 65 % 55 % 60 % 50 % 55 % 45 % 

Performing Non-Cash Pay Bank Loans 65 % 55 % 60 % 50 % 55 % 45 % 

Performing Non-Cash Pay High Yield Securities 60 % 50 % 55 % 45 % 50 % 40 % 

Performing Non-Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments 55 % 45 % 50 % 40 % 45 % 35 % 

Performing Preferred Equity 55 % 45 % 50 % 40 % 45 % 35 % 

Non-Performing First Lien Bank Loans 45 % 45 % 40 % 40 % 35 % 35 % 

Non-Performing First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans 45 % 45 % 40 % 40 % 35 % 35 % 

Non-Performing First Lien Last Out Bank Loans 40 % 40 % 35 % 35 % 30 % 30 % 

Performing DIP Loans 40 % 35 % 35 % 30 % 30 % 25 % 

Non-Performing Second Lien Bank Loans 40 % 30 % 35 % 25 % 30 % 20 % 

Non-Performing High Yield Securities 30 % 30 % 25 % 25 % 20 % 20 % 

Non-Performing Mezzanine Investments 30 % 25 % 25 % 20 % 20 % 20 % 

Performing Common Equity 30 % 20 % 25 % 20 % 20 % 20 % 

Non-Performing DIP Loans 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 

Non-Performing Preferred Equity 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 

Non-Performing Common Equity 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 

Structured Finance Obligations and Finance Leases 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 

129 

Bank Loans means debt obligations (including term loans, notes, revolving
loans, debtor-in-possession financings, the funded and unfunded portion of revolving credit lines and letter of credit facilities and other similar loans and investments
including interim loans, bridge loans, and senior subordinated loans) which are generally documented under a loan or credit facility, note purchase agreement or other similar financing arrangement facility (whether or not syndicated). 

Capital Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.01. 

Cash has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.01. 

Cash Equivalents has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.01. 

Cash Pay Bank Loan means First Lien Bank Loans, First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans, First Lien Last Out Bank Loans and Second
Lien Bank Loans as to which, at the time of determination, (x) all of the interest on which is payable not less frequently than semi-annually and for which not less than 2/3rds of the interest (including accretions and pay-in-kind interest) for the current period is payable in cash at least semi-annually or (y)(i) if such Bank Loan is a floating rate obligation, cash interest in
an amount greater than or equal to 2.00% per annum above the applicable benchmark rate is payable at least semi-annually or (ii) if such Bank Loan is a fixed rate obligation, cash interest in an amount greater than or equal to 5.50% per annum
is payable at least semi-annually. 

DIP Loan means a loan made to a debtor-in-possession pursuant to Section 364 of the Bankruptcy Code having the priority allowed by either Section 364(c) or 364(d) of the Bankruptcy Code. 

Finance Lease means any transaction representing the obligation of a lessee to pay rent or other amounts under a lease
which is required to be classified and accounted for as a capital lease on the balance sheet of such lessee under GAAP. 

First
Lien Bank Loan means a Bank Loan (other than a DIP Loan) that is entitled to the benefit of a first lien and first priority perfected security interest (subject to any security interest to secure a Superpriority Revolver and other
customary encumbrances) on a substantial portion of the assets (subject to customary exceptions) of the respective borrower and guarantors obligated in respect thereof; provided that any First Lien Bank Loan that is also a First Lien
Unitranche Bank Loan shall be treated for purposes of determining the applicable Advance Rate as a First Lien Unitranche Bank Loan; provided, further, that any First Lien Bank Loan that is also a First Lien Last Out Bank Loan shall be
treated for purposes of determining the applicable Advance Rate as a First Lien Last Out Bank Loan. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent that, and only for so long as, any Superpriority Revolver exceeds the amount permitted under clause
(c) of the definition thereof, an Obligors investment in such applicable Bank Loan shall be treated as a Second Lien Bank Loan for purposes of determining the applicable Advance Rate for such Portfolio Investment under this Agreement.

First Lien Last Out Bank Loan means a Bank Loan that is a First Lien Bank Loan, a portion of which is, in effect,
subject to debt subordination and superpriority rights of other lenders following an event of default (such portion, a last out portion); provided that the aggregate principal amount of the last out portion of such
Bank Loan is at least 50% of the aggregate principal amount of any first out portion of such Bank Loan, provided, further, that 

130 

the underlying obligor with respect to such Bank Loan shall have a ratio of first lien debt (including the first out portion of such Bank Loan, but excluding the last out
portion of such Bank Loan) to EBITDA that does not exceed 3.25:1.00 and a ratio of aggregate first lien debt (including both the first out portion and the last out portion of such Bank Loan) to EBITDA that does not exceed
5.25:1.00. An Obligor investment in the last out portion of a First Lien Last Out Bank Loan shall be treated as a First Lien Last Out Bank Loan for purposes of determining the applicable Advance Rate for such Portfolio Investment. For
the avoidance of doubt, an Obligors investment in the portion of such Bank Loan that is not the last out portion (the first out portion) shall be treated as a First Lien Bank Loan for purposes of determining the applicable Advance
Rate for such Portfolio Investment and whether such Portfolio Investment constitutes a Senior Investment, and an Obligors investment in any last out portion of a First Lien Bank Loan that does not meet the foregoing
criteria shall be treated as a Second Lien Bank Loan for purposes of determining the applicable Advance Rate for such Portfolio Investment and whether such Portfolio Investment constitutes a Senior Investment. 

First Lien Unitranche Bank Loan means a First Lien Bank Loan with a ratio of first lien debt to EBITDA that exceeds
5.25:1.00. For the avoidance of doubt, an Obligors investment in the portion of such Bank Loan that does not exceed 5.25:1.00 shall be treated as a First Lien Bank Loan for purposes of determining the applicable Advance Rate for such Portfolio
Investment. 

High Yield Securities means debt Securities (a) issued by public or private issuers, (b) issued
pursuant to an effective registration statement or pursuant to Rule 144A or other exemption under the Securities Act (or any successor provision thereunder) and (c) that are not Cash Equivalents, Mezzanine Investments (described under clause
(i) of the definition thereof) or Bank Loans. 

Junior Investments means, collectively, Performing Cash Pay High
Yield Securities and Performing Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments. 

Long-Term U.S. Government Securities means U.S.
Government Securities maturing more than one year from the applicable date of determination. 

Mezzanine Investments
means (i) debt Securities (including convertible debt Securities (other than the in-the-money equity component thereof)) that are (a) issued by
public or private issuers, (b) issued without registration under the Securities Act, (c) not issued pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act (or any successor provision thereunder), (d) that are not Cash Equivalents and
(e) contractually subordinated in right of payment to other debt of the same issuer and (ii) a Bank Loan that is not a First Lien Bank Loan, First Lien Last Out Bank Loan, First Lien Unitranche Bank Loan, Second Lien Bank Loan or a High
Yield Security. 

Non-Core Investments means, collectively, Performing Common
Equity, Performing Preferred Equity, Non-Performing Bank Loans, Non-Performing High Yield Securities, Non-Performing Mezzanine
Investments, Performing DIP Loans, Performing Non-Cash Pay Bank Loans, Performing Non-Cash Pay High Yield Securities and Performing
Non-Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments. 

131 

Non-Performing Bank Loans means,
collectively, Non-Performing First Lien Bank Loans, Non-Performing First Lien Last Out Bank Loans, Non-Performing First Lien
Unitranche Bank Loans and Non-Performing Second Lien Bank Loans. 

Non-Performing Common Equity means Capital Stock (other than Preferred Equity) and warrants of an issuer having any debt outstanding that is non-Performing.

Non-Performing DIP Loans means DIP Loans other than Performing DIP Loans. 

Non-Performing First Lien Bank Loans means First Lien Bank Loans other than
Performing Cash Pay First Lien Bank Loans and Performing Non-Cash Pay First Lien Bank Loans. 

Non-Performing First Lien Last Out Bank Loans means First Lien Last Out Bank Loans
other than Performing Cash Pay First Lien Last Out Bank Loans and Performing Non-Cash Pay First Lien Last Out Bank Loans. 

Non-Performing First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans means First Lien Unitranche Bank
Loans other than Performing Cash Pay First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans and Performing Non-Cash Pay First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans. 

Non-Performing High Yield Securities means High Yield Securities other than
Performing Cash Pay High Yield Securities and Performing Non-Cash Pay High Yield Securities. 

Non-Performing Mezzanine Investments means Mezzanine Investments other than
Performing Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments and Performing Non-Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments. 

Non-Performing Portfolio Investments means
Non-Performing First Lien Bank Loans, Non-Performing First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans, Non-Performing First Lien Last Out Bank
Loans, Non-Performing Second Lien Bank Loans, Non-Performing High Yield Securities and Non-Performing Mezzanine Investments. 

Non-Performing Preferred Equity means Preferred Equity other than Performing
Preferred Equity. 

Non-Performing Second Lien Bank Loans means Second Lien Bank
Loans other than Performing Cash Pay Second Lien Bank Loans and Performing Non-Cash Pay Second Lien Bank Loans. 

Participation Interest means a participation interest (excluding any
sub-participation interests) in an investment that at the time of acquisition by an Obligor satisfies each of the following criteria: (a) the underlying investment would constitute a Portfolio Investment
were it acquired directly by such Obligor, (b) the seller of the participation is an Excluded Asset, (c) the entire purchase price for such participation is paid in full at the time of its acquisition and (d) the participation
provides the participant all of the economic benefit and risk of the whole or part of such portfolio investment that is the subject of such participation. 

132 

Performing means (a) with respect to any Portfolio Investment that
is debt, the issuer of such Portfolio Investment is not, at the time of determination, in default of any payment obligations outstanding with respect to accrued and unpaid interest or principal in respect thereof, after the receipt of any notice
and/or the expiration of any applicable grace period and (b) with respect to any Portfolio Investment that is Preferred Equity, the issuer of such Portfolio Investment has not failed to meet any scheduled redemption obligations or to pay its
latest declared cash dividend, after the expiration of any applicable grace period. 

Performing Cash Pay First Lien Bank
Loans means First Lien Bank Loans which are Cash Pay Bank Loans and are Performing. 

Performing Cash Pay First Lien
Last Out Bank Loans means First Lien Last Out Bank Loans which are Cash Pay Bank Loans and are Performing. 

Performing
Cash Pay First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans means First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans which are Cash Pay Bank Loans and are Performing. 

Performing Cash Pay High Yield Securities means High Yield Securities (a) as to which, at the time of determination,
(x) not less than 2/3rds of the interest (including accretions and pay-in-kind interest) for the current monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual
period (as applicable) is payable in cash or (y) if the immediately preceding clause (x) does not apply, (i) if such High Yield Security is a floating rate obligation, cash interest in an amount greater than or equal to 2.00% per
annum above the applicable benchmark rate is payable at least semi-annually or (ii) if such High Yield Security is a fixed rate obligation, cash interest in an amount greater than or equal to 5.50% per annum is payable at least semi-annually
and (b) which are Performing. 

Performing Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments means Mezzanine Investments (a) as
to which, at the time of determination, (x) not less than 2/3rds of the interest (including accretions and pay-in-kind interest) for the current
monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual period (as applicable) is payable in cash, or (y) if the immediately preceding clause (x) does not apply, (i) if such Mezzanine Investment is a floating rate obligation, cash interest in an
amount greater than or equal to 2.00% per annum above the applicable benchmark rate is payable at least semi-annually or (ii) if such Mezzanine Investment is a fixed rate obligation, cash interest in an amount greater than or equal to 5.50% per
annum is payable at least semi-annually and (b) which are Performing. 

Performing Cash Pay Second Lien Bank Loans
means Second Lien Bank Loans which are Cash Pay Bank Loans and are Performing. 

Performing Common Equity means Capital
Stock (other than Preferred Equity) and warrants of an issuer all of whose outstanding debt is Performing. 

Performing DIP
Loans means DIP Loans that are Performing. 

Performing First Lien Bank Loans means First Lien Bank Loans
which are Cash Pay Bank Loans and are Performing. 

133 

Performing First Lien Last Out Bank Loans means First Lien Last Out Bank
Loans which are Cash Pay Bank Loans and are Performing 

Performing First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans means First Lien
Unitranche Bank Loans which are Cash Pay Bank Loans and are Performing. 

Performing High Yield Securities means High
Yield Securities which are Performing. 

Performing Mezzanine Investments means Mezzanine Investments which are
Performing. 

Performing Non-Cash Pay Bank Loans means Performing Non-Cash Pay First Lien Bank Loans, Performing Non-Cash Pay First Lien Last Out Bank Loans, Performing Non-Cash Pay First Lien
Unitranche Bank Loans and Performing Non-Cash Pay Second Lien Bank Loans. 

Performing Non-Cash Pay First Lien Bank Loans means First Lien Bank Loans which are not Cash Pay Bank Loans and are Performing. 

Performing Non-Cash Pay First Lien Last Out Bank Loans means First Lien Last Out
Bank Loans which are not Cash Pay Bank Loans and are Performing. 

Performing Non-Cash Pay
First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans means First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans which are not Cash Pay Bank Loans and are Performing. 

Performing Non-Cash Pay High Yield Securities means Performing High Yield
Securities other than Performing Cash Pay High Yield Securities. 

Performing Non-Cash Pay
Mezzanine Investments means Performing Mezzanine Investments other than Performing Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments. 

Performing Non-Cash Pay Second Lien Bank Loans means Second Lien Bank Loans which
are not Cash Pay Bank Loans and are Performing. 

Performing Preferred Equity means Preferred Equity which is
Performing. 

Preferred Equity means, as applied to the Capital Stock of any Person Capital Stock of such Person of any
class or classes (however designated) that ranks prior, as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of such Person, to any shares (or other interests) of
other Capital Stock of such Person, and shall include, without limitation, cumulative preferred, non-cumulative preferred, participating preferred and convertible preferred Capital Stock. 

Second Lien Bank Loan means a Bank Loan (other than a First Lien Bank Loan or a DIP Loan) that is entitled to the benefit
of a first and/or second lien and first and/or second priority perfected security interest (subject to customary encumbrances) on a substantial portion of the assets of the respective borrower and guarantors obligated in respect thereof. 

134 

Securities means common and preferred stock, units and participations,
member interests in limited liability companies, partnership interests in partnerships, notes, bonds, debentures, trust receipts and other obligations, instruments or evidences of indebtedness, including debt instruments of public and private
issuers and tax-exempt securities (including warrants, rights, put and call options and other options relating thereto, representing rights, or any combination thereof) and other property or interests commonly
regarded as securities or any form of interest or participation therein, but not including Bank Loans. 

Securities Act
means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Senior Debt Amount means, as of any date, the greater of
(i) the Covered Debt Amount and (ii) the Combined Debt Amount. 

Senior Investments means Cash, Cash
Equivalents, Short-Term U.S. Government Securities, Long-Term U.S. Government Securities, Performing Cash Pay First Lien Bank Loans, Performing Cash Pay First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans, and Performing Cash Pay First Lien Last Out Bank Loans. 

Short-Term U.S. Government Securities means U.S. Government Securities maturing within one year of the applicable date of
determination. 

Structured Finance Obligation means any obligation issued by a special purpose vehicle and secured
directly by, referenced to, or representing ownership of, a pool of receivables or other financial assets of any obligor, including collateralized debt obligations and mortgaged-backed securities. For the avoidance of doubt, if an obligation
satisfies the definition of Structured Finance Obligation, such obligation shall not (a) qualify as any other category of Portfolio Investment and (b) be included in the Borrowing Base. 

Superpriority Revolver means, with respect to any borrower under a Bank Loan, a senior facility (including any
ABL revolver) for such borrower and/or any of its parents and/or subsidiaries; provided that (a) such Bank Loan has a second-priority lien on the collateral that is subject to the first-priority lien of such senior
facility (or a pari passu lien on such collateral), (b) such senior facility is not secured by any other assets (other than a pari passu lien or a second-priority lien on any collateral that is subject to a pari passu lien or a first-priority
lien of such Bank Loan) and does not benefit from any standstill rights (other than customary rights) and (c) the maximum outstanding principal amount of such senior facility (i) is not greater than 15% of the aggregate enterprise value of
such borrower (as determined at the time of closing of the transaction, and thereafter an enterprise value for such borrower determined in a manner consistent with the valuation methodology applied in the valuation for such borrower as determined by
the External Manager (so long as it has the necessary delegated authority) or the Borrowers board of trustees (or the appropriate committee thereof with the necessary delegated authority) in a commercially reasonable manner, including the use
of an Approved Third-Party Appraiser in the case of Unquoted Investments) and (ii) is not greater than the lower of (x) 1.0x EBITDA of the borrower under such Bank Loan, and (y) 20% of the outstanding amount of the associated
first-priority lien loan. 

135 

U.S. Government Securities has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 1.01. 

Value means, with respect to any Portfolio Investment, the lower of: 

(i) the most recent internal market value as determined pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii)(C) and

(ii) the most recent external market value as determined pursuant to
Sections 5.12(b)(ii)(A) and (B). 

ARTICLE VI 

NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

Until
the Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have expired, been terminated, Cash Collateralized or backstopped and all LC
Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that: 

SECTION 6.01. Indebtedness. The
Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of the Subsidiary Guarantors to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness (for clarity, with respect to revolving loan facilities or staged advance loan facilities, incurrence
shall be deemed to take place only at the time such facility is entered into or the aggregate commitments thereunder are increased or extended and, solely for purposes of satisfying the incurrence tests in this Section 6.01, shall be deemed to
be fully drawn with respect to any commitments that have not expired or been terminated and are, subject to the satisfaction of customary credit event conditions, available to be drawn; provided that such commitments shall in no event include
(i) any delayed draw portion that has not yet been funded (which delayed draw portion shall be incurred when funded) or (ii) any accordion capacity that has not yet been exercised), except: 

(a) Indebtedness created hereunder or under any other Loan Document; 

(b) Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness and Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness so long as, after giving effect to the incurrence thereof and any
Concurrent Transaction, (i) the aggregate amount of such Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness and Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness, taken together with other then-outstanding Indebtedness that constitutes senior securities (immediately after
giving effect to its incurrence), does not exceed the amount required to comply with the provisions of Sections 6.07(b), (ii) no Specified Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, and
(iii) the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed the Borrowing Base then in effect; 

(c) Other Permitted Indebtedness; 

(d) Guarantees of Indebtedness of any Obligor otherwise permitted under this Section 6.01; 

136 

(e) (i) Indebtedness of the Borrower to or from any other Obligor,
(ii) Indebtedness of an Obligor to or from another Obligor or (iii) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Obligor to a Financing Subsidiary or a Permitted CLO Issuer to the extent a court determines a transfer of assets from such
Obligor to such Financing Subsidiary or Permitted CLO Issuer did not constitute a true sale; provided, that with respect to this clause (iii), the holders of such Indebtedness have recourse only to the assets purported to be transferred to such
Financing Subsidiary or Permitted CLO Issuer and to no other assets of the Obligors in connection with such Indebtedness; 

(f) [reserved];

(g) (i) repurchase obligations arising in the ordinary course of business with respect to U.S. Government Securities and
(ii) Contingent Secured Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding $100,000,000 at any one time outstanding so long as, in the case of this clause (ii), immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of such Contingent
Secured Indebtedness and any Concurrent Transaction, (w) no Specified Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (x) the Borrower is in pro forma compliance with Section 6.07(b), (y) the
Covered Debt Amount does not exceed the Borrowing Base then in effect and (z) no Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency shall have occurred and be continuing; 

(h) obligations payable to clearing agencies, brokers or dealers in connection with the purchase or sale of securities in the ordinary course
of business; 

(i) Secured Shorter-Term Indebtedness so long as, after giving effect to the incurrence thereof and any Concurrent
Transaction, (i) the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed the greater of (A) $20,000,000 and (B) 5% of Shareholders Equity, (measured at the time of incurrence), (ii) the aggregate principal amount of such
Indebtedness (determined at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness), taken together with other then-outstanding Indebtedness that constitutes senior securities, does not exceed the amount required to comply with the provisions of
Section 6.07(b), (iii) no Specified Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (iv) the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed the Borrowing Base then in effect, and (v) solely to the extent
that such Indebtedness constitutes Contingent Secured Indebtedness, no Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency shall have occurred and be continuing; 

(j) obligations (including Guarantees) in respect of Standard Securitization Undertakings (other than SPE Subsidiary Recourse
Obligations); 

(k) Permitted SBIC Guarantees and any SBIC Equity Commitment or analogous commitment; 

(l) [reserved]; 

(m) Unsecured
Shorter-Term Indebtedness so long as, after giving effect to the incurrence thereof and any Concurrent Transaction, (i) the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness (determined at the time of the incurrence of such Indebtedness) does not
exceed the greater of (x) $100,000,000 and (y) 15% of Shareholders Equity, (ii) the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness (determined at the time of the incurrence of such Indebtedness),

137 

taken together with then-outstanding Special Unsecured Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(n), does not exceed the greater of (x) $200,000,000 and (y) 30% of
Shareholders Equity, (iii) the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness, taken together with other then-outstanding Indebtedness that constitutes senior securities, does not exceed the amount required to comply with the provisions
of Section 6.07(b), (iv) no Specified Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, and (v) the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed the Borrowing Base then in effect; 

(n) Special Unsecured Indebtedness so long as, after giving effect to the incurrence thereof and any Concurrent Transaction, (i) the
aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness (determined at the time of the incurrence of such Indebtedness), taken together with then-outstanding Unsecured Shorter-Term Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(m),
does not exceed the greater of (x) $200,000,000 and (y) 30% of Shareholders Equity, (ii) the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness, taken together with other then-outstanding Indebtedness that constitutes senior securities, does
not exceed the amount required to comply with the provisions of Section 6.07(b), (iii) no Specified Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, and (iv) the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed
the Borrowing Base then in effect; 

(o) other Indebtedness (which may include, for the avoidance of doubt, SPE Subsidiary Recourse
Obligations) in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed $10,000,000 at any one time outstanding; and 

(p) Indebtedness
under any Capital Call Facility the aggregate principal amount of which does not exceed, at the time incurred, the Borrowers aggregate Unused Capital Commitments (or similar defined term used for the purposes contemplated herein, in each case,
as defined in each of Borrowers subscription agreements, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, renewed or otherwise modified from time to time) of its investors. 

SECTION 6.02. Liens. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of the Subsidiary Guarantors to, create, incur, assume or permit to
exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, or assign or sell any income or revenues (including accounts receivable) or rights in respect of any thereof (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include
participations in Investments to the extent that the portion of such Investment represented by such participation is not treated as a Portfolio Investment), except: 

(a) any Lien on any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor existing on the Effective Date and set forth in Part B of
Schedule 3.11 and any extensions, renewals and replacements thereof; provided that, (i) no such Lien shall extend to any other property or asset of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiary Guarantors other than (x) after-acquired property
that is affixed or incorporated into the property descriptions covered by such Lien as of the Effective Date and (y) proceeds and products thereof, accessions, replacements or additions thereto and improvements thereon, and (ii) any such
Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the Effective Date and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof or are otherwise permitted by
Section 6.01; 

138 

(b) Liens created pursuant to this Agreement (including
Section 2.19) or any of the Security Documents (including Liens in favor of the Designated Indebtedness Holders (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement)); 

(c) Liens on Special Equity Interests included in the Investments of the Borrower but only to the extent securing obligations in the manner
provided in the definition of Special Equity Interests in Section 1.01; 

(d) Liens securing
Indebtedness or other obligations (other than Contingent Secured Indebtedness) in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not exceeding $10,000,000 at any one time outstanding (which may cover Portfolio Investments, but only to the extent released
from, or otherwise not covered by, the Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 10.03 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement), so long as immediately after giving effect to the granting of such Lien and any Concurrent
Transactions, (i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness of the Borrower that constitutes senior securities does not exceed the amount required to comply with the provisions of Section 6.07(b), (ii)
no Specified Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (iii) the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed the Borrowing Base; 

(e) Permitted Liens; 

(f) Liens
on (x) Equity Interests in any SBIC Subsidiary created in favor of the SBA or its designee (y) Equity Interests in any SPE Subsidiary in favor of and required by any lender providing third-party financing to such SPE Subsidiary and
(z) the direct ownership or economic interests, of any Obligor in an Excluded Asset to secure obligations owed to a creditor of such Excluded Asset; 

(g) Liens created by posting of cash collateral in connection with (i) Hedging Agreements permitted under
Section 6.04(c); 

(h) (i) Liens on assets not constituting Collateral securing Indebtedness permitted under
Section 6.01(g)(i) and (ii) Liens on Investments subject to a repurchase obligation permitted under Section 6.01(g)(ii), 6.01(i) or otherwise solely to the extent such Lien only covers
(A) such Investments that are subject to the repurchase obligation on the date such obligation was incurred under Section 6.01(g)(ii) or 6.01(i) or (B) such other Investments (which, in the case of any
Investments that secure Contingent Secured Indebtedness, are permitted to secure Contingent Secured Indebtedness pursuant to the definition thereof) so long as immediately after giving effect to the granting of such Lien on such other Investments
and any Concurrent Transaction, (x) no Specified Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (y) the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed the Borrowing Base and (z) solely to the extent that such Liens secure
Contingent Secured Indebtedness, no Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency shall have occurred and be continuing); and 

(i) Liens on the
capital commitments of the equity holders of the Borrower and assets related thereto in connection with any Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(p) (including any account pledged to the agent or lenders in respect to such Indebtedness but
excluding any Portfolio Investments, any proceeds of any Portfolio Investments and any cash or 

139 

other property that has been credited to a deposit account or securities account listed on Schedule 4 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement (as such schedule may be amended, modified or
otherwise supplemented from time to time pursuant to, and in accordance with, the Guarantee and Security Agreement). 

SECTION 6.03.
Fundamental Changes. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of the Subsidiary Guarantors to, enter into any transaction of merger or consolidation or amalgamation, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve or divide itself (or suffer any
liquidation, dissolution or division). The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of the Subsidiary Guarantors to, acquire any business or property from, or Capital Stock of, or be a party to any acquisition of, any Person, except for
purchases or acquisitions of Investments and other assets in the normal course of the day-to-day business activities of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and not in
violation of the terms and conditions of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of the Subsidiary Guarantors to, convey, sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of, in one transaction or a
series of transactions, any part of its assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, but excluding (i) any transaction permitted under Section 6.05 or 6.12; and (ii) assets (other than Investments) sold
or disposed of in the ordinary course of business (including to make expenditures of cash and Cash Equivalents in the normal course of the day-to-day business activities
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries). 

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6.03: 

(a) any Subsidiary Guarantor may be merged or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any other Subsidiary Guarantor; provided that if
any such transaction shall be between a Subsidiary Guarantor and a wholly owned Subsidiary Guarantor, the wholly owned Subsidiary Guarantor shall be the continuing or surviving entity; 

(b) any Subsidiary Guarantor may sell, lease, transfer (including a deemed transfer resulting from a division or plan of division) or otherwise
dispose of any or all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to the Borrower or any wholly owned Subsidiary Guarantor; 

(c) the Capital Stock of any Subsidiary of any Obligor may be sold, transferred (including a deemed transfer resulting from a division or plan
of division) or otherwise disposed of (including by way of consolidation or merger) (i) to the Borrower or any wholly owned Subsidiary Guarantor of the Borrower or (ii) so long as such transaction results in an Obligor receiving the
proceeds of such disposition, to any other Person provided that in the case of this clause (ii), (x) if such Person is an Affiliate of the Borrower that is not an Obligor, such transaction shall be at prices and on terms and conditions, taken as a
whole, not materially less favorable to such Obligor other than could reasonably be obtained on an arms-length basis from unrelated third parties, and (y) if such Subsidiary is a Subsidiary
Guarantor or holds any Portfolio Investments, the Borrower would not have been prohibited from disposing of all such Portfolio Investments and all other assets of such Subsidiary in one transaction to such other Person under any other term of this
Agreement; 

140 

(d) the Obligors may sell, transfer (including a deemed transfer resulting from a division
or plan of division) or otherwise Dispose of Investments (other than to any Subsidiary that is not an Excluded Asset or a Subsidiary Guarantor) so long as after giving effect to such sale, transfer or other disposition (and any Concurrent
Transaction) (x) the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed the Borrowing Base or (y) if such sale, transfer or other disposition is made pursuant to, and in accordance with, a plan submitted and accepted in accordance with clause
(e) of Article VII or, if the Administrative Agent otherwise consents in writing, the amount by which the Covered Debt Amount exceeds the Borrowing Base is reduced thereby; 

(e) the Obligors may sell, transfer (including a deemed transfer resulting from a division or plan of division) or otherwise Dispose of
Investments to any Subsidiary that is not an Excluded Asset or a Subsidiary Guarantor so long as, after giving effect to such sale, transfer or other disposition (and any Concurrent Transaction), (i) the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed the
Borrowing Base and (ii) either (x) the amount by which the Borrowing Base exceeds the Covered Debt Amount immediately prior to such sale, transfer or other disposition is not diminished as a result of such sale, transfer or other
disposition or (y) the Adjusted Gross Borrowing Base immediately after giving effect to such sale, transfer or other disposition is at least 110% of the Covered Debt Amount; provided that, for the purposes of this clause (ii) and in
connection with the organization of any CLO Security, the Borrowing Base, Adjusted Gross Borrowing Base and the Covered Debt Amount, as applicable, shall be tested as of the pricing date for such CLO Security; 

(f) the Borrower may merge or consolidate with, or acquire all or substantially all of the assets of, any other Person (including any
Subsidiary Guarantor) so long as (i) the Borrower is the continuing or surviving entity in such transaction and (ii) at the time thereof and after giving effect thereto and any Concurrent Transaction, no Specified Default or Event of
Default shall have occurred or be continuing; provided that, in no event shall the Borrower enter in any transaction of merger or consolidation or amalgamation, or effect any internal reorganization, if the surviving entity would be organized
under any jurisdiction other than a jurisdiction of the United States; 

(g) the Borrower and each of the Subsidiary Guarantors may sell,
lease, transfer (including a deemed transfer resulting from a division or plan of division) or otherwise dispose of equipment or other property or assets that do not consist of Investments so long as the aggregate amount of all such sales, leases,
transfer and dispositions does not exceed $5,000,000 in any fiscal year; 

(h) the Obligors may transfer assets to an Excluded Asset or a
Financing Subsidiary for the sole purpose of facilitating the transfer of assets (x) from one Excluded Asset or Financing Subsidiary (or a Subsidiary that was an Excluded Asset or a Financing Subsidiary immediately prior to such disposition) to
another Excluded Asset or Financing Subsidiary, directly or indirectly through such Obligor (such assets, the Transferred Assets); provided that (i) no Specified Default or Event of Default exists and is continuing at such
time, (ii) immediately after giving effect to such transfer and any Concurrent Transaction, the Covered Debt Amount shall not exceed the Borrowing Base at such time, (iii) the Transferred Assets were transferred to such Obligor by the
transferor Financing Subsidiary on the same Business Day that such assets are transferred by such Obligor to the transferee Excluded Asset or Financing Subsidiary and (iv) following such transfer such Obligor has no liability, actual or
contingent, with respect to the Transferred Assets other than Standard Securitization Undertakings and Permitted SBIC 

141 

Guarantees not prohibited by Section 6.01 and, solely in its capacity as collateral manager, investment manager or other similar roles for a CLO or SPV financing,
other obligations customary for such role (for the avoidance of doubt, in determining for the purposes of this Agreement whether any Obligor has received Net Cash Proceeds in respect of any transaction involving a Transferred Asset, the transfer of
such Transferred Asset to and from such Obligor shall be deemed to be a single transaction) and (y) in connection with a Back-to-Back Transaction; and 

(i) the Borrower may dissolve or liquidate any Subsidiary Guarantor so long as in connection with such dissolution or liquidation, any and all
of the assets of such Subsidiary Guarantor shall be distributed or otherwise transferred to an Obligor. 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
in no event shall the Borrower enter any transaction of merger or consolidation or amalgamation, or effect any internal reorganization, if the surviving entity would be organized under any jurisdiction other than a jurisdiction of the United States.

SECTION 6.04. Investments. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of the Subsidiary Guarantors to, acquire, make or enter
into, or hold, any Investments except: 

(a) operating deposit accounts with banks; 

(b) Investments by the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors in the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors; 

(c) Hedging Agreements entered into in the ordinary course of any Obligors business for financial planning and not for speculative
purposes; 

(d) Any Investments (excluding Hedging Agreements and Investments in Subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Guarantors) held by
the Obligors in their asset portfolio to the extent, in each case, such Investments are permitted under the Investment Company Act and the Borrowers Investment Policies; provided that, if such Investment is not included in the
Collateral Pool (other than Portfolio Investments (but excluding Cash or Cash Equivalents) exchanged for Portfolio Investments made or received in connection with or as a result of a workout or restructuring), then, immediately after giving effect
to such Investment and any Concurrent Transaction, (i) the Covered Debt Amount shall not exceed the Borrowing Base then in effect and (ii) either (A) the amount by which the Borrowing Base exceeds the Covered Debt Amount immediately prior
to such Investment is not diminished as a result of such Investment or (B) the Adjusted Gross Borrowing Base immediately after giving effect to such Investment is at least 110% of the Covered Debt Amount; 

(e) Investments in Subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Guarantors so long as, after giving effect to such Investment and any Concurrent
Transaction, (i) the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed the Borrowing Base then in effect and (ii) either (A) the amount by which the Borrowing Base exceeds the Covered Debt Amount immediately prior to such Investment is not
diminished as a result of such Investment or (B) the Adjusted Gross Borrowing Base immediately after giving effect to such Investment is at least 110% of the Covered Debt Amount; 

142 

(f) additional Investments up to but not exceeding $10,000,000 in the aggregate at any time
outstanding; 

(g) Investments in Cash and Cash Equivalents; 

(h) Investments described on Schedule 3.12(b); 

(i) Investments in the form of Guarantees permitted pursuant to Section 6.01; 

(j) for the avoidance of a doubt, Investments by a Financing Subsidiary; and 

(k) Investments permitted under Section 6.03. 

For purposes of clause (f) of this Section 6.04, the aggregate amount of an Investment at any time shall be deemed to
be equal to (A) the aggregate amount of cash, together with the aggregate fair market value of property, loaned, advanced, contributed, transferred or otherwise invested that gives rise to such Investment minus (B) the aggregate
amount of the Return of Capital and dividends, distributions or other payments received in cash in respect of such Investment and the values (valued in accordance with Section 5.12(b)) of other Investments received in
respect of such Investment; provided that, in no event shall the aggregate amount of such Investment be deemed to be less than zero; the amount of an Investment shall not in any event be reduced by reason of any
write-off of such Investment nor increased by any increase in the amount of earnings retained in the Person in which such Investment is made that have not been dividended, distributed or otherwise paid out.

SECTION 6.05. Restricted Payments. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of the Subsidiary Guarantors to, declare or make,
or agree to pay or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except that the Borrower may declare and pay: 

(a) dividends with
respect to the Capital Stock of the Borrower payable solely in additional shares of the Borrowers stock, which may include a combination of cash and stock; provided that, such cash dividend would otherwise be permitted pursuant to another
clause of this Section 6.05; 

(b) dividends and distributions in either case in cash or other property (excluding
for this purpose the Borrowers common stock which, for the avoidance of doubt, will be permitted without restriction) in or with respect to any taxable year (or any calendar year, as relevant) of the Borrower in amounts not to exceed 110% of
the higher of (x) the net investment income of the Borrower for the applicable year determined in accordance with GAAP and as specified in the annual financial statements most recently delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) and (y) the
amount that is estimated in good faith to allow the Borrower (i) to satisfy the minimum distribution requirements imposed by Section 852(a) of the Code (or any successor thereto) to maintain the Borrowers eligibility to be taxed
as a RIC for any such taxable year, (ii) to reduce to zero (0) for any such taxable year its liability for federal income taxes imposed on (A) its investment company taxable income pursuant to Section 852(b)(1) of the Code (or
any successor thereto), and (B) its net capital gain pursuant to Section 852(b)(3) of the Code (or any successor thereto), and (iii) to avoid federal excise taxes for such taxable year (or for the previous taxable year) imposed by
Section 4982 of the Code (or any successor thereto); and 

143 

(c) other Restricted Payments so long as on the date of such other Restricted Payment and
after giving effect thereto and to any Concurrent Transaction, (i) the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed 90% of the Adjusted Gross Borrowing Base, (ii) the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed the Borrowing Base then in effect, and
(iii) no Specified Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom. 

Nothing herein shall
be deemed to prohibit the payment of Restricted Payments by any Subsidiary of the Borrower to the Borrower or to any other Subsidiary Guarantor. 

SECTION 6.06. Certain Restrictions on Subsidiaries. The Borrower will not permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Financing
Subsidiaries, Foreign Subsidiaries or any Excluded Asset with respect to its assets) to enter into or suffer to exist any indenture, agreement, instrument or other arrangement (other than the Loan Documents) that prohibits or restrains, in each
case in any material respect, or imposes materially adverse conditions upon, the incurrence or payment of Indebtedness, the declaration or payment of dividends, the making of loans, advances, guarantees or Investments or the sale, assignment,
transfer or other disposition of property to the Borrower by any Subsidiary Guarantor (other than a Financing Subsidiary or Foreign Subsidiary); provided that, the foregoing shall not apply to (i) indentures, agreements, instruments or
other arrangements pertaining to other Indebtedness permitted hereby (provided that, such restrictions would not adversely affect the exercise of rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders hereunder with respect to the Collateral
or under the Security Documents or restrict any Subsidiary Guarantor with respect to the Collateral in any manner from performing its obligations under the Loan Documents) and (ii) indentures, agreements, instruments or other arrangements
pertaining to any lease, sale or other disposition of any asset not prohibited by this Agreement or any Lien not prohibited by this Agreement on such asset so long as the applicable restrictions only apply to the assets subject to such lease, sale,
other disposition or Lien. 

SECTION 6.07. Certain Financial Covenants. 

(a) Minimum Shareholders Equity. The Borrower will not permit Shareholders Equity at the last day of any
fiscal quarter of the Borrower to be less than the sum of $100,000,000 plus (i) the Specified Percentage of the net cash proceeds of the sale of Equity Interests by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries after the date hereof (other than
proceeds (x) of sales of Equity Interests by and among the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or (y) deemed received in connection with any distribution or dividend reinvestment plan) minus (ii) the Specified Percentage of the
aggregate amount paid in cash for Equity Interests of the Borrower redeemed, bought back or purchased by the Borrower after the date hereof pursuant to the Share Repurchase Program. 

(b) Asset Coverage Ratio. The Borrower will not permit the Asset Coverage Ratio to be less than 150% at any time. 

SECTION 6.08. Transactions with Affiliates. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Financing
Subsidiaries) to enter into any transactions with any of its Affiliates, even if otherwise permitted under this Agreement, except (a) transactions at prices and on terms and conditions, taken as a whole, not materially less favorable to the

144 

Borrower or such Subsidiary than could reasonably be obtained on an arms-length basis from unrelated third parties; (b) transactions between or
among the Borrower and its Subsidiaries not involving any other Affiliate; (c) Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.05; (d) the transactions provided in the Affiliate Agreements; (e) transactions
described on Schedule 6.08 hereto (as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified by notice from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent so long as (x) in the aggregate, payments by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are not
materially increased, and (y) such amendment, supplement, restatement or other modification is not materially adverse to the Lenders); (f) any Investment that results in the creation of an Affiliate; (g) transactions between or among
the Obligors and any SBIC Subsidiary or any downstream affiliate (as such term is used under the rules promulgated under the Investment Company Act) company of an Obligor at prices and on terms and conditions, taken as a whole, not
materially less favorable to the Obligors than could reasonably be obtained at the time on an arms-length basis from unrelated third parties; (h) the Borrower may issue and sell Equity Interests to
its Affiliates; (i) transactions with one or more Affiliates (including co-investments) permitted by an exemptive order granted by the SEC (as may be amended from time to time), any no action letter or as
otherwise permitted by applicable law, rule or regulation and SEC staff interpretations thereof; (j) transactions between a Subsidiary that is not an Obligor and an Affiliate thereof that is not an Obligor; (k) transactions and documents
governing transactions permitted under Section 6.03; (l) transactions approved by a majority of the independent members of the board of trustees of the Borrower; (m) the payment of reasonable fees to, and indemnities
and directors and officers insurance provided for the benefit of, directors, managers and officers of the External Manager, the Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business; (n) transactions with or among any
Portfolio Investment to the extent not otherwise prohibited hereunder; (o) employment, severance, indemnification or compensation plan, agreement or arrangement and the payment of compensation (including bonuses) and any similar plans,
agreements, arrangements or payments; (p) provision of benefits (including retirement, health, equity and other benefits plans) and indemnification to officers, directors, employees and consultants and all like and similar arrangements;
(q) transactions between or among the Obligors and any Excluded Asset (i) arising from, in connection with or related to Standard Securitization Undertakings; and (ii) arising from, in connection with or related to Back-to-Back Transactions to the extent not otherwise prohibited hereunder; and (r) under or related to any Permitted Advisor Loan and not prohibited hereunder. 

SECTION 6.09. Lines of Business. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any other Obligors to, engage to any material extent in any
business in a manner that would violate its Investment Policies. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries to amend, modify, supplement or waive the Investment Policies (other than a Permitted Policy Amendment). 

SECTION 6.10. No Further Negative Pledge. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of the Subsidiary Guarantors to, enter into
any agreement, instrument, deed or lease which prohibits or limits in any material respect the ability of any Obligor to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its properties, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter
acquired, or which requires the grant of any security for an obligation if security is granted for another obligation, except the following: (a) this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and documents with respect to Indebtedness permitted under
Section 6.01(b), (i), (m) or (n); (b) covenants in documents creating Liens permitted by Section 6.02 (including covenants with respect to the Designated Obligations or
Designated Indebtedness Holders under (and, in each 

145 

case, as defined in) the Guarantee and Security Agreement) prohibiting further Liens on the assets encumbered thereby; (c) (i) customary restrictions contained in leases, subleases, licenses
or asset sale agreements otherwise not prohibited hereby so long as such restrictions relate solely to the assets subject thereto, (ii) customary provisions restricting subletting or assignment of any lease governing a leasehold interest of the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) customary provisions restricting assignment of any agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business, (iv) customary provisions restricting the creation of Liens on assets subject to any
asset sale permitted under Section 6.03 or (v) customary provisions for the transfer of an asset pending the close of the sale of such asset; (d) any such agreement with a financier to an Excluded Asset that
imposes such restrictions only on ownership and economic interests in such Excluded Asset; (e) any such agreement that imposes restrictions on investments or other interests in Financing Subsidiaries or Foreign Subsidiaries (but no other assets
of any Obligor); (f) any such agreement that imposes restrictions on Liens in Joint Venture Investments (solely to the extent such restrictions relate such Joint Venture Investment); (g) any other agreement that does not restrict in any manner
(directly or indirectly) Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents on any Collateral securing the Secured Obligations under and as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement and does not require (other than pursuant to a grant of
a Lien under the Loan Documents) the direct or indirect granting of any Lien securing any Indebtedness or other obligation (other than such Secured Obligations) by virtue of the granting of Liens on or pledge of property of any Obligor
to secure the Loans or any Hedging Agreement; (h) for the avoidance of doubt, any such document, agreement or instrument that imposes customary restrictions on any Equity Interests or Portfolio Investments; and (i) the underlying governing
agreements of any minority equity interest that impose such restrictions only on such equity interests. 

SECTION 6.11.Modifications of
Longer-Term Indebtedness Documents. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any other Obligor to, consent to any modification, supplement or waiver of: 

(a) any of the provisions of any agreement, instrument or other document evidencing or relating to any Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness or
Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness that would result in such Indebtedness not meeting the requirements of the definition of Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness and Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness, as applicable, set forth in
Section 1.01 of this Agreement, unless (i) in the case of Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness, such Indebtedness would have been permitted to be incurred as Secured Shorter-Term Indebtedness at the time of such
modification, supplement or waiver and the Borrower so designates such Indebtedness as Secured Shorter-Term Indebtedness (whereupon such Indebtedness shall be deemed to constitute Secured Shorter-Term Indebtedness for all
purposes of this Agreement) and (ii) in the case of Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness, such Indebtedness would have been permitted to be incurred as Unsecured Shorter-Term Indebtedness at the time of such modification, supplement or waiver and
the Borrower so designates such Indebtedness as Unsecured Shorter-Term Indebtedness (whereupon such Indebtedness shall be deemed to constitute Unsecured Shorter-Term Indebtedness for all purposes of this Agreement); 

(b) any of the Affiliate Agreements (other than Permitted Advisor Loans) unless such modification, supplement or waiver is not materially less
favorable to the Borrower than could be obtained on an arms-length basis from unrelated third parties, in each case, without the prior consent of the Administrative Agent (with the approval of the
Required Lenders); or 

146 

(c) the Permitted Advisor Loan, unless such modification, supplement or waiver is not
material and adverse to the interests and rights of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Lenders hereunder. 

SECTION
6.12. Payments of Longer-Term Indebtedness. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of the Subsidiary Guarantors to, purchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire for value, or set apart any money for a sinking, defeasance or other
analogous fund for the purchase, redemption, retirement or other acquisition of or make any voluntary payment or prepayment of the principal of or interest on, or any other amount owing in respect of, any Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness, Unsecured
Longer-Term Indebtedness or Special Unsecured Indebtedness or any other Indebtedness not then included in the Covered Debt Amount (other than the refinancing of Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness, Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness or Special
Unsecured Indebtedness or such other Indebtedness with Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01), except for: 

(a) regularly scheduled payments, prepayments or redemptions of principal and interest in respect thereof required pursuant to the instruments
evidencing such Indebtedness and the payment when due of the types of fees and expenses that are customarily paid in connection with such Indebtedness (it being understood that: (w) the conversion features into Permitted Equity Interests under
Permitted Convertible Indebtedness; (x) the triggering of such conversion and/or settlement thereof solely with Permitted Equity Interests; (y) any cash payment on account of interest or expensesor fractional shareson such
Permitted Convertible Indebtedness (or any cash payment on account of fractional shares issued upon conversion provisions of such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness) made by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of such triggering
and/or settlement thereof; and (z) any customary mandatory prepayment provisions required by the terms thereof, shall be permitted under this clause (a)); 

(b) any payment, prepayment or redemption that, if it were deemed to be a Restricted Payment for purposes of
Section 6.05, would be permitted to be made pursuant to the provisions set forth in Section 6.05(c); 

(c) payments and prepayments thereof required to comply with requirements of Section 2.10(c); 

(d) payments or prepayments thereof solely from the proceeds of any issuance of Equity Interests in excess of the amount, if any, that is
required to be used for a mandatory prepayment pursuant to Section 2.10(d); and 

(e) payments and prepayments of
Indebtedness under any Capital Call Facility from amounts that do not constitute Collateral. 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event
shall any Obligor be permitted to prepay or settle (whether as a result of a mandatory redemption, conversion or otherwise) any such Indebtedness if, immediately after giving effect thereto and any Concurrent Transactions, the Covered Debt Amount
would exceed the Borrowing Base then in effect. 

SECTION 6.13. Accounting Changes. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of
its Subsidiaries to, make any change in (a) accounting policies or reporting practices, except as permitted under GAAP or required by law or rule or regulation of any Governmental Authority, or (b) its fiscal year. 

147 

SECTION 6.14. SBIC Guarantee. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, cause or permit the occurrence of any event or condition that would result in any recourse to any Obligor under any Permitted SBIC Guarantee. 

ARTICLE VII 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

If any of the following events (each, an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing: 

(a) the Borrower shall (i) fail to pay any principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement when
and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any failure to pay all principal on the Loans in full on the Final Maturity
Date) or (ii) fail to deposit any amount into the Letter of Credit Collateral Account as required by Section 2.09(a) on the Commitment Termination Date; 

(b) the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause
(a) of this Article VII) payable under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue, unremedied (i) in the case of any interest on any Loan or
unreimbursed LC Disbursement or any scheduled fee, for a period of five (5) or more Business Days and (ii) in the case of any other amount, for a period of ten (10) Business Days following delivery of notice thereof by the
Administrative Agent to the Borrower; 

(c) any representation, warranty or certification made or deemed made by or on behalf of the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or
in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof, shall prove to have been incorrect when made or deemed made in any material respect as of the date on which such representation or
warranty is made or deemed made, or when furnished, and if susceptible to cure, the failure of such representation or warranty to be true and accurate in any material respects, or the adverse effect of the failure of such representation or warranty
shall not have been cured within 30 days after the earlier of (i) written notice thereof given by the Administrative Agent (given at the request of any Lender) to the Borrower and (ii) knowledge thereof by a Responsible Officer of the
Borrower; 

(d) the Borrower or any other Obligor, as applicable, shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement
contained in (i) Section 5.03 (with respect to the Borrowers existence) or Sections 5.08(a) and (b), Section 5.09 or in Article VI or shall
default in the performance of any of its obligations contained in Section 3 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement (subject to the cure period specified in clause (b) above) and, except as set forth in the

148 

proviso below, Section 7 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement or (ii) Sections 5.01(e), (f) or (g) or Section 5.02 and
such failure, in the case of this clause (ii), shall continue unremedied for a period of five (5) or more Business Days after the earlier of (i) written notice thereof given by the Administrative Agent (given at the request of any
Lender) to the Borrower and (ii) knowledge thereof by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower; provided that the failure of an Obligor to Deliver (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) any particular Portfolio
Investment to the extent required by Section 7.01 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement shall result in such Portfolio Investment not being included in the Borrowing Base but shall not (in and of itself) be, or result in, a Default or an
Event of Default; 

(e) a Borrowing Base Deficiency shall occur and continue unremedied for a period of five (5) or more Business Days
after delivery of a Borrowing Base Certificate demonstrating such Borrowing Base Deficiency pursuant to Section 5.01(e); provided that, it shall not be an Event of Default hereunder if the Borrower shall present the
Administrative Agent with a reasonably feasible plan to enable such Borrowing Base Deficiency to be cured within thirty (30) Business Days (which thirty (30) Business Day period shall include the five (5) Business Days permitted for
delivery of such plan), so long as such Borrowing Base Deficiency is cured within such 30-Business Day period; provided, further, that solely to the extent such Borrowing Base Deficiency is due
to a failure to satisfy the requirements of Section 5.13(f) as a consequence of a change in either (x) the ratio of the Gross Borrowing Base to the Senior Debt Amount or (y) the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio from one quarterly period
to the next, such thirty (30) Business Day period shall be extended to a forty-five (45) Business Day period solely with respect to compliance with Section 5.13(f); 

(f) the Borrower or any other Obligor, as applicable, shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this
Agreement (other than those specified in clause (a), (b), (d), (e) or (r) of this Article VII) or any other Loan Document and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of thirty (30) or more
days after the earlier of (i) written notice thereof given by the Administrative Agent (given at the request of any Lender) to the Borrower and (ii) knowledge thereof by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower; 

(g) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to make any payment (whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in
respect of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable, taking into account any applicable grace period; 

(h) any event or condition occurs that (i) results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or
(ii) shall continue unremedied for any applicable period of time sufficient to enable or permit the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to, as a result of an event of default under such
Material Indebtedness, cause any Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity (for the avoidance of doubt, after giving effect to any applicable
grace period), unless, in the case of this clause (ii), such event or condition is no longer continuing or has been waived in accordance with the terms of such Material Indebtedness such that the holder or holders thereof or any trustee or
agent on its or their behalf are no longer enabled or permitted to cause such Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its

149 

scheduled maturity; provided that this clause (h) shall not apply to (1) secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the
property or assets securing such Indebtedness; (2) convertible debt that becomes due as a result of a conversion or redemption event, other than to the extent it becomes due or is paid in cash (other than interest, expenses or fractional
shares, which may be paid in cash in accordance with conversion provisions of convertible indebtedness) as a result of an event of default (as defined in the documents governing such convertible Material Indebtedness); (3) for the
avoidance of doubt, Other Covered Indebtedness to the extent of required prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance effected pursuant to Section 2.10(c); or (4) in the case of clause (h)(ii), any Indebtedness of
a Financing Subsidiary to the extent the event or condition giving rise to the circumstances in clause (h)(ii) was not a payment or insolvency default. 

(i) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or
other relief in respect of the Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect
or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or
petition shall continue undismissed and unstayed for a period of 60 or more days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered; 

(j) the Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking
liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate
manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (i) of this Article VII, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any
of its Significant Subsidiaries or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of
creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; 

(k) the Borrower or any of its Significant
Subsidiaries shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due; 

(l) one or more
judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of $75,000,000 shall be rendered against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) or any combination thereof and the same shall remain
undischarged for a period of thirty (30) consecutive days following the entry of such judgment during which thirty (30) day period such judgment shall not have been vacated, stayed, discharged or bonded pending appeal, or liability for
such judgment amount shall not have been admitted by an insurer or reputable standing or execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Borrower or any
of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) to enforce any such judgment; 

150 

(m) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that when taken together with all other ERISA Events
that have occurred, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 

(n) a Change in Control shall occur; 

(o) [Reserved]; 

(p) the Liens
created by the Security Documents shall, at any time with respect to Portfolio Investments in the Collateral Pool having an aggregate Value in excess of 5% of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments in the Collateral Pool, not be valid and
perfected (to the extent perfection by filing, registration, recordation, possession or control is required herein or therein) in favor of the Collateral Agent, free and clear of all other Liens (other than Liens permitted under
Section 6.02 or under the respective Security Documents) except to the extent that any such loss of perfection results from the failure of the Collateral Agent to maintain possession of the certificates representing the
securities pledged under the Loan Documents; provided that, if such default is as a result of any action of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent or a failure of the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent to take any action
within their control, then there shall be no Default or Event of Default hereunder unless, if such failure is capable of being cured by an action within the control of the Borrower, such default shall continue unremedied for a period of ten
(10) consecutive Business Days after such Borrower receives written notice of such default thereof from the Administrative Agent unless the continuance thereof is a result of a failure of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to take
an action within their control; 

(q) except for expiration or termination in accordance with its terms, any of the Loan Documents shall for
whatever reason be terminated or cease to be in full force and effect in any material respect, or the enforceability thereof shall be contested by the Borrower or any other Obligor; 

(r) the Obligors shall at any time, without the consent of the Required Lenders, (i) modify, supplement or waive in any material respect
the Investment Policies (other than any modification, supplement or waiver required by any applicable law, rule or regulation or Governmental Authority); provided that a modification, supplement or waiver shall not be deemed a modification in
any material respect of the Investment Policies if the effect of such modification, supplement or waiver is that the permitted investment size of the Portfolio Investments proportionately increases as the size of the Borrowers capital base
changes; (ii) modify, supplement or waive in any material respect the Valuation Policy (other than any modification, supplement or waiver (w) required under GAAP, (x) required by any applicable law, rule or regulation or Governmental
Authority) or (y) when taken as a whole is not materially adverse to the Lenders when compared to its Valuation Policy in effect as of the date hereof), (iii) fail to comply with the Valuation Policy in any material respect, or (iv) fail
to comply with the Investment Policies if such failure would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and in the case of clauses (iii) and (iv) of this paragraph (r), such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of
thirty (30) or more days after the earlier of (i) written notice thereof given by the Administrative Agent (given at the request of any Lender) to the Borrower and (ii) knowledge thereof by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower; or

151 

(s) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall cause or permit the occurrence of any
condition or event that would result in any recourse to any Obligor under any Permitted SBIC Guarantee; 

then, and in every such event (other than an
event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (i) or (j) of this Article VII), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders
shall, by notice to the Borrower, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii) declare the Loans then
outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable,
together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any
kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower; and in case of any event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (i) or (j) of this Article VII, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal
of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand,
protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. 

In the event that the Loans shall be declared, or
shall become, due and payable pursuant to the immediately preceding paragraph then, upon notice from the Administrative Agent or Lenders with LC Exposure representing more than 50% of the total LC Exposure demanding the deposit of Cash Collateral
pursuant to this paragraph, the Borrower shall promptly, but in any event within three (3) Business Days, deposit into the Letter of Credit Collateral Account cash in an amount equal to the LC Exposure as of such date plus any accrued
and unpaid interest thereon; provided that the obligation to deposit such cash shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of
any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in clause (i) or (j) of this Article VII. 

ARTICLE VIII

THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 

SECTION 8.01. Appointment of the Administrative Agent. Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably appoints the
Administrative Agent as its agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or
thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably appoints the Collateral Agent as its agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes
the Collateral Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Collateral Agent by the terms hereof or thereof (including Section 9 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement), and to take such actions
on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Collateral Agent by 

152 

the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Collateral Agent shall be a third-party beneficiary of this
Section 8.01 and shall have all of the rights, benefits and privileges of a third-party beneficiary, including an independent right of action to enforce such rights, benefits and privileges directly, without the consent or
joinder of any other Person. 

SECTION 8.02. Capacity as Lender. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have
the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in
any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder. 

SECTION 8.03. Limitation of Duties; Exculpation. The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those
expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has
occurred and is continuing, (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan
Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise in writing by the Required Lenders, and (c) except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and
shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the bank serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The
Administrative Agent shall not be liable to any Lender or the Issuing Bank for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly
provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof is given
to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or a Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this
Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants,
agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the
satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein or therein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 

SECTION 8.04. Reliance. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon,
any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or
sent by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. The Administrative
Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel,
accountants or experts. 

153 

SECTION 8.05. Sub-Agents. The Administrative
Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of
the credit facility provided for herein as well as activities as the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the
extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents.

SECTION 8.06. Resignation; Successor Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent
may resign at any time by providing not less than thirty (30) days advance written notice to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower. Upon any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of
the Borrower not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed (or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing in consultation with the Borrower), to appoint a successor with is not a natural person, a Defaulting Lender or a Competitor. If no
successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative
Agents resignation shall nonetheless become effective at the end of such thirty (30) days period (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks under any
of the Loan Documents, the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (1) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged
from its duties and obligations hereunder and (2) the Required Lenders shall perform the duties of the Administrative Agent (and all payments and communications provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be
made by or to each Lender directly) until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor agent as provided for above in this paragraph. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor
shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Administrative Agent and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder (if not
already discharged therefrom as provided above in this paragraph). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such
successor. After the Administrative Agents resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article VIII and Section 9.03 shall continue in effect for its benefit in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by
it while it was acting as Administrative Agent. 

154 

Any resignation by Natixis as Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 8.06 shall
also constitute its resignation as an Issuing Bank and a Swingline Lender. Upon the acceptance of a successors appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights,
powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender, (b) the retiring Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan
Documents, and (c) the successor Issuing Bank shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to the retiring Issuing Bank to
effectively assume the obligations of the retiring Issuing Bank with respect to such Letters of Credit. 

SECTION 8.07. Reliance by
Lenders. Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and
decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem
appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. The Administrative Agent shall
have no duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis, to make any such investigation or any such appraisal on behalf of Lenders or to provide any Lender with any credit or other information with respect thereto, whether coming
into its possession before the making of the Loans or at any time or times thereafter, and the Administrative Agent shall have no responsibility with respect to the accuracy of or the completeness of any information provided to Lenders. 

Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement or any Assignment and Assumption and funding any Loan shall be deemed to have
acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be approved by the Administrative Agent, Required Lenders or Lenders. 

SECTION 8.08. Modifications to Loan Documents. Except as otherwise provided in Section 2.20 or
Section 9.02(b) or (c) of this Agreement or the Security Documents with respect to this Agreement, the Administrative Agent may, with the prior consent of the Required Lenders (but not otherwise), consent
to any modification, supplement or waiver under any of the Loan Documents; provided that, without the prior consent of each Lender, the Administrative Agent shall not (except as provided herein or in the Security Documents) release all
or substantially all of the Collateral or otherwise terminate all or substantially all of the Liens under any Security Document providing for collateral security, agree to additional obligations being secured by all or substantially all of such
collateral security (excluding (x) any increase in the Loans hereunder pursuant to a Commitment Increase under Section 2.08(e), (y) any increase in any Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness or Secured Shorter-Term
Indebtedness permitted hereunder and (z) the spreading of such Liens to any Designated Indebtedness Obligations or Hedging Agreement Obligations (as such terms are defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) as provided for in the
Guarantee and Security Agreement), or alter the relative priorities of the obligations entitled to the benefits of the Liens created under the Security Documents with respect to all or substantially all of the Collateral, except that no such consent
shall be required, and the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized (and so agrees with the Borrower), to direct the Collateral Agent under the Guarantee and Security Agreement, subject to any applicable requirements under Section 10.03 of the
Guarantee and Security Agreement, to (1) release any Lien covering property in accordance 

155 

with Section 9.02(c) hereof, (2) release from any Guarantee and Security Agreement any Subsidiary Guarantor (and any property of such Subsidiary
Guarantor) in accordance with Section 9.02(c), (3) release (and to acknowledge the release of) all Liens and guarantees of Obligors upon the termination of this Agreement in accordance with
Section 9.02(c) and (4) deliver such documents to evidence such releases in accordance with Section 9.02(c) hereof, in each case of the foregoing clauses (1) through (3), (A) if no
Designated Indebtedness (as such term is defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) is outstanding as of such time, automatically and with no further action from any other party and (B) otherwise, subject to any applicable requirements
under Section 10.03 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement. 

SECTION 8.09. Erroneous Payments. 

(a) If the Administrative Agent notifies a Lender, an Issuing Bank or an Indemnitee, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a
Lender, an Issuing Bank or an Indemnitee (any such Lender, Issuing Bank, Indemnitee or other recipient, a Payment Recipient), that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt
of any notice under immediately succeeding clause (b)) that any funds received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received
by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender, Issuing Bank, Indemnitee or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether transmitted or received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees,
distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment) and demands in writing the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of
the Administrative Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Lender, Issuing Bank or Indemnitee shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such
funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand
was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount
is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in
effect. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

(b) Without limiting the immediately preceding clause (a), each Lender, Issuing Bank or Indemnitee, or any Person who has received funds
on behalf of a Lender, Issuing Bank or Indemnitee, hereby further agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise)
from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its
Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such
Lender, Issuing Bank or Indemnitee, or other such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) in each case: 

156 

(i) (A) in the case of immediately preceding clause (x) or
(y), an error shall be presumed to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z)), in each case, with
respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment; and 

(ii) such Lender, Issuing Bank or Indemnitee shall (and shall cause
any other recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge of such error) notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the
details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 8.09(b). 

(c) Each Lender, Issuing Bank and Indemnitee hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any
time owing to such Lender, Issuing Bank or Indemnitee under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender, Issuing Bank or Indemnitee from any source, against any amount due to the Administrative
Agent under clause (a) above or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement. 

(d) In the event that an Erroneous
Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Administrative Agent for any reason, after demand therefor by the Administrative Agent in accordance with clause (a) above, from any Lender or Issuing Bank that has received such
Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (and/or from any Payment Recipient who received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) on its respective behalf) (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency), upon
the Administrative Agents notice to such Lender or Issuing Bank at any time, (i) such Lender or Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have assigned its Loans (but not its Commitments) of the relevant Class with respect to which such
Erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class) in an amount equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Loans (but not
Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class, the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment) at par plus any accrued and unpaid interest (with the assignment fee to be waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance),
and is hereby (together with the Borrower) deemed to execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to a Platform as to which the
Administrative Agent and such parties are participants) with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and such Lender or Issuing Bank shall deliver any notes evidencing such Loans to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent,
(ii) the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall be deemed to have acquired the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (iii) upon such deemed acquisition, the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall become a Lender or
Issuing Bank, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and the assigning Lender or assigning Issuing Bank shall cease to be a Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such
Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, its obligations under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement and its applicable Commitments which shall survive as to such assigning Lender or assigning

157 

Issuing Bank and (iv) the Administrative Agent may reflect in the Register its ownership interest in the Loans subject to the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. So long as any sale of
Loans complies with the terms of Section 9.04(b), the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, sell any Loans acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and upon receipt of the proceeds of such
sale, the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Lender or Issuing Bank shall be reduced by the net proceeds of the sale of such Loan (or portion thereof), and the Administrative Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies and
claims against such Lender or Issuing Bank (and/or against any recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf). For the avoidance of doubt, no Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment will reduce the Commitments of any Lender or Issuing Bank
and such Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. In addition, each party hereto agrees that, except to the extent that the Administrative Agent has sold a Loan (or portion thereof) acquired pursuant to an
Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, the Administrative Agent shall be contractually subrogated to all the rights and interests of the applicable Lender, Issuing
Bank or Indemnitee under the Loan Documents with respect to each Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights). 

(e) The parties hereto agree that an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Credit Exposure or
other obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Obligor; provided that this Section 8.09(e) shall not be interpreted to increase (or accelerate the due date for), or have the effect of increasing (or accelerating
the due date for), the obligations of the Borrower or any other Obligor relative to the amount (and/or timing for payment) of the obligations that would have been payable had such Erroneous Payment not been made by the Administrative Agent;
provided, further, that for the avoidance of doubt, this Section 8.09(e) shall not apply to the extent any such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of
funds received by the Administrative Agent or other applicable Secured Parties from the Borrower or any other Obligor for the purpose of making payment in respect of the Credit Exposure. 

(f) To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives,
and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment
received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 

(g) Each partys
obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 8.09 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender or Issuing
Bank,the termination of the Commitments and/or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. 

158 

ARTICLE IX 

MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION
9.01. Notices; Electronic Communications. 

(a) Notices Generally. Except in the case of notices and other communications
expressly permitted to be given by telephone, all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by e-mail, as follows: 

(i) if to the Borrower, to it at: 

AGL Private Credit Income Fund 

c/o AGL US DL Management LLC 

535 Madison Avenue, 24th Floor 

New York, New York 10022 

Attention: PC Operations 

Telephone: (212) 973-8600

Email: PC-Operations@aglcredit.com; with a copy to legal@aglcredit.com 

(ii) with a copy to (which shall not constitute a notice hereunder): 

Dechert LLP 

1095 Avenue of the
Americas 

New York, New York 10036 

Attention: Christopher Duerden; Ani Ravi 

Telephone: (704) 339-3113; (212) 649-8732

Email: christopher.duerden@dechert.com; ani.ravi@dechert.com 

(iii) if to the Administrative Agent or Natixis, in its capacity as Issuing Bank, Swingline Lender or a Lender, to it at: 

Natixis, New York Branch 

1251
Avenue of the Americas 

New York, New York 10020 

Email: adminagency@natixis.com;

natixisagency@alterdomus.com

(iv) if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or e-mail) set forth in its
Administrative Questionnaire. 

Any party hereto may change its address or e-mail for notices and
other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. All notices and other communications given to any party hereto in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given on the date of receipt.
Notices delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (b). 

159 

(b) Electronic Communications. Notices and other communications to the Lenders and
the Issuing Banks hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent;
provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or any Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.06 if such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is
incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to
procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 

(i)
Notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt
requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement); provided that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the
recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed
received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and
identifying the website address therefor. 

Each party hereto understands that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is
not necessarily secure and that there are confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution and agrees and assumes the risks associated with such electronic distribution, except to the extent caused by the willful misconduct, fraud
or gross negligence of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or their respective Related Parties, as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. The Platform and any
electronic communications media approved by the Administrative Agent as provided herein are provided as is and as available. None of the Administrative Agent or its Related Parties warrant the accuracy, adequacy, or
completeness of such media or the Platform and each expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in the Platform and such media. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for
a particular purpose, non-infringement of third party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects is made by the Administrative Agent and any of its Related Parties in connection with the Platform or
the electronic communications media approved by the Administrative Agent as provided for herein. 

(c) Private Side Information
Contacts. Each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the
Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lenders compliance procedures and applicable law, including United States federal and state securities laws, to make reference to information that
is not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain Non-Public Information with respect to the Borrower, its

160 

Subsidiaries or their Securities for purposes of United States federal or state securities laws. In the event that any Public Lender has determined for itself to not access any information
disclosed through the Platform or otherwise, such Public Lender acknowledges that (i) other Lenders may have availed themselves of such information and (ii) neither the Borrower nor the Administrative Agent has any responsibility for such
Public Lenders decision to limit the scope of the information it has obtained in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

(d) Documents to be Delivered under Sections 5.01 and 5.12. For so long as an Platform is available to each of the Lenders hereunder,
the Borrower may satisfy its obligation to deliver documents to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders under Sections 5.01 and 5.12 by delivering either an electronic copy or a notice identifying the website where such
information is located for posting by the Administrative Agent on such Platform; provided that the Administrative Agent shall have no responsibility to maintain access to any such Platform. 

SECTION 9.02. Waivers; Amendments. 

(a) No Deemed Waivers Remedies Cumulative. No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Swingline Lender or
any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any
other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Swingline Lenders and the Lenders hereunder are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights
or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this
Section 9.02, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan, Swingline Loan or issuance of a Letter
of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Swingline Lender, any Lender or any Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 

(b) Amendments to this Agreement. Except as provided in Section 2.20 and the definition of Modification
Offer, neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders or by the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided that no such agreement shall: 

(i) increase the Commitment
of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender, 

(ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement
or reduce the rate of interest thereon (other than with respect to the election of or the failure to elect the default rate in accordance with Section 2.12(d)), or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written
consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, 

161 

(iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any
Loan or LC Disbursement, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender
directly and adversely affected thereby, 

(iv) change Section 2.17(b), (c) or
(d) in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, 

(v) change any of the provisions of this Section 9.02 or the definition of Required Lenders, the definition of
the term Required Revolving Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without
the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby; 

(vi) subject to clause (e) below,
change any of the provisions of the definition of Agreed Foreign Currencies or any other provision specifying the Foreign Currencies in which Multicurrency Loans may be made hereunder, or make any determination or grant any consent
hereunder with respect to the definition of Agreed Foreign Currencies, in each case, without the consent of each Multicurrency Lender; or 

(vii) contractually subordinate the payment priority of the Credit Agreement Obligations (as defined in the Guarantee and
Security Agreement) or contractually subordinate the Liens granted to the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) in the Collateral, without the written consent of each Lender; 

provided further that (x) no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent or the
Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lenders hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lenders, as the case may be, and (y) the consent of Lenders (other than Defaulting Lenders)
holding not less than two-thirds of the Credit Exposure and unused Commitments (other than of Defaulting Lenders) will be required (A) for any materially adverse change (from the Lenders
perspective) affecting the provisions of this Agreement relating to the determination of the Borrowing Base (excluding changes to the provisions of Sections 5.12(b)(ii)(E) and (F), but including changes to the provisions of
Section 5.12(c) and the definitions set forth in Section 5.13), and (B) for any release of any material portion of the Collateral other than for fair value or as otherwise permitted
hereunder or under the other Loan Documents. 

In addition, whenever a waiver, amendment or modification requires the consent of a Lender
affected thereby, such waiver, amendment or modification shall, upon consent of such Lender, become effective as to such Lender whether or not it becomes effective as to any other Lender, so long as the Required Lenders consent to such
waiver, amendment or modification as provided above. 

162 

Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, (x) no waiver or
modification of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that would reasonably be expected to adversely affect the Lenders of any Class in a manner that does not affect all Classes equally shall be effective against the
Lenders of such Class unless the Required Lenders of such Class shall have concurred with such waiver or modification, (y) the Required Revolving Lenders may waive any condition precedent to an extension of credit under the Revolving
Commitments (other than as required by Section 4.02) (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not constitute a waiver of any ongoing or resulting Default or Event of Default) (but the consent of no Term Lender shall be
required) and (z) any Incremental Term Lender may waive any condition precedent to an extension of credit under the applicable Incremental Term Commitments (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not constitute a waiver of any ongoing or
resulting Default or Event of Default) (but the consent of no Revolving Lender or other Term Lender shall be required); provided, however, that for the avoidance of doubt, except as expressly required herein, in no other circumstances
shall the concurrence of the Required Lenders of a particular Class be required for any waiver, amendment or modification of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

(c) Amendments to Security Documents. Except to the extent otherwise expressly set forth in the Guarantee and Security Agreement or the
other Loan Documents, no Security Document nor any provision thereof may be waived, amended or modified, nor may the Liens granted under the Guarantee and Security Agreement be spread to secure any additional obligations (excluding (x) any such
increase pursuant to a Commitment Increase under Section 2.08(e), (y) any increase in any Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness or Secured Shorter-Term Indebtedness permitted hereunder or (z) the spreading of such Liens to
any Designated Indebtedness Obligations or Hedging Agreement Obligations (as such terms are defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) as provided for in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in
writing entered into by the Borrower, and by the Collateral Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided that, (i) without the written consent of each Lender, no such agreement shall release all or substantially all of the
Obligors from their respective obligations under the Security Documents, (ii) without the written consent of each Lender, no such agreement shall amend or waive Section 8.06 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement and (iii) without
the written consent of each Lender, no such agreement shall release all or substantially all of the collateral security or otherwise terminate all or substantially all of the Liens under the Security Documents, alter the relative priorities of the
obligations entitled to the Liens created under the Security Documents (except in connection with securing additional obligations equally and ratably with the Loans and other obligations hereunder, including any Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness or
Secured Shorter-Term Indebtedness) with respect to all or substantially all of the collateral security provided thereby, except that no such consent shall be required, and the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby agree that the
Collateral Agent is hereby authorized, to (A) release from the Guarantee and Security Agreement any Subsidiary Guarantor (and any property of such Subsidiary Guarantor) that is designated as a Financing Subsidiary, an
Immaterial Subsidiary or a Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary or becomes an Excluded Asset in accordance with this Agreement or is otherwise no longer required to be a Subsidiary Guarantor in accordance with this
Agreement and the Guarantee and Security Agreement (including, without limitation, because it ceases to be consolidated on the Borrowers financial statements), so long as (1) after giving effect to such release and any Concurrent
Transactions (x) no Specified Default or Event of Default shall exist or be continuing and (y) the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed the Borrowing Base, (2) solely to the extent that a Disposition of all of the property of such
Subsidiary Guarantor to a Subsidiary that is not a 

163 

Subsidiary Guarantor would be subject to additional conditions pursuant to Section 6.03, such conditions have been satisfied and (3) the Borrower delivers a certificate of a Financial
Officer to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent certifying as to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the foregoing clauses (1) and (2), (B) to release any Lien covering property that is the subject of either (1) a
Disposition of property (including, without limitation, a Disposition of property to an Excluded Asset or in connection with the origination of any CLO Security or any
Back-to-Back Transaction) that is not prohibited hereunder, so long as, to the extent such Disposition of property is to any Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary
Guarantor, the Borrower has delivered a certificate of a Financial Officer to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent certifying as to the satisfaction of any conditions applicable to such disposition under the terms of this Agreement or
(2) a Disposition to which the Required Lenders or the required number or percentage of Lenders have consented, (C) to release any Lien covering property (including without limitation any property that is subject to a repurchase
transaction) that is the subject of a pledge permitted by Section 6.02(h), so long as the Borrower has delivered a certificate of a Financial Officer to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent certifying as to the
satisfaction of all conditions applicable to such the granting of such pledge under the terms of this Agreement, (D) to release any Lien and/or guarantee obligation in accordance with Section 10.03 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement
and (E) to release (and to acknowledge the release of) all Liens and guarantees of Obligors upon the termination of this Agreement (including in connection with a complete refinancing). The Lien releases described in the immediately foregoing
clauses (A) through (E) shall (x) if no Designated Indebtedness (as such term is defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) is outstanding as of such time, be automatic without any further action by any party and (y) otherwise,
be subject to any applicable requirements under the Guarantee and Security Agreement. 

(d) Replacement of
Non-Consenting Lender. If, in connection with any proposed change, waiver, amendment, consent, discharge or termination to any of the provisions of this Agreement as contemplated by this
Section 9.02, the consent of the Required Lenders shall have been obtained but the consent of one or more Lenders (each a Non-Consenting Lender) whose consent is
required for such proposed change, waiver, amendment, consent, discharge or termination is not obtained, then (so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) the Borrower shall have the right, at its sole cost and expense, to replace
each such Non-Consenting Lender or Lenders with one or more replacement Lenders pursuant to Section 2.18(b) so long as of the time of such replacement, each such replacement Lender
consents to the proposed change, waiver, discharge or termination. 

(e) If the Administrative Agent and the Borrower acting together
identify any ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect in any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend, modify or supplement such
provision to cure such ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect, and such amendment, modification or supplement shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. 

164 

SECTION 9.03. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver. 

(a) Costs and Expenses. The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and their Affiliates, including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of one outside counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent (but only one counsel for all such Persons together), in connection with the
syndication of the credit facility provided for herein, the preparation and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any Issuing Bank in
connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit by such Issuing Bank or any demand for payment thereunder, (iii) all reasonable documented
out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Swingline Lender or any Lender, including, but limited in the case of legal
expenses to, the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of one outside counsel for the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and each
Swingline Lender as well as one outside counsel for the Lenders and, in the case of actual conflict of interest where the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender affected by such conflict informs the Borrower of such conflict and
thereafter retains its own counsel, another firm of counsel for any such affected Person, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this
Section 9.03, or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such documented out-of-pocket expenses
incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect thereof and (iv) and all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs, expenses, taxes,
assessments and other charges reasonably incurred by the Collateral Agent in connection with any filing, registration, recording or perfection of any security interest contemplated by any Security Document or any other document referred to therein
limited in the case of legal expenses to the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of one outside counsel for the Collateral Agent. For
the avoidance of doubt, to the extent no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower shall not be responsible for the reimbursement of any costs, fees or expenses of the Agent-Selected Third-Party Appraiser incurred pursuant to
Section 5.12(b)(ii)(G) in excess of the Supplemental Testing Expense Cap. 

(b) Indemnification by the
Borrower. The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers, each Issuing Bank, each Swingline Lender and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an
Indemnitee) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including, but
limited in the case of legal expenses to, the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and disbursements of one outside counsel for all Indemnitees (and, if
reasonably necessary, of one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction for the Administrative Agent, Issuing Banks and Lenders taken as a whole, and, in the case of an actual conflict of interest where the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or
any Lender affected by such conflict informs the Borrower of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, another firm of counsel for any such affected Person)) (collectively, Losses) in connection with any investigative,
administrative or judicial proceeding or hearing commenced or threatened by any Person, whether or not any such Indemnitee shall be designated as a party or a potential party thereto, and any fees or expenses incurred by Indemnitees in enforcing
this indemnity, whether based on any federal, state or foreign laws, statutes, rules or regulations (including securities and commercial laws, statutes, rules or regulations and laws, statutes, rules or regulations relating to

165 

environmental, occupational safety and health or land use matters), on common law or equitable cause or on contract or otherwise and related expenses or disbursements of any kind (other than
Taxes or Other Taxes which shall only be indemnified by the Borrower to the extent provided in Section 2.16, other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any
non-Tax claim), including, but limited in the case of legal expenses to, the fees, charges and disbursements of outside counsel for any such affected Indemnitee for the Indemnitees collectively as specified
above, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the performance by the parties
hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan, Swingline Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any
refusal by an Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit) or (iii) any actual or prospective
claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and whether brought by the Borrower or a third party and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto;
provided that, such indemnity shall not as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such Losses are (A) determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from (i) the
fraud, willful misconduct or gross negligence of such Indemnitee or its Related Parties or (ii) a claim brought by the Borrower or any other Obligor against such Indemnitee for breach in bad faith of such Indemnitees obligations under
this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, (B) result from the settlement of any such claim, investigation, litigation or other proceedings described in clause (iii) above unless the Borrower has consented to such settlement (which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) (provided that nothing in this clause (B) shall restrict the right of any person to settle any claim for which it has waived its right of indemnity by the Borrower) or
(C) result from a claim arising from disputes between Indemnitees (other than any dispute involving (x) claims against the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Joint Lead Arranger in their respective
capacities as such or (y) claims arising out of any act or omission by the Borrower or any of its Affiliates). 

The Borrower shall
not be liable to any Indemnitee for any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages (which may include special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against any such party hereto by a
third party)) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of proceeds thereof, asserted by an Indemnitee against
the Borrower or any other Obligor; provided that, the foregoing limitation shall not be deemed to impair or affect the obligations of the Borrower under the preceding provisions of this subsection with respect to damages not expressly
described in the foregoing limitation. 

(c) Reimbursement by Lenders. To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount
required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Swingline Lender under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 9.03 or the extent that the fees, costs and expenses of the Approved
Third-Party Appraiser incurred pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii)(F) hereof exceeds the Supplemental Testing Expense Cap for any 12 month period at any time no Event of Default shall exist (provided that prior to incurring
expenses in excess of the 

166 

Supplemental Testing Expense Cap, the Administrative Agent shall have afforded the Lenders an opportunity to consult with the Administrative Agent regarding such expenses), (i) each Lender
severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent such Lenders Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount and (ii) each Revolving
Lender severally agrees to pay to the applicable Issuing Bank or the applicable Swingline Lender, as the case may be, such Revolving Lenders Applicable Revolving Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or
indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount; provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative
Agent, the applicable Issuing Bank or the applicable Swingline Lender in its capacity as such. 

(d) Waiver of Consequential Damages,
Etc. To the extent permitted by applicable law, no party hereto shall assert, and each party hereto hereby waives, any claim against any other party (or any Related Party to such party), on any theory of liability, for special, indirect,
consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit
or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided that nothing contained in this sentence shall limit the Borrowers indemnification obligations under Section 9.03 to the extent such special, indirect consequential or punitive damages
are included in any third party claim in connection with which any Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification thereunder. Provided that such Indemnitee has complied with its obligations under Section 9.13, no Indemnitee
shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement
or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, except to the extent caused by the fraud, willful misconduct or gross negligence of such Indemnitee or its Related Parties, as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 

(e) Payments. All amounts due under
this Section 9.03 shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor. 

SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns. 

(a) Assignments Generally. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and
their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of an Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder
without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder
except in accordance with this Section 9.04 (and any attempted assignment or transfer by any Lender which is not in accordance with this Section 9.04 shall be treated as provided in the second sentence of
Section 9.04(b)(iii)). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any
Affiliate of an Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right,
remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

167 

(b) Assignments by Lenders. 

(i) Assignments Generally. Subject to the conditions set forth in clause (ii) below, any Lender may assign
to one or more assignees (other than any Competitor or any natural persons (or a holding company, investments vehicle, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated by or for the primary benefit of a natural Person) or any Defaulting Lender
(or Competitor) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans and LC Exposure at the time owing to it) (provided that, so long as no Event of Default under clause
(a), (b), (i), (j) or (k) of Article VII has occurred and is continuing, the assignee (other than any assignee that is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender) shall have executed a Lender non-disclosure agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E hereto (a Lender NDA), with such changes requested by such assignee as may be reasonably approved by the
Borrower, with the Borrower prior to such assignees receipt of any confidential information of the Borrower), and with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of: 

(A) the Borrower; provided that, no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender or an
Affiliate of a Lender, or, if an Event of Default under clause (a), (b), (i), (j) or (k) of Article VII has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee; provided, further, that the
Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall have objected thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received notice thereof; and 

(B) the Administrative Agent and, in the case of any assignment of Revolving Commitments, each Swingline Lender and each
Issuing Bank; provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lenders or the Issuing Banks shall be required for an assignment by a Lender to another Lender or to an Affiliate of a Lender. 

(ii) Certain Conditions to Assignments. Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions: 

(A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an assignment of the entire remaining amount
of the assigning Lenders Commitment or Loans and LC Exposure of a Class, the amount of the Commitment or Loans and LC Exposure of such Class of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment
and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than U.S. $5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consents; provided that, no such consent of the
Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default under clause (a), (b), (i), (j) or (k) of Article VII has occurred and is continuing; 

168 

(B) each partial assignment of any Class of Commitments or Loans and LC
Exposure shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement in respect of such Class of Commitments, Loans and LC Exposure; 

(C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption (or any
other form approved by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), together with a processing and recordation fee of U.S. $3,500 (which fee shall not be payable in connection with an assignment to a Lender or to an Affiliate of a Lender), for which
the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors shall not be obligated; 

(D) the assignee, if it shall not already be a Lender
of the applicable Class, shall deliver (x) to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire, and (y) to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, any tax forms or certifications required by
Section 2.15(f); and 

(E) any assignment by a Multicurrency Lender shall (unless the Borrower
otherwise consents in writing) be made only to an assignee that has agreed to make Revolving Loans pursuant to its Multicurrency Commitment and is able to fund and receive payments in the Agreed Foreign Currencies for which Revolving Loans may be
made at the time of such proposed assignments without the need to obtain any authorization referred to in clause (c) of the definition of Agreed Foreign Currency. 

(iii) Effectiveness of Assignments. Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (c) of
this Section 9.04, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and
obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an
Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.14, 2.15,
2.16 and 9.03 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this
Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (f) of this Section 9.04 (but only
to the extent such assignment or other transfer otherwise complies with the provisions of such paragraph). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender
hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions set forth in Section 9.04(b)(ii) or otherwise, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the
Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with

169 

the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the Applicable Percentage of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee
and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank, each Swingline Lender and each Lender hereunder (and interest
accrued thereon), and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full Applicable Percentage of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and
obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph (iii), then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes
of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. The Administrative Agent agrees to provide the Borrower with official copies of the Register upon reasonable request. 

(c) Maintenance of Registers by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower,
shall maintain at one of its offices in New York City a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amount (and stated
interest) of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Registers and each individually, a Register). The entries in the Registers shall be
conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Registers pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this
Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Registers shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and, solely with respect to their own Commitments, Loans and LC Disbursements, any Issuing Bank and any Lender, at any reasonable time
and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

(d) Acceptance of Assignments by Administrative Agent. Upon its receipt of a
duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignees completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee
referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section 9.04 and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section 9.04, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and
record the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph (d). 

(e) Special Purposes Vehicles. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a Granting
Lender) may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle (an SPC) owned or administered by such Granting Lender, identified as such in writing from time to time by such Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the
Borrower, the option to provide all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make; provided that, (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment to make any Loan by any SPC, (ii) if an SPC
elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to provide all or any part of such Loan, such Granting Lender shall, subject to the terms of this Agreement, make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof, (iii) the rights of any such SPC
shall be derivative of the rights of such Granting Lender, and such SPC shall be subject to all of the restrictions upon such Granting 

170 

Lender herein contained, and (iv) no SPC shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.14 (or any other increased costs protection provision), 2.15 or 2.16. Each SPC
shall be conclusively presumed to have made arrangements with its Granting Lender for the exercise of voting and other rights hereunder in a manner which is acceptable to the SPC, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower, and each of
the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Obligors shall be entitled to rely upon and deal solely with the Granting Lender with respect to Loans made by or through its SPC. The making of a Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of
the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made by the Granting Lender. 

Each party hereto hereby agrees (which
agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding senior indebtedness of any SPC, it will not institute against, or join any other person
in instituting against, such SPC, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or similar proceedings under the laws of the United States or any State thereof, in respect of claims arising out of this Agreement;
provided that, the Granting Lender for each SPC hereby agrees to indemnify, save and hold harmless each other party hereto for any Loss arising out of their inability to institute any such proceeding against its SPC. In addition,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 9.04, any SPC may (i) without the prior written consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and without paying any processing fee therefor, assign all or a portion
of its interests in any Loans to its Granting Lender or to any financial institutions providing liquidity and/or credit facility to or for the account of such SPC to fund the Loans made by such SPC or to support the securities (if any) issued
by such SPC to fund such Loans (but nothing contained herein shall be construed in derogation of the obligation of the Granting Lender to make Loans hereunder); provided that, neither the consent of the SPC nor of any such assignee shall be
required for amendments or waivers hereunder except for those amendments or waivers for which the consent of participants is required under paragraph (f) below, and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis (in the same manner described
in Section 9.13(b)) any non-public information relating to its Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of a surety, guarantee or credit or liquidity
enhancement to such SPC. 

(f) Participations. Any Lender may, with the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld or delayed), sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (other than any Competitor or any natural persons (or a holding company, investments vehicle, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated by or for the
primary benefit of a natural Person)) (a Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including all or a portion of its Commitments and the
Loans and LC Disbursements owing to it); provided that, (i) the consent of the Borrower shall not be required (x) for a sale of a participation to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or (y) if an Event of Default under
clause (a), (b), (i), (j) or (k) of Article VII has occurred and is continuing, (ii) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain unchanged,
(iii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iv) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely
and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such
Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any 

171 

provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that, such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to
any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant. Subject to paragraph (g) of this Section 9.04, the Borrower agrees that each
Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.14, 2.15 and 2.16, subject to the requirements and limitations therein, to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment
pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section 9.04; provided that, such Participant agrees that it (i) shall be subject to the provisions of Section 2.18 as if it were an assignee and
(ii) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.14, 2.15 or 2.16, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such
entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation; provided, further, that no Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of
Section 2.16 unless the Borrower is notified of the participation granted to such Participant and such Participant shall have complied with the requirements of Section 2.16 as if such Participant
is a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrowers request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 2.18(b) with respect
to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender; provided that, such Participant agrees to be subject to
Section 2.17(d) as though it were a Lender hereunder. So long as no Event of Default under clause (a), (b), (i), (j) or (k) of Article VII has occurred and is continuing,
all Participants (other than a Participant that is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender) must execute a Lender NDA, with such changes as requested by such Participant as may be approved by the Borrower, prior to such Participants receipt of
any confidential information of the Borrower. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the
name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participants interest in the Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant
Register)); provided that, no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any other information relating to a Participants interest
in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any person except to the extent that such disclosures are necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in
registered form under Section 163 of the Code and any related United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded
in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have
no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 

(g) Limitations on Rights of Participants. A Participant shall not be
entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.14, 2.15 or 2.16 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the
sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrowers prior written consent. A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.16
unless the Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with Section 2.16(e) and (f) as

172 

though it were a Lender and in the case of a Participant claiming exemption for portfolio interest under Section 871(h) or 881(c) of the Code, the applicable Lender shall provide
the Borrower with satisfactory evidence that the participation is in registered form and shall permit the Borrower to review such register as reasonably needed for the Borrower to comply with its obligations under applicable laws and regulations.

(h) Certain Pledges. Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this
Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any such pledge or assignment to a Federal Reserve Bank or any other central bank having jurisdiction over such Lender, and this Section 9.04 shall not apply to any such pledge or
assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such assignee for such Lender as a party hereto;
provided, further, that if any confidential information of the Borrower is to be provided to such pledgee or assignee (in each case, other than a Federal Reserve Bank or any other central bank having jurisdiction over such Lender) and
so long as no Event of Default under clause (a), (b), (i), (j) or (k) of Article VII has occurred and is continuing, such pledgee or assignee must first execute a Lender NDA, with such changes as
requested by such pledgee or assignee as may be reasonably approved by the Borrower, prior to its receipt of any such confidential information. 

(i) No Assignments to the Borrower or Affiliates. Anything in this Section 9.04 to the contrary notwithstanding, no Lender may
assign or participate any interest in any Loan or LC Exposure held by it hereunder to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries without the prior consent of each Lender. 

SECTION 9.05. Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower herein and in the certificates
or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of any Loans and
issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or
incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this
Agreement is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 9.03 and Article VIII
shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination, Cash Collateralization or backstop of the Letters of Credit and the
Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 

173 

SECTION 9.06. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution. 

(a) Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on
different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent
constitute the entire contract between and among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in
Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the
signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to
this Agreement electronically (e.g., pdf) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 

(b)
Electronic Execution of Loan Documents. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents including any Assignment and Assumption shall be
deemed to include electronic signatures or electronic records, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the
extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform
Electronic Transactions Act. 

SECTION 9.07. Severability. Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof; and the
invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

SECTION
9.08. Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time (with the prior consent of the Administrative Agent or the
Required Lenders), to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate
to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any of and all the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement held by such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand
under this Agreement and although such obligations may be unmatured; provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the
Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.17(d) and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for
the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the amounts owing to such Defaulting
Lender hereunder as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender under this Section 9.08 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender may have. Each Lender
agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 

174 

SECTION 9.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 

(a) Governing Law. This Agreement and, unless otherwise specified therein, each other Loan Document shall be construed in accordance
with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 

(b) Submission to Jurisdiction. Each party to this Agreement hereby
irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New
York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement and any other Loan Document, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby
irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a
final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any right that the Administrative
Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement against the Borrower or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 

(c) Waiver of Venue. The Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do
so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section 9.09. Each of the
parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 

(d) Service of Process. Each party to this Agreement (i) irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for
notices in Section 9.01 and (ii) agrees that service as provided in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01 is sufficient to confer personal jurisdiction over such party in any
proceeding in any court and otherwise constitutes effective and binding service in every respect. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT
MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH
PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND
(B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 9.10. 

175 

SECTION 9.11. Judgment Currency. This is an international loan transaction in which
the specification of Dollars or any Foreign Currency, as the case may be (the Specified Currency), and payment in New York City or the country of the Specified Currency, as the case may be (the Specified Place),
is of the essence, and the Specified Currency shall be the currency of account in all events relating to Loans denominated in the Specified Currency. The payment obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement shall not be discharged or satisfied
by an amount paid in another currency or in another place, whether pursuant to a judgment or otherwise, to the extent that the amount so paid on conversion to the Specified Currency and transfer to the Specified Place under normal banking procedures
does not yield the amount of the Specified Currency at the Specified Place due hereunder. If for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder in the Specified Currency into another currency (the
Second Currency), the rate of exchange that shall be applied shall be the rate at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the Specified Currency with the Second Currency on the
Business Day next preceding the day on which such judgment is rendered. The obligation of the Borrower in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in this
Section 9.11 called an Entitled Person) shall, notwithstanding the rate of exchange actually applied in rendering such judgment be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by such
Entitled Person of any sum adjudged to be due hereunder in the Second Currency such Entitled Person may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase and transfer to the Specified Place the Specified Currency with the amount of the Second
Currency so adjudged to be due; and the Borrower hereby, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, agrees to indemnify such Entitled Person against, and to pay such Entitled Person on demand, in the Specified Currency, the
amount (if any) by which the sum originally due to such Entitled Person in the Specified Currency hereunder exceeds the amount of the Specified Currency so purchased and transferred. 

SECTION 9.12. Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only,
are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 

SECTION 9.13. Treatment of Certain Information; No Fiduciary Duty; Confidentiality. 

(a) Treatment of Certain Information; No Fiduciary Duty; No Conflicts. The Borrower acknowledges that from time to time financial
advisory, investment banking and other services may be offered or provided to the Borrower or one or more of its Subsidiaries (in connection with this Agreement or otherwise) by any Lender or by one or more subsidiaries or affiliates of such
Lender and the Borrower hereby authorizes each Lender to share any information delivered to such Lender by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries pursuant to this Agreement, or in connection with the decision of such Lender to enter into this Agreement,
to any such subsidiary or affiliate, it being understood that any such subsidiary or affiliate receiving such information shall be bound by the provisions of paragraph (b) of this Section 9.13 as if it were a Lender hereunder.
Such authorization shall survive the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or 

176 

termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. Each Lender shall use all information delivered to such Lender by the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries pursuant to this Agreement, or in connection with the decision of such Lender to enter into this Agreement, in connection with providing services to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent, each Lender and their
Affiliates (collectively, solely for purposes of this paragraph (a), the Lenders), may have economic interests that conflict with those of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, their stockholders and/or their affiliates. The Borrower,
on behalf of itself and each of its Subsidiaries, agrees that nothing in the Loan Documents or otherwise will be deemed to create an advisory, fiduciary or agency relationship or fiduciary or other implied duty between any Lender, on the one hand,
and the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, its stockholders or its affiliates, on the other. The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries each acknowledges and agrees that (i) the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents (including the exercise of rights and remedies hereunder and thereunder) are arms-length commercial transactions between the Lenders, on the one hand, and the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on
the other, and (ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading thereto, (x) no Lender has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, any of their stockholders or
affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby (or the exercise of rights or remedies with respect thereto) or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether any Lender has advised, is currently advising or will advise the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, their stockholders or their affiliates on other matters) or any other obligation to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries except the obligations expressly set forth in the Loan Documents and (y) each
Lender is acting solely as principal and not as the agent or fiduciary of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, their management, stockholders, creditors or any other Person. The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries each acknowledges and agrees
that it has consulted its own legal and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate and that it is responsible for making its own independent judgment with respect to such transactions and the process leading thereto. The Borrower and
each of its Subsidiaries each agrees that it will not claim that any Lender has rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owes a fiduciary or similar duty to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, in connection with such transaction
or the process leading thereto. 

(b) Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks agrees to
maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (i) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and
other representatives (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential on terms consistent with this clause
(b) and on a reasonable need to know basis in connection with such Lenders obligations under this Agreement), (ii) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any
self-regulatory authority), (iii) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process (provided that, except in the case of any ordinary course examination by a regulatory, self-regulatory or
governmental agency, it will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify the Borrower of any such disclosure prior to making such disclosure to the extent legally permitted and timely practicable), (iv) to any other party hereto, (v) in
connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (vi)

177 

other than to any Competitor, subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 9.13(b), to (x) any assignee of or Participant in, or
any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (y) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its
obligations, (vii) with the written consent of the Borrower, (viii) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 9.13(b) or (y) becomes available to
the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower and is not actually known by it to be in breach of any other Persons confidentiality
obligations to the Borrower, (xi) on a confidential basis to (x) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or the credit facility provided hereunder or (y) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar
agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers with respect to the credit facility provided hereunder, (xii) to a potential or actual insurer or reinsurer to the extent required by such insurer or reinsurer in connection
with providing insurance, reinsurance or credit risk mitigation coverage under which payments are to be made or may be made by reference to the Credit Agreement, subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as (or no less
restrictive than) those of this Section 9.13 or (xiii) on a reasonable need to know basis in connection with obligations under this Agreement, to any other Person subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as (or
no less restrictive than) those of this Section 9.13. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 9.13 shall prohibit any Person from voluntarily disclosing or providing any Information within the scope of this confidentiality
provision to any governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory organization (any such entity, a Regulatory Authority) to the extent that any such prohibition on disclosure set forth in this Section 9.13 shall be prohibited by
the laws or regulations applicable to such Regulatory Authority 

For purposes of this Section 9.13(b), Information
means all information received from or on behalf of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses or any Portfolio Investment, other than any such information that
is available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; provided that, in the case of Information received from the Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries after the date hereof, such Information shall be deemed confidential at the time unless clearly identified as nonconfidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this
Section 9.13(b) shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential
information. 

SECTION 9.14. PATRIOT Act. Each Lender hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the PATRIOT
Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, each other Obligor and each beneficiary of a Letter of Credit, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower, each other Obligor and each
beneficiary of a Letter of Credit and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Borrower, each other Obligor and each beneficiary of a Letter of Credit in accordance with the PATRIOT Act. 

178 

SECTION 9.15. Lender Information Reporting. The Administrative Agent shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to deliver to the Borrower not later than one Business Day after the last day of each calendar month, a notice summarizing in reasonable detail the amount of interest, fees and (if any) other expenses under this
Agreement or the other Loan Documents accrued for the month then ended (and noting amounts paid/unpaid); provided that, the failure of the Administrative Agent to deliver this report shall not excuse the Borrower from paying interest, fees and (if
any) other expenses in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents. 

SECTION 9.16. Interest Rate
Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious
interest permitted by applicable law (the Maximum Rate). If Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if
it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by
applicable law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in
equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the obligations hereunder. 

SECTION 9.17.
Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Solely to the extent any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to
the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder
which may be payable to it by any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full
or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or
other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by
it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

179 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the
exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

SECTION 9.18. Certain ERISA Matters. 

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the later of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto and the date hereof, to,
and (y) covenants, from such date to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers, and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or
for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Obligor, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

(i) such
Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters
of Credit or the Commitments, 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions
involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a
class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house
asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the
meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the
Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole
discretion, and such Lender with respect to the Loan Documents. 

180 

(b) In addition, unless sub-clause
(i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause
(iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the later of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto and the date hereof, to, and (y) covenants, from such date
to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers, and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any
other Obligor, that: 

(i) none of the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers, or any of their respective Affiliates
is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation
or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto), 

(ii) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in,
administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement is independent (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-21),

(iii) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in,
administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and investment strategies
(including in respect of the Secured Obligations (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement)), 

(iv) the Person
making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement is a fiduciary under ERISA or the
Code, or both, with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement and is responsible for exercising independent judgment in evaluating the transactions hereunder, and 

(v) no fee or other compensation is being paid directly to the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers or any their
respective Affiliates for investment advice (as opposed to other services) in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement. 

(c) The Administrative Agent and the Joint Lead Arrangers hereby inform the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide
impartial investment advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an
Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments
for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the other
Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage
fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, bankers acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 

181 

SECTION 9.19. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the
Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Hedging Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support, and each such QFC, a Supported QFC),
the parties hereto acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents
and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 

(a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing
such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such
interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special
Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such
Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is
understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties hereto with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 

(b) As used in this Section 9.18, the following terms have the following meanings: 

(i) BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and
interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 

(ii) Covered Entity means any of the
following: 

(A) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R.
252.82(b); 

(B) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12
C.F.R. 47.3(b); or 

182 

(C) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in
accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

(iii) Default Right has the meaning assigned to that
term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

(iv) QFC has the
meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 

SECTION 9.20. Representations and Warranties of the Lenders. Each Lender represents and warrants that in participating as a Lender, it
is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and not for the purpose of investing in the general
performance or operations of the Borrower, or for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument such as a security (and each Lender agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing, such as a
claim under the federal or state securities laws). 

SECTION 9.21. Joint Lead Arrangers. No Joint Lead Arranger shall have
any obligations or duties whatsoever in such capacity under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and no Joint Lead Arranger shall incur any liability hereunder or thereunder in such capacity, but each Joint Lead Arranger shall have all of the
rights, benefits and privileges set forth herein. 

SECTION 9.22. Termination. Promptly following the later of the termination of
the Commitments and the date on which all Credit Agreement Obligations (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) (other than unasserted contingent indemnities and similar obligations that survive the termination thereof) have been paid in
full in cash and the Termination Date, the Administrative Agent shall direct the Collateral Agent to, on behalf of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders, deliver to the Borrower such termination statements and releases and
other documents necessary or appropriate to evidence the release of each Obligor from this Agreement, the other Loan Documents to which such Obligor is a party and each of the documents securing the Obligations as the Borrower may reasonably
request, all at the sole cost and expense of the Borrower. 

183 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by
their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

AGL PRIVATE CREDIT INCOME FUND

By: 

/s/ Taylor Boswell

Name: Taylor Boswell

Title: Chief Executive Officer

184 

NATIXIS, NEW YORK BRANCH, as Administrative Agent, a Swingline Lender, an Issuing Bank and a Lender

By: 

/s/ Yazmin Vasconez

Name: Yazmin Vasconez

Title: Director

185
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ck0002011498-20241220.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ck0002011498-20241220_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ck0002011498-20241220_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Dec. 20, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0002011498

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Dec. 20, 2024

Entity Registrant Name AGL PRIVATE CREDIT INCOME FUND

Entity File Number 814-01782

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 99-4917603

Entity Address, Address Line One 535 Madison Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two 24th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10022

City Area Code (212)

Local Phone Number 973-8600

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.aglprivatecreditincomefund.com//20241220/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ck0002011498-20241220.xsd 
ck0002011498-20241220_lab.xml 
ck0002011498-20241220_pre.xml 
d862692d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-002193-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>d862692d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002011498 

2024-12-20 
2024-12-20 

false 
0002011498 
8-K 
2024-12-20 
AGL PRIVATE CREDIT INCOME FUND 
814-01782 
DE 
99-4917603 
535 Madison Avenue 
24th Floor 
New York 
NY 
10022 
(212) 
973-8600 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>