<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-079760.txt : 20250414
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-079760.hdr.sgml : 20250414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250414091509
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-079760
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250414
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ORION ENERGY SYSTEMS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001409375
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC LIGHTING & WIRING EQUIPMENT [3640]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				391847269
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33887
		FILM NUMBER:		25834349

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2210 WOODLAND DRIVE
		CITY:			MANITOWOC
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			54220
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-660-9340

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2210 WOODLAND DRIVE
		CITY:			MANITOWOC
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			54220
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d857627d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000140937500014093752025-04-142025-04-14

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 14, 2025

ORION ENERGY SYSTEMS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Wisconsin 01-33887 39-1847269

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

2210 Woodland Drive,

Manitowoc, Wisconsin 54220

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (920)892-9340

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock, no par value OESX The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (NASDAQ Capital Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item5.02. 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Replacement of Michael H. Jenkins as Chief Executive Officer 

Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (the Company) announced today that Michael H. Jenkins, the Companys Chief Executive Officer, has been replaced as Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the Termination Date). Mr. Jenkins has served as the Companys Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Companys board of directors (the Board) since November 2022. 

Appointment of Sally A. Washlow as new Chief Executive Officer 

In conjunction with Mr. Jenkins announced replacement, the Company also announced its Boards appointment of Sally A. Washlow as the Companys new Chief Executive Officer, effective as of Mr. Jenkins Termination Date. Ms. Washlow, age 53, has served as a member of the Board since August 2022, and she will continue to serve on the Board. Ms. Washlow currently leads the Midwest region for Lee Hecht Harrisons International Center for Executive Options working with senior level and C-Suite executives from companies ranging from Fortune 10 to privately held. Since 2017, Ms. Washlow has operated SW Consulting LLC, supporting companies with executive management, strategy initiatives and board service to privately and publicly held companies. From 2015 to 2017, Ms. Washlow was the Chief Executive Officer of Cedar Electronics Corporation (formerly a public company, Nasdaq: COBR), a supplier of radar detectors, GPS systems, dash cameras and other electronic products, and led the integration of the Cobra and Escort electronics businesses. Prior to Cedar Electronics, Ms. Washlow worked for 13 years at Cobra Electronics Corporation in various capacities, including as President from 2013 until 2015. 

In connection with her appointment as the Companys new Chief Executive Officer, on April 14, 2025, the Company entered into an Executive Employment and Severance Agreement with Ms. Washlow (the Employment Agreement), pursuant to which she will be provided with the following compensation arrangements: (i) an annual base salary of $382,500, provided that if the Companys other named executive officers base salaries are returned to their pre-reduction levels, then Ms. Washlows base salary will also be similarly adjusted up to $425,000; (ii) a target annual bonus of 100% (threshold 80% and maximum of 200%) of her base salary upon the Companys relative achievement of executive incentive plan performance targets for each fiscal year; (iii) a special bonus of $100,000 if the Company achieves a stretch goal of $100 million in revenue for fiscal 2026; (iv) a cash signing bonus of $500,000 payable on June 2, 2025, approximately $300,000 of which must be used by Ms. Washlow to purchase the Companys common stock, no par value (Common Stock) directly from the Company shortly after the Company announces its fiscal 2025 financial results; and (v) a pre-change of control severance multiplier of 1.5x and a post-change of control severance multiplier of 2.0x. 

In addition, the Employment Agreement provides that, on the 15th trading day after the Company announces its fiscal 2025 financial results, Ms. Washlow will be granted an initial equity grant consisting of a non-qualified stock option exercisable for a total of 500,000 shares of Common Stock. The option exercise price per share will be equal to the closing sale price of the Common Stock over the preceeding 10 trading days. Out of this grant, the portion of Ms. Washlows stock option exercisable for one-half of the option shares (250,000 shares) will vest pro rata over a three-year period after the grant date, provided that Ms. Washlow is then still employed by the Company on each applicable vesting date. The portion of Ms. Washlows stock option exercisable for the second one-half of the grant (250,000 shares) will vest as follows if the Companys per share price achieves the following levels over the three-year period after the grant date and provided Ms. Washlow is then still employed by the Company on the applicable vesting date: (a) one-third at $3.00; (b) one-third at $4.00; and (c) one-third at $5.00. Achievement of the target share prices will be determined based on a five trading day average closing price of the Common Stock. This stock option grant will be forfeited if not approved by the Companys shareholders at the Companys 2025 annual shareholders meeting. 

In addition, Ms. Washlow will be entitled to certain other benefits and perquisites, including: (i) term life insurance, with a face value of $1,000,000; (ii) health and prescription drug reimbursement per the Companys plan; (v) reimbursement for her COBRA premiums to continue her current health care coverage with her former employer until she and her family are fully covered under the Companys health plan; (iv) group long-term disability insurance; (v) an automobile allowance of $1,000 per month, plus mileage from her home to the Companys 

2 

Manitowoc, Wisconsin headquarters; (vi) tax preparation fee reimbursement; (vii) annual executive physical reimbursement; (viii) reimbursement for all travel, lodging and meal expenses for travel for, and working at, the Companys offices; and (ix) reimbursement of her legal fees to complete the Employment Agreement. 

There are no arrangements or understandings between Ms. Washlow and any other person pursuant to which Ms. Washlow was selected as an officer, or previously as a director. There are no family relationships between Ms. Washlow and any other director or other officer of the Company, and there are no transactions in which the Company is a party and in which Ms. Washlow has a material interest subject to disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Promotion of Scott Green to President and Chief Operating Officer 

In support of Ms. Washlows appointment as the Companys new Chief Executive Officer, Scott Green has been promoted by the Board to be the Companys new President and Chief Operating Officer. In such capacity, Mr. Green will continue to be primarily responsible for Orions sales and project management functions. Mr. Green currently serves as the Companys Executive Vice President and President of Orion Services Group. From May 2017 to November 2021, he previously served as Orions Chief Operating Officer. 

Board Composition Changes 

As a result of Ms. Washlow no longer being an independent director due to her appointment as the Companys new Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Washlow stepped down as a member and Chair of the Boards Human Capital Management and Compensation Committee and as a member of the Boards Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Audit and Finance Committee. Heather Wishart-Smith was appointed by the Board as the new Chair of the Boards Human Capital Management and Compensation Committee. 

*** 

The foregoing description of the Employment Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Employment Agreement, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item7.01. 

Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On April 14, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the senior management and Board composition changes discussed above. A copy of such press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

Exhibit 10.1 Executive Employment and Severance Agreement, dated April 14, 2025, by and between Orion Energy Systems, Inc. and Sally A. Washlow. 

Exhibit 99.1 Press Release. 

Exhibit 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

3 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

ORION ENERGY SYSTEMS, INC.

Date: April 14, 2025 By: 

/s/ Anthony L. Otten

Anthony L. Otten

Board Chair

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d857627dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

Name of Executive: Sally A. Washlow

Position: Chief Executive Officer

Fiscal Year 2026 Base Salary (after Effective Date): $382,500

Effective Date: April 14, 2025

Pre-Change of Control Severance Multiplier is: 1.5x

Post-Change of Control Severance Multiplier is: 2x

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT 

AND SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 

This Executive
Employment Agreement (Agreement) is between the executive named above (Executive) and Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (Orion or the Company) effective as of the effective date set forth above
(Effective Date). 

WHEREAS, Orion desires to employ Executive (by itself or through one of its affiliates, and Orion shall
be deemed to include any such affiliate, if applicable, when used herein), and Executive desires to be employed by Orion under the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

WHEREAS, it is anticipated that Executive will continue to serve as a director of Orion on its Board for as long as Executive continues to be employed
by Orion as its Chief Executive Officer. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows: 

1. Effective Date; Term. This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and continue until terminated as set forth in Section 4
hereof. Termination of this Agreement will not affect the rights or obligations of the parties hereunder arising out of, or relating to circumstances occurring prior to the termination of this Agreement, which rights and obligations will survive the
termination of this Agreement. 

2. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings ascribed to
them: 

(a) Accrued Benefits shall mean, as of the Termination Date, the sum of: (i) Executives Base Salary
earned but not paid for the time period ending with the Termination Date; (ii) any other earned but unpaid amounts as of the Termination Date, and (iii) any other payments or benefits to be provided to Executive by Orion pursuant to any
employee benefit plans or arrangements adopted by Orion, to the extent such amounts are due from Orion. 

(b) Base Salary
shall mean the Executives annual base salary with Orion as in effect from time to time beginning, with the initial fiscal year (annualized) 2026 base salary set forth above beginning from and after the Effective Date. 

(c) Board shall mean the board of directors of Orion or a committee of such Board authorized to act on its behalf in certain
circumstances, including the Compensation Committee of the Board. 

(d) Cause shall mean a good faith finding by Orion
that Executive has (i) failed, neglected, or refused to perform her employment duties from time to time assigned to her (other than due to death or Disability); (ii) committed any willful, intentional, or grossly negligent act having the effect
of injuring the interest, business, or reputation of Orion; (iii) violated or failed to comply in any material respect with Orions published rules, regulations, or policies, as in effect or amended from time to time; (iv) committed
an act constituting a felony or misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, fraud, theft, or dishonesty; (v) misappropriated or embezzled any property of Orion (whether or not such act constitutes a felony or misdemeanor); or (vi) breached any
material provision of this Agreement or any other applicable confidentiality, non-compete,non-solicit, general release, covenant not-to-sue, equity award agreement, or other agreement with Orion. 

(e) Change of Control shall mean and be limited to the occurrence of any
of the following: 

(i) the acquisition by any person (as such term is used in Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), other than (A) Orion or any of its subsidiaries, (B) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under any employee benefit plan of Orion or any of its subsidiaries, or (C) an underwriter temporarily
holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, of the beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) directly or
indirectly, of securities of Orion by reason of having acquired such securities during the twelve (12)-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition representing 20% or more of the then outstanding shares of the common stock of
Orion, or the combined voting power of Orions then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the Company Voting Stock); or 

(ii) the majority of members of Orions Board is replaced during any twelve (12)-month period by directors whose appointment or election
is not endorsed by a majority of the members of Orions Board before the date of the appointment or election; or 

(iii) the
consummation of a merger, consolidation, reorganization or share exchange of Orion with any other corporation or the issuance of Company Voting Stock in connection with a merger, consolidation, reorganization or share exchange of Orion which
requires approval of the shareholders of Orion, other than (A) a merger, consolidation, reorganization or share exchange which would result in the Company Voting Stock outstanding immediately prior to such merger, consolidation, reorganization
or share exchange continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or any parent thereof) at least fifty percent (50%) of the Company Voting Stock or such surviving entity
or any parent thereof outstanding immediately after such merger, consolidation, reorganization or share exchange, or (B) a merger, consolidation or share exchange effected to implement a recapitalization of Orion (or similar transaction) in
which no person (as defined above) is or becomes the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly or indirectly,
of securities of Orion (not including in the securities beneficially owned by such person (as defined above) any securities acquired directly from Orion or its affiliates (within the meaning of Rule
12b-2 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) pursuant to the express authorization by the Board that refers to this exception) representing twenty percent (20%) or more of either
the then outstanding shares of common stock of Orion or the Company Voting Stock; or 

(iv) the consummation of a plan of complete
liquidation or dissolution of Orion or a sale or disposition by Orion of all or substantially all of Orions assets (in one transaction or a series of related transactions within any period of 24 consecutive months), in each case, which
requires approval of the shareholders of Orion, other than a sale or disposition by Orion of all or substantially all of Orions assets to an entity at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting
securities of which are owned by persons (as defined above) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of Orion immediately prior to such sale. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred if there is consummated any transaction or
series of integrated transactions immediately following which the record holders of the Company Voting Stock immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to own, directly or indirectly, in the same proportions as their
ownership in Orion, an entity that owns all or substantially all of the assets or Company Voting Stock of Orion immediately following such transaction or series of transactions. 

(f) COBRA shall mean the provisions of Code Section 4980B. 

(g) Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, as interpreted by rules and regulations issued pursuant
thereto, including any successor provisions thereto. 

(h) Competing Product means any product or service which is sold
or provided in competition with a product or service: (A) that Orion has sold or provided at any time during the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the Termination Date or (B) that was designed, developed, tested, distributed,
marketed, provided or produced by Orion at any time during the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the Termination Date. 

2 

(i) Disability shall mean a total and permanent mental or physical
disability precluding Executive from performing the material and substantial duties of her employment for 180 days during any twelve (12)-month period. For purposes of this Agreement, the Executive shall be deemed totally and permanently disabled at
the end of such 180th day and which makes Executive eligible to receive benefits under Orions long-term disability plan. 

(j)
Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following without the consent of Executive: (i) a material diminution in the Executives Base Salary; (ii) a material diminution in the Executives duties,
authority or responsibilities; or (iii) a material breach by Orion of any provisions of this Agreement or any equity award agreement with Orion to which the Executive is a party. 

(k) Key Employee means any person who at the Termination Date is employed or engaged by Orion and with whom Executive has
had material contact in the course of employment during the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the Termination Date, and (i) is a manager, officer or director of Orion; (ii) is in possession of Confidential Information and/or
Trade Secrets of Orion; and/or (iii) is directly managed by or reports to Executive as of, or at any time prior to, the Termination Date. 

(l) Restricted Customer means a customer of Orion during the twelve (12)-month period immediately preceding the Termination
Date. 

(m) Restricted Territory means Territories (as the term Territory is defined below) in which Orion
has sold or provided products or services during the twelve (12)-month period immediately preceding the Termination Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Restricted Territory is limited to Territories in which Orion has sold or provided in
excess of one hundred thousand dollars (US $100,000) in the aggregate worth of products or services in the twelve (12)-month period immediately preceding the Termination Date. 

(n) Separation from Service shall have the meaning set forth in Code Section 409A and the related Treasury Regulations;
provided, that for this purpose, a separation from service is deemed to occur on the date that Orion and Executive reasonably anticipate that the level of bona fide services Executive would perform after that date (whether as an
employee or independent contractor) would permanently decrease to no more than 50% of the average level of bona fide services provided in the immediately preceding thirty-six (36) months. 

(o) Services means sales, financial, supervisory, management, engineering, scientific or any other services of the type
performed for Orion by Executive (or one or more Orion executives managed, supervised or directed by Executive) during the final twenty-four (24) months preceding the Termination Date, but shall not include clerical, menial or manual labor.

(p) Severance Payment shall mean (i) the Executives Base Salary at the time of the Termination Date plus
(ii) the average of the annual bonuses (exclusive of Executives signing bonus and any special fiscal 2026 bonus) earned by the Executive with respect to each of the three completed fiscal years of Orion preceding the fiscal year in which
the Termination Date occurs (or such lesser number of fiscal years for which the Executive was employed by Orion, with any partial years bonus (exclusive of Executives signing bonus and any special fiscal 2026 bonus) being annualized
with respect to such fiscal year) multiplied by the severance multiplier set forth above; provided thatif Executives Termination Date occurs on or following a Change of Control, the multiplier described above shall be increased
to the post-Change of Control severance multiplier set forth above and any reduction in Executives Base Salary since the date of the Change of Control shall be ignored; and provided further that if Executives Termination Date
occurs prior to March 31, 2028, then the calculation above of Executives average annual bonuses under clause (ii) shall be determined based on the higher of (A) Executives average regular annual bonus over her pre-Termination Date employment period pursuant to clause (ii) or (B) Executives target annual bonus in the fiscal year of Termination Date divided by three. 

(q) Strategic Customer means a customer of Orion that has purchased a product or service from the Orion during the twelve
(12)-month period immediately preceding the Termination Date, but is limited to individuals or entities concerning which Executive learned, created, or reviewed Confidential Information or Trade Secrets on behalf of Orion during the twelve
(12)-month period preceding the Termination Date. 

3 

(r) Termination Date shall mean the effective date of the termination of
Executives Employment, as further described in Section 4. 

(s) Territory means a state within the United
States, the District of Columbia, a territory of the United States, and/or a foreign nation. 

(t) Third Party Confidential
Information means information received by Orion from others that Orion has an obligation to treat as confidential. 

(u)
Trade Secret means a Trade Secret as that term is defined under Wis. Stat. 134.90, or its successor provision. 

3.
Employment of Executive. 

(a) Position. 

(i) Commencing immediately on and after the Effective Date, Executive shall serve in the position set forth above and/or in any other position
and/or with such other duties as determined from time to time or at any time by the Board; provided, however, that it is understood and agreed that Executive may transition into such position on a timetable and relative commitment level as she
reasonably determines over the first thirty (30)-day period after the Effective Date; provided, however, it is further understood and agreed that Executive shall continue to serve on the Board of Directors of
Data I/O Corporation and the Board of Directors of the Northbrook Charter of Wintrust Community Banks. 

(ii) Executive will devote
Executives reasonable best efforts to the performance of Executives duties hereunder and, subject to her transition period described above, will not engage in any other business, profession or occupation for compensation or otherwise
which would conflict or interfere with the rendition of such services either directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of Orion; provided that nothing herein shall preclude Executive, subject to the prior approval of Orion,
from accepting appointment to or continuing to serve on any board of directors or trustees of any non-profit organization or any charitable organization; further provided in each case, and in the
aggregate, that such activities do not materially conflict or interfere with the performance of Executives duties hereunder or conflict with Section 7. 

(iii) Executive may provide her services as Chief Executive Officer from any location desired or virtually. 

(iv) Executive will not be required to relocate her permanent residence to provide her services as Chief Executive Officer. 

(b) Base Salary. Orion shall pay Executive a Base Salary at the initial annual rate set forth above, payable in regular installments in
accordance with Orions usual payroll practices; provided that if the Companys other named executive officers base salaries are returned to their pre-reduction levels, then Executives
base salary will also be similarly adjusted up to $425,000. Executive shall be entitled to such increases in Executives Base Salary, if any, as may be determined from time to time by Orion. 

(c) Signing Bonus. On June 2, 2025, Orion will pay Executive an upfront $500,000 cash signing bonus. Out of this signing bonus,
after taking into account Orions tax withholding obligations with respect to such payment, Executive will use the after-tax proceeds to purchase Orions Common Stock directly from Orion (which are estimated to be around $300,000).
Executives Common Stock purchase from Orion will take place on the 10th trading day after Orions public announcement of its fiscal 2025 annual financial results and Executives purchase price per share will be based on the average
closing sale price of Orions Common Stock over the five preceding trading dates. 

(d) Special Fiscal 2026 Bonus. If Orion
achieves a stretch revenue goal for fiscal 2026 of $100 million, then Executive shall be paid a special cash bonus of $100,000 in June of 2026. 

(e) Initial Equity Grant. On the 15th trading day after the Companys public
announcement of its fiscal 2025 annual financial results (Grant Date), the Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee (as defined below) agree to grant Executive an initial equity grant consisting of a non-qualified stock option exercisable for a total of 500,000 shares of the Companys Common Stock. The option exercise price per 

4 

share will be equal to the average closing sale price of the Companys Common Stock over the 10 trading days preceding the Grant Date. Out of this grant, the portion of Executives
stock option exercisable for one-half of the option shares (250,000 shares) will vest pro rata over a three-year period after the Grant Date, provided that Executive is then still employed by the
Company on each applicable vesting date except as provided in Section 5 below or in the applicable award agreement. The portion of Executives stock option exercisable for the second one-half of the
grant (250,000 shares) will vest as follows if the Companys per share price achieves the following levels during the three-year period after the Grant Date and provided Executive is then still employed by the Company on the applicable
vesting date: (a) one-third at $3.00; (b) one-third at $4.00; and (c) one-third at $5.00. Achievement of the target
share prices will be determined based on a five trading day average closing sale price of the Companys Common Stock. This grant will be forfeited if not approved by the Companys shareholders at its 2025 annual shareholders meeting;
provided, that, Orion agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to take all steps necessary to facilitate documenting and requesting such approval from shareholders as part of its annual proxy process. 

(f) Cash Bonus Incentives. Executive shall be entitled to participate in such annual and/or long-term cash incentive compensation plans
and programs of Orion as are generally provided to the senior executives of Orion, as determined by the Board or its Human Capital Management and Compensation Committee (Compensation Committee) in its discretion. Any annual cash bonuses
payable to Executive will be paid at the time Orion normally pays such annual bonuses to its senior executives and will be subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable cash incentive compensation plans and programs, as determined by the
Board or its Compensation Committee in its discretion. For fiscal 2026, Executive will be eligible to receive an annual bonus under Orions fiscal 2026 annual executive compensation plan that has a target payout level of 100% of
Executives Base Salary (with a threshold at 80% and with a max at 200%) based on Orions relative achievement of performance goals for fiscal 2026 as established by the Board or its Compensation Committee. 

(g) Equity Compensation. Executive shall be eligible to receive equity compensation awards (which may consist of restricted stock or
other types of equity awards), as determined by the Board or its Compensation Committee in its discretion pursuant to Orions equity compensation plans and programs in effect from time to time. These awards shall be granted in the discretion of
the Board or its Compensation Committee, and shall include such terms and conditions, including performance objectives, as the Board or its Compensation Committee deems appropriate. The parties anticipate that the Board or its Compensation Committee
will grant Executive a fiscal 2026 annual equity award consisting of 200,000 shares of restricted stock with a pro rata annual three-year time-based vesting schedule, as long as Executive continues to remain employed by Orion as its Chief Executive
Officer on each such vesting date except as provided in Section 5 below or in the applicable award agreement. To avoid any confusion, Executives prior equity awards granted to her by Orion in her capacity as an independent director of the
Board shall continue to vest according to their terms for as long as Executive continues to serve on the Board. While Executive hereafter continues to serve as the Board while also serving in her capacity as Chief Executive Officer, she shall not be
entitled to any further equity awards in her capacity as a director of Orion. 

(h) Employee Benefits. Executive shall be entitled to
participate in Orions other employee benefit plans as in effect from time to time on the same basis as those benefits are generally made available to other senior executives of Orion. 

(i) Business Expenses. Executive shall have a right to be reimbursed for Executives reasonable and appropriate business expenses
which Executive actually incurs in connection with the performance of Executives duties and responsibilities under this Agreement in accordance with Orions expense reimbursement policies and procedures for its senior executives, subject
to Orions reasonable requirements with respect to reporting and documentation of such expenses 

(j) Other Perquisites.
Executive shall be entitled to receive the other benefits and perquisites set forth in Exhibit A. 

All payments and benefits under this Section 3
shall be subject to payroll tax and other withholdings in accordance with Orions standard payroll practices and applicable law. 

5 

4. Termination of Employment. A Termination Date shall occur as follows: 

(a) Executives employment will terminate upon Executives death. 

(b) If Executive suffers a Disability, and if within thirty (30) days after Orion notifies Executive in writing that it intends to
terminate Executives employment because of such Disability, then Executive shall not have returned to the performance of Executives duties hereunder on a full-time basis, then Orion may terminate Executives employment, effective
immediately following the end of such thirty (30)-day period. 

(c) Orion may terminate
Executives employment with or without Cause (other than as a result of Disability by providing written notice to Executive of such termination, provided however, if Orion terminates Executives employment for Cause, then such
written notice shall indicate in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances alleged to provide a basis for such termination for Cause. If the termination is without Cause, Executives employment will terminate on the date specified in the
written notice of termination. If the termination is for Cause, the Executive shall have thirty (30) days from the date the written notice is provided, or such longer period as Orion may determine to be appropriate, to cure any conduct or act,
if curable (as determined by Orion), alleged to provide grounds for termination of Executives employment for Cause. If the alleged conduct or act constituting Cause is not curable (as determined by Orion), Executives employment will
terminate on the date specified in the written notice of termination. If the alleged conduct or act constituting Cause is curable (as determined by Orion), but Executive does not cure such conduct or act within the specified time period,
Executives employment will terminate on the date immediately following the end of the cure period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a determination of Cause shall only be made in good faith by Orion, and after a Change of Control, Orions
successor, which may terminate Executive for Cause only after providing Executive (i) written notice as set forth above, (ii) the opportunity to appear before the Board and provide rebuttal to such proposed termination, and
(iii) written notice following such appearance confirming such termination. Unless otherwise directed by Orion, from and after the date of the written notice of proposed termination, Executive shall be relieved of her duties and
responsibilities and shall be considered to be on a paid leave of absence pending any final action by Orion or the successor confirming such proposed termination. 

(d) Executive may terminate her employment with or without Good Reason by providing written notice of termination to Orion that indicates in
reasonable detail the facts and circumstances alleged to provide a basis for such termination. If Executive is alleging a termination for Good Reason, Executive must provide written notice to Orion of the existence of the condition constituting Good
Reason within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of such condition, and Orion must have a period of at least thirty (30) days following receipt of such notice to cure such condition. If such condition is not cured by Orion within
such thirty (30)-day period, Executives termination of employment from Orion shall be effective on the date immediately following the end of such cure period. 

5. Payments upon Termination. 

(a)
Entitlement to Severance.Subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to the Accrued Benefits, and to the Severance Payment described in subsection (c), in either of the following
circumstances while this Agreement is in effect: 

(i) Executives employment is terminated by Orion without Cause, except in the case
of death or Disability; or 

(ii) Executive terminates her employment with Orion for Good Reason. 

If Executive dies after receiving a notice by Orion that Executive is being terminated without Cause, or after providing notice of termination
for Good Reason, the Executives estate, heirs and beneficiaries shall be entitled to the Accrued Benefits and the Severance Payment described in subsection (c) at the same time such amounts would have been paid or benefits provided to
Executive had she lived. 

(b) General Release Requirement.Executive will not be eligible to receive any payments or benefits
under Section 5(c) until (i) Executive executes a general release of all claims arising out of her employment with, and termination of employment from, Orion in the form proscribed by and acceptable to Orion (General Release)
within forty-five days of her termination; and (ii) the seven-day revocation period specified in such General Release expires without such Executive exercising her right of revocation as set forth in the
General Release. 

6 

(c) Severance Payment; Timing and Form of Severance Payment. Subject to
Section 5(b) and the limitations imposed by Section 6, in lieu of any severance pay or benefits under any Orion severance pay plans, programs or policies, if Executive is entitled to severance benefits, then: 

(i) Orion shall pay Executive the Severance Payment (plus an amount equal to the Executives annual target cash bonus opportunity as
established by the Board for the fiscal year in which Separation from Service occurs, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days that have elapsed in the fiscal year to the date of Separation from Service and the
denominator is 365) on a ratable basis each month over the eighteen (18)-month period following the Termination Date (any amounts otherwise due during the period described in Section 5(b) above prior to the General Release becoming effective,
shall be accumulated and paid on the date on which the General Release is no longer revocable and if such period begins in one calendar year and ends in the second, such amounts shall not be paid prior to the first day of the second calendar year);

(ii) Executive shall be entitled to receive premiums from Orion for the COBRA continuation coverage for the length of such coverage at the
same rate as is being charged to active employees for similar coverage; and 

(iii) The vesting of Executives then unvested time-based
equity awards from the Company at the date of the Executives Separation from Service shall be automatically accelerated and such unvested time-based equity awards shall be deemed to be fully vested as of the date of Executives Separation
from Service, but only to the extent such equity awards would have otherwise vested within the twenty-four (24)-month period from the date of Executives Separation of Service if the Executive had continued in the employment of the Company
through said vesting date(s). 

All Severance Payments and other payments and benefits under this Section 5 shall be subject to payroll
taxes and other withholdings in accordance with Orions standard payroll practices and applicable law. 

(d) Other Termination of
Employment. If Executives employment terminates for any reason other than those described in subsection (a), Executive (or Executives estate in the event of her death), shall be entitled to receive only the Accrued Benefits.
Executive must be terminated for Cause pursuant to and in accordance with Section 4(c) of this Agreement in order for the consequences of such a Cause termination to apply to Executive under any equity award agreement with Orion to which
Executive is then a party. Orions obligations under this Section 5 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

6. Limitations on
Severance Payments and Benefits.Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any portion of the Severance Payment or any other payment under this Agreement, or under any other agreement with or plan of Orion (in the
aggregate Total Payments), would constitute an excess parachute payment, then the Total Payments to be made to Executive shall be reduced such that the value of the aggregate Total Payments that Executive is entitled to
receive shall be One Dollar ($1) less than the maximum amount which Executive may receive without becoming subject to the tax imposed by Code Section 4999 or which Orion may pay without loss of deduction under Code Section 280G(a);
provided that the foregoing reduction in the amount of Total Payments shall not apply if the After-Tax Value to Executive of the Total Payments prior to reduction in accordance herewith is greater than
the After-Tax Value to Executive of the Total Payments are reduced in accordance herewith. For purposes of this Agreement, the terms excess parachute payment and parachute payments
shall have the meanings assigned to them in Code Section 280G, and such parachute payments shall be valued as provided therein. 

Within
twenty (20) business days following delivery of the notice of termination or notice by Orion to Executive of its belief that there is a payment or benefit due Executive that will result in an excess parachute payment as defined in Code
Section 280G, Executive and Orion, at Orions expense, shall obtain the opinion (which need not be unqualified) of nationally recognized tax counsel selected by Orions independent auditors and acceptable to Executive in
Executives sole discretion, which opinion sets forth: (A) the amount of the Executives annualized includible compensation for the base period as defined in Code Section 280G(d)(1), (B) the amount and present value
of Total Payments, (C) the amount and present value of any excess parachute payments without regard to the limitations of this Section 6, (D) the After-Tax Value of the Total Payments if the
reduction in Total Payments contemplated under this Section 6 did not apply, and (E) the After-Tax Value of the Total Payments taking into account the reduction in Total Payments contemplated under
this Section 6. For purposes of determining the After-

7 

Tax Value of Total Payments, (I) Executive shall be deemed to pay federal income taxes and employment taxes at the highest marginal rate of federal income and employment taxation in
the calendar year in which the Severance Payment is to be made and state and local income taxes at the highest marginal rates of taxation in the state and locality of Executives domicile for income tax purposes on the date the Severance
Payment is to be made, net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes that may be obtained from deduction of such state and local taxes, and (II) a reasonable compensation analysis and valuation will be performed, to the extent it would
increase the Executives After-Tax Value of Total Payments, of the value of the Executives restrictive covenants under Section 8 hereof (and any other restrictive covenants applicable to the
Executive). Such opinion shall be dated as of the Termination Date and addressed to Orion and Executive and shall be binding upon Orion and Executive and upon which Orion and Executive may fully rely. If such opinion determines that there would be
an excess parachute payment and that the After-Tax Value of the Total Payments taking into account the reduction contemplated under this Section is greater than the
After-Tax Value of the Total Payments if the reduction in Total Payments contemplated under this Section did not apply, then the Severance Payment hereunder or any other payment determined by such counsel to
be includible in Total Payments shall be reduced or eliminated as specified by Executive in writing delivered to Orion within five (5) business days of Executives receipt of such opinion or, if Executive fails to so notify Orion, then as
Orion shall reasonably determine, so that under the bases of calculations set forth in such opinion there will be no excess parachute payment (provided, however, to the extent required by Section 409A, the reduction of such payments shall occur
in reverse chronological order of the date of such payment would otherwise be made such the reduction will first be made from the latest payments to occur). If such legal counsel so requests in connection with the opinion required by this Section,
Executive and Orion shall obtain, at Orions expense, and the legal counsel may rely on in providing the opinion, the advice of a firm of recognized executive compensation consultants as to the reasonableness of any item of compensation to be
received by Executive. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 6, including the calculations, notices and opinions provided for herein, shall be based upon the conclusive presumption that the following are reasonable:
(1) the compensation and benefits provided for in Section 3 and (2) any other compensation, including but not limited to the Accrued Benefits earned prior to the date of Executives Separation from Service by the Executive
pursuant to the Companys compensation programs if such payments would have been made in the future in any event, even though the timing of such payment is triggered by the Change of Control or the Executives Separation from Service. 

7. Covenants by Executive. 

(a)
Nondisclosure of Third Party Confidential Information. During Executives employment with Orion and after the Termination Date, Executive shall not use or disclose Third Party Confidential Information for as long as the relevant third
party has required Orion to maintain its confidentiality, or for so long as required by applicable law, whichever period is longer. This prohibition does not prohibit Executives use of general skills and
know-how acquired during and prior to employment by Orion, as long as such use does not involve the use or disclosure of Third Party Confidential Information. This prohibition also does not prohibit the
description by Executive of Executives employment history and duties, for work search or other purposes, as long as such use does not involve the use or disclosure of Third Party Confidential Information. 

(b) Nondisclosure of Trade Secrets. During Executives employment with Orion and after the Termination Date, Executive shall not
use or disclose Orions Trade Secrets so long as they remain Trade Secrets. Nothing in this Agreement shall limit either Executives statutory and other duties not to use or disclose Orions Trade Secrets, or Orions remedies in
the event Executive uses or discloses Orions Trade Secrets. 

(c) Obligations Not to Disclose or Use Confidential Information.
Except as set forth herein or as expressly authorized in writing on behalf of Orion, Executive agrees that while Executive is employed by Orion and during the two (2)-year period commencing at the Termination Date, Executive will not use or disclose
(except in discharging Executives job duties with Orion) any Confidential Information, whether such Confidential Information is in Executives memory or it is set forth electronically, in writing or other form. This prohibition does not
prohibit Executives disclosure of information after it ceases to meet the definition of Confidential Information, or Executives use of general skills and know-how acquired during and
prior to employment by Orion, so long as such use does not involve the use or disclosure of Confidential Information; nor does this prohibition restrict Executive from providing prospective employers with an employment history or description of
Executives duties with Orion, so long as 

8 

Executive does not use or disclose Confidential Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Executive learns information in the course of employment with Orion which is subject to a law
governing confidentiality or non-disclosure, Executive shall keep such information confidential for so long as required by law, or for two (2) years after the Termination Date, whichever period is longer.

(d) Return of Property; No Copying or Transfer of Documents. All equipment, books, records, papers, notes, catalogs, compilations
of information, data bases, correspondence, recordings, stored data (including data or files that exist on any personal computer or other electronic storage device), software, and any physical items, including copies and duplicates, that Executive
generates or develops or which come into Executives possession or control, which relate directly or indirectly to, or are a part of Orions (or its customers) business matters, whether of a public nature or not, shall be and remain
the property of Orion, and Executive shall deliver all such materials and items, and any and all copies of them, to Orion on the Termination Date. During employment or after the Termination Date, Executive will not copy, duplicate, or otherwise
reproduce, or permit copying, duplicating, or reproduction of Orion documents or writings, whether stored on paper, magnetic tape, CD, electronically, or otherwise, including but not limited to notes, notebooks, letters, blueprints, manuals,
drawings, sketches, specifications, formulas, financial documents, business plans, and the like, or any other documentation owned or originated by Orion and relating to Orions business which, from time to time, may have come into
Executives possession, custody, or control as a result of or in the course of Executives employment with Orion, without the express written consent of Orion, or, as a part of Executives duties performed hereunder for the benefit of
Orion. Executive expressly covenants and warrants, upon the Termination Date for any reason (or no reason), that Executive shall promptly deliver to Orion any and all originals and copies in Executives possession, custody, or control of any
and all said property, documents or writings, and that Executive shall not make, retain, or transfer to any third party any copies thereof. In the event any Confidential Information or Trade Secrets are stored or otherwise kept in or on a computer
hard drive or other storage device owned by or otherwise in the possession or control of Executive (collectively, Executive Storage Device), upon the Termination Date, Executive will present to Orion for inspection and removal of all
information regarding Orion (including but not limited to Confidential Information or Trade Secrets) stored on any Executive Storage Device. 

(e) Duty of Loyalty. During Executives employment with Orion, Executive shall owe Orion an undivided duty of loyalty, and shall
take no action adverse to that duty of loyalty. Executives duty of loyalty to Orion includes but is not limited to a duty to promptly disclose to Orion any information that might cause Orion to take or refrain from taking any action, or which
otherwise might cause Orion to alter its behavior. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Executive shall promptly notify Orion at any time that Executive decides to terminate employment with Orion or enter into competition with Orion, as
Orion may decide at such time to limit, suspend, or terminate Executives employment or access to Orions Confidential Information, Trade Secrets, or customer relationships. 

(f) Limited Restriction on Sales to a Restricted Customer. For twenty-four (24) months following the Termination Date, for whatever
reason, Executive shall not sell or solicit the sale of a Competing Product to a Restricted Customer and Executive shall not perform Services as part of or in support of providing, selling or soliciting the sale of a Competing Product to a
Restricted Customer. 

(g) Limited Restriction on Sales to a Strategic Customer. For twenty-four (24) months following the
Termination Date, for whatever reason, Executive shall not sell or solicit the sale of a Competing Product to a Strategic Customer and Executive shall not perform Services as part of or in support of providing, selling or soliciting the sale of a
Competing Product to a Strategic Customer. 

(h) Limited Restriction on Sales in the Restricted Territory For twenty-four
(24) months following the Termination Date, for whatever reason, Executive shall not perform Services as part of or in support of the business of selling, soliciting the sale of or providing Competing Products in the Restricted Territory. 

(i) Limited Restriction on Design, Development, Production and Testing Activities in the Restricted Territory. For twenty-four
(24) months following the Termination Date, for whatever reason, Executive shall not perform Services as part of or in support of the business of designing, testing, developing or producing Competing Products for sale in the Restricted
Territory. 

(j) Non-solicitation of Key Employees. For twenty-four (24) months
following the Termination Date, for whatever reason, Executive shall not, without the prior written consent of Orion, solicit a Key Employee to engage in competition with Orion, unless such Key Employee has already ceased employment with Orion. This
shall not bar any Key Employee from applying for or accepting employment with any person or entity. 

9 

(k) Disclosure and Assignment to Orion of Inventions and Innovations. 

(i) Executive agrees to disclose and assign to Orion as Orions exclusive property, all inventions and technical or business innovations,
including but not limited to all patentable and copyrightable subject matter (collectively, the Innovations) developed, authored or conceived by Executive solely or jointly with others during the period of Executives employment,
including during Executives service on the Board prior to the date of this Agreement, (1) that are along the lines of the business, work or investigations of Orion to which Executives employment relates or as to which Executive may
receive information due to Executives employment with Orion, or (2) that result from or are suggested by any work which Executive may do for Orion or (3) that are otherwise made through the use of Orion time, facilities or materials.
To the extent any of the Innovations is copyrightable, each such Innovation shall be considered a work for hire. 

(ii)
Executive agrees to execute all necessary papers and otherwise provide proper assistance (at Orions expense), during and subsequent to Executives employment, to enable Orion to obtain for itself or its nominees, all right, title, and
interest in and to patents, copyrights, trademarks or other legal protection for such Innovations in any and all countries. 

(iii)
Executive agrees to make and maintain for Orion adequate and current written records of all such Innovations; 

(iv) Upon the Termination
Date, Executive agrees to deliver to Orion promptly all items which belong to Orion or which by their nature are for the use of Orion employees only, including, without limitation, all written and other materials which are of a secret or
confidential nature relating to the business of Orion. 

(v) In the event Orion is unable for any reason whatsoever to secure
Executives signature to any lawful and necessary documents required, including those necessary for the assignment of, application for, or prosecution of any United States or foreign application for letters patent or copyright for any
Innovation, Executive hereby irrevocably designates and appoints Orion and its duly authorized officers and agents as Executives agent and attorney-in-fact, to act
for and in Executives behalf and stead to execute and file any such applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the assignment, prosecution, and issuance of letters patent or registration of copyright thereon with the
same legal force and effect as if executed by Executive. Executive hereby waives and quitclaims to Orion any and all claims, of any nature whatsoever, which Executive may now have or may hereafter have for infringement of any patent or copyright
resulting from any such application. 

(l) Remedies Not Exclusive. In the event that Executive breaches any terms of this
Section 7, Executive acknowledges and agrees that said breach may result in the immediate and irreparable harm to the business and goodwill of Orion and that damages, if any, and remedies of law for such breach may be inadequate and
indeterminable. Orion, upon Executives breach of this Section 7, shall therefore be entitled (in addition to and without limiting any other remedies that Orion may seek under this Agreement or otherwise at law or in equity) to
(1) seek from any court of competent jurisdiction equitable relief by way of temporary or permanent injunction and without being required to post a bond, to restrain any violation of this Section 7, and for such further relief as the court
may deem just or proper in law or equity, and (2) in the event that Orion shall prevail, its reasonable attorneys fees and costs and other expenses in enforcing its rights under this Section 7. 

(m) Severability of Provisions. If any restriction, limitation, or provision of this Section 7 is deemed to be unreasonable,
onerous, or unduly restrictive by a court of competent jurisdiction, it shall not be stricken in its entirety and held totally void and unenforceable, but shall remain effective to the maximum extent possible within the bounds of the law. If any
phrase, clause or provision of this Section 7 is declared invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such phrase, clause, or provision shall be deemed severed from this Section 7, but will not affect any other provision
of this Section 7, which shall otherwise remain in full force and effect. The provisions of this Section 7 are each declared to be separate and distinct covenants by Executive. 

10 

(n) Limits on Confidentiality Requirements.

(i) Nothing in this Agreement is intended to discourage or restrict Executive from communicating with, or making a report with, any
governmental authority regarding a good faith belief of any violations of law or regulations based on information that the Executive acquired through lawful means in the course of Executives employment, including such disclosures protected or
required by any whistleblower law or regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Department of Labor, or any other appropriate governmental authority. 

(ii) Nothing in this Agreement is intended to discourage or restrict Executive from reporting any theft of Trade Secrets pursuant to the Defend
Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (the DTSA) or other applicable state or federal law. The DTSA prohibits retaliation against an employee because of whistleblower activity in connection with the disclosure of Trade Secrets, so long as any such
disclosure is made either (i) in confidence to an attorney or a federal, state, or local government official and solely to report or investigate a suspected violation of the law, or (ii) under seal in a complaint or other document filed in
a lawsuit or other proceeding. 

(iii) If Executive believes that any employee or any third party has misappropriated or improperly used or
disclosed Trade Secrets or Confidential Information, Executive should report such activity through the Companys Whistle Blower Policy (as provided in the Employee Handbook and/or any other then applicable policies and procedures of the
Company) or Compliance Hotline. This Agreement is in addition to and not in lieu of any obligations to protect the Companys Trade Secrets and Confidential Information pursuant to the Employee Handbook and/or any other then applicable policies
and procedures of the Company and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Directors and Employees. Nothing in this Agreement shall limit, curtail or diminish the Companys statutory rights under the DTSA, any applicable state law regarding
trade secrets or common law. 

8. Notice. Any notice, request, demand or other communication required or permitted herein will be deemed to
be properly given when personally served in writing or when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to Executive at the address on file at the Company and to Orion to the attention of the Board Chair of Orion (with a copy to
Foley & Lardner, LLP, 777 E. Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202 Attn: Steven R. Barth). Either party may change its address by written notice in accordance with this paragraph. 

9. Set Off; Mitigation. Orions obligation to pay Executive any amounts and to provide any of the benefits hereunder shall be subject to set-off, counterclaim or recoupment of amounts owed by Executive to Orion provided, that notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in no event shall any payment under this Agreement that
constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation for purposes of Code Section 409A be subject to the offset by any other amount unless otherwise permitted by Code Section 409A. However, Executive shall not be required to mitigate
the amount of any payment pursuant to this Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise. For the avoidance of doubt, payments with respect to Executives employment with anyone other than Orion shall not reduce the amount of any payment
to Executive pursuant to this Agreement. 

10. Benefit of Agreement. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the
parties hereto and their respective executors, administrators, successors and assigns. Orion will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or
assets of Orion to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that Orion would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, Orion shall
mean Orion as hereinbefore defined and any successor to its business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise. 

11. Arbitration. Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach of this Agreement that cannot be mutually
resolved by Executive and Orion, including any dispute as to the calculation of the Executives Accrued Benefits, Base Salary, bonus amount or any Severance Payment hereunder, shall be submitted to arbitration in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, in
accordance with the procedures of the American Arbitration Association. The determination of the arbitrator shall be conclusive and binding on Orion and Executive, and judgment may be entered on the arbitrators award in any court having
jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, both Executive and Orion may seek to obtain injunctive relief in a Wisconsin court of competent jurisdiction pending arbitration. 

11 

12. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction. This Agreement is to be governed by and construed under
the laws of the United States and of the State of Wisconsin without resort to Wisconsins choice of law rules. Each party hereby agrees that the forum and venue for any legal or equitable action or proceeding arising out of, or in connection
with, this Agreement will lie in the appropriate federal or state courts in the State of Wisconsin and specifically waives any and all objections to such jurisdiction and venue. 

13. Section 409A Compliance. This Agreement is intended to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from,
Section 409A of the Code (Section 409A). Orion shall undertake to administer, interpret, and construe this Agreement in a manner that does not result in the imposition to Executive of additional taxes or interest under
Section 409A of the Code. If a payment obligation under this Agreement arises on account of Executives Separation from Service while Executive is a specified employee (as defined under Section 409A of the Code and
determined in good faith by the Board), any payment of deferred compensation (as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(1), after giving effect to the exemptions in Treasury
Regulation Sections 1.409A-1(b)(3) through (b)(12)) that is scheduled to be paid within six (6) months after such Separation from Service shall accrue without interest and shall be paid within fifteen
(15) days after the end of the six-month period beginning on the date of such separation from service or, if earlier, within fifteen (15) days after the appointment of the personal representative or
executor of Executives estate following her death. 

14. Captions and Paragraph Headings. Captions and paragraph headings used herein
are for convenience only and are not a part of this Agreement and will not be used in construing it. 

15. Invalid Provisions. Subject to
Section 7(m), should any provision of this Agreement for any reason be declared invalid, void, or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the validity and binding effect of any remaining portion will not be affected, and the
remaining portions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect as if this Agreement had been executed with said provision eliminated. 

16.
No Waiver. The failure of a party to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Agreement on any occasion shall not be considered a waiver of such partys rights or deprive such party of the right thereafter to insist upon
strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Agreement. 

17. Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement of
the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes any and all other agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties hereto with respect to the employment of Executive by Orion. Each party to this Agreement
acknowledges that no representations, inducements, promises, or agreements, oral or otherwise, have been made by any party, or anyone acting on behalf of any party, which are not embodied herein, and that no other agreement, statement, or promise
not contained in this Agreement will be valid or binding. 

18. Modification. This Agreement may not be modified or amended by oral
agreement, but only by an agreement in writing signed by Orion and Executive. 

19. Counterparts; Delivery. This Agreement may be signed in
counterparts (including by DocuSign or PDF), each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. Legal delivery of this Agreement may be effected by any electronic means.

[Signature page Follows] 

12 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement effective as of the Effective Date. 

EXECUTIVE 

/s/ Sally A. Washlow

Sally A. Washlow

ORION ENERGY SYSTEMS, INC.

By: /s/ Anthony L. Otten

Anthony L. Otten

Board Chair

[Signature Page] 

EXHIBIT A 

Benefits and Perquisites* 

* 

Note: The listed benefits and perquisites are in addition to those generally made available to all other senior
executives of Orion under Orions employee benefit plans (other than annual and long-term incentive plans, which are addressed in Section 3 of the Agreement) as in effect from time to time. Executive is entitled to participate in such
benefit plans on the same basis as those benefits are generally made available to other senior executives of Orion. Currently, such company-wide benefits include: (i) 401(k) Plan; (ii) group short term disability insurance; and (iii) group
health and prescription drug insurance. 

Benefit 

Amount

1. Term Life Insurance $1,000,000 (face value)

2. Health Care Coverage Continuity To ensure continued health care coverage continuity for Executive and her family upon Executives transition from her current employment to her new position with Orion, the Company will reimburse Executive for her COBRA premium
payments to maintain her current health care coverage with her current employer until Executive and her family can fully transition to Orions health care coverage.

3. Health/Prescription Drug Reimbursement Reimbursed by Company Per Current Practice

4. Group Long Term Disability Insurance Reimbursed by Company Per Current Practice

5. Automobile Allowance $1,000 per month, plus mileage from your home to Companys Manitowoc headquarters will be a reimbursable business expense at the then current IRS standard mileage reimbursement rate.

6. Tax Preparation Fee Reimbursement Reimbursed by Company Per Current Practice

7. Annual Executive Physical Reimbursement Reimbursed by Company

8. Travel and Temporary Living Expenses Reimbursement by Company for all travel, lodging and meal expenses for travel to, and working at, Company offices or in connection with Company business, including all temporary living expenses

9. Legal Fee Reimbursement Reimbursement by Company for Executives legal fees incurred in connection with this Agreement

A-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d857627dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

LED Lighting and EV Charging Solutions Provider Orion 

Appoints Board Member Sally Washlow as CEO; 

Confirms FY25 Revenue Guidance 

Manitowoc, WI April 14, 2025Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (Nasdaq: OESX) (Orion Lighting), a provider of
energy-efficient LED lighting, electric vehicle (EV) charging stations and maintenance services solutions, today announced that Orions Board of Directors has appointed Orion Board member Sally A. Washlow as the Companys Chief Executive
Officer, replacing Michael H. Jenkins, who is leaving the company. 

Additionally, the Board promoted Orion EVP and President of Orion Services Group,
Scott Green, to the role of Chief Operating Officer. Orion also announced that it expects revenue near the midpoint of its $77M - $83M revenue outlook range for fiscal year ending March 31, 2025. 

Anthony Otten, Orions Board Chair, commented, We thank Mike for his leadership and many contributions to our Company the past two and half years.
However, our Board believes that new leadership is necessary to better focus the Company on executing Orions revenue growth and cost containment initiatives and returning Orion to consistent profitability. We believe Sally has the right skill
set, experience and public company knowledge to lead Orion to achieve those objectives and to return our stock price to an acceptable level. 

Ms. Washlow, who joined Orions Board in 2022, is an accomplished executive leader with over 25 years of experience driving business growth,
operational excellence, and financial success. With a proven track record of leadership across multiple industries, she has demonstrated expertise in strategic planning, operational transformation, and sales and marketing leadership. 

Ms. Washlow said, There is more work to be done, but I firmly believe Orions future is bright, with long-standing, strong positions in our
complementary LED lighting, EV charging station and electrical maintenance businesses. We have a solid foundation upon which to drive revenue growth, enhance profitability, and become a positive cash flow generating company. 

Mr. Green has nearly thirty years of lighting industry experience. He joined Orion in 2013 with the acquisition of Harris Lighting where he served in
senior leadership roles. As COO, Mr. Green will be primarily responsible for Orions sales and project management functions. 

Ms. Washlow
previously served as President of Nasdaq-traded Cobra Electronics and was named CEO following its transition to private equity ownership as Cedar Electronics, with total revenue over $200M. There she successfully led the company through a strategic
transaction and the integration of the Cobra and Escort electronics businesses. 

Earlier in her career, Ms. Washlow held leadership roles at Motorola
and LG Electronics, where she gained extensive experience in supply chain management, product marketing, and sales. Most recently, she has served as a Practice Leader for LHHs International Center for Executive Options, a boutique provider of
executive advisory services. She has served on a variety of public and private boards and currently serves on the board of Data IO and Northbrook Bank & Trust a subsidiary of Wintrust Financial. Ms. Washlow earned a BA in Supply Chain
Management from Michigan State University and a Master of Business Administration in Marketing from DePaul University. 

About Orion Energy Systems
(www.orionlighting.com) 

Orion provides energy efficiency and clean tech solutions, including LED lighting and controls, electrical vehicle (EV)
charging solutions, and maintenance services. Orion specializes in turnkey design-through-installation solutions for large national customers as well as projects through ESCO and distribution partners, with a commitment to helping customers achieve
their business and environmental goals with healthy, safe and sustainable solutions that reduce their carbon footprint and enhance business performance. 

Orion is committed to operating responsibly throughout all areas of our organization. Learn more about our
Sustainability and Governance priorities, goals and progress here or visit our website at www.orionlighting.com. 

Safe Harbor Statement 

Certain matters discussed in this press release, are forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established
by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements may generally be identified as such because the context of such statements will include words such as anticipate, believe,
could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, will, would or words of
similar import. Similarly, statements that describe our future plans, objectives or goals, including business relationships with government customers, are also forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks
and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from those expected including, but not limited to, the risks described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Shareholders, potential investors and other readers are urged to consider risks and uncertainties carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements and
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements made herein are made only as of the date of this press release and we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available at
http://www.sec.gov or at http://investor.oriones.com/ in the Investor Relations section of our Website. Except as required by applicable law, we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements publicly or to update the
reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. 

Twitter: @OrionLighting and @OrionLightingIR

StockTwits: @Orion_LED_IR

Orion Energy Systems,
Inc. 

Investor Relations Contacts 

Anthony Otten, Board Chair William Jones; David Collins

Orion Energy Systems, Inc. Catalyst IR

alotten@stillwatergrp.com (212) 924-9800 or OESX@catalyst-ir.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>oesx-20250414.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>oesx-20250414_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>oesx-20250414_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g857627g0414074801808.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001409375

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 14, 2025

Entity Registrant Name ORION ENERGY SYSTEMS, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code WI

Entity File Number 01-33887

Entity Tax Identification Number 39-1847269

Entity Address, Address Line One 2210 Woodland Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Manitowoc

Entity Address, State or Province WI

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 54220

City Area Code (920)

Local Phone Number 892-9340

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common stock, no par value

Trading Symbol OESX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.orionlighting.com//20250414/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d857627d8k.htm 
oesx-20250414.xsd 
oesx-20250414_lab.xml 
oesx-20250414_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-079760-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d857627d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001409375 

2025-04-14 
2025-04-14 

false 
0001409375 
8-K 
2025-04-14 
ORION ENERGY SYSTEMS, INC. 
WI 
01-33887 
39-1847269 
2210 Woodland Drive 
Manitowoc 
WI 
54220 
(920) 
892-9340 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, no par value 
OESX 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>