<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-008752.txt : 20250228
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-008752.hdr.sgml : 20250228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250228172729
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-008752
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250227
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IMAC Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001729944
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-SPECIALTY OUTPATIENT FACILITIES, NEC [8093]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				473579961
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38797
		FILM NUMBER:		25692390

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3401 MALLORY LANE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			FRANKLIN
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37067
		BUSINESS PHONE:		844-266-4622

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3401 MALLORY LANE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			FRANKLIN
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37067

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IMAC HOLDINGS LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180131
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000172994400017299442025-02-272025-02-27iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 27, 2025

IMAC
Holdings, Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-38797 83-0784691

(State
or other jurisdiction of

incorporation
or organization) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
Number)

3401
Mallory Lane, Suite 100

Franklin,
Tennessee 37067

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (844)266-4622

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.001 per share BACK Nasdaq
Capital Market

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry
into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
February 27, 2025, IMAC Holdings, Inc. (the Company) entered into a First Amendment, dated as of February 27, 2025, to
those certain Promissory Notes issued to certain lenders (the Lenders) on February 14, 2025 in the aggregate principal
amount of $110,000, (the Promissory Notes). The First Amendment to the Promissory Notes (First Amendment)
amends the Promissory Notes to (i) increase the principal amount of promissory notes issued by the Company with which the Promissory
Notes rank pari passu to reflect the issuance of the Notes (as defined below) and to (ii) increase the amount of additional promissory
notes that are authorized to be issued pari passu with the Promissory Notes to $280,000.

The
foregoing description of the First Amendment is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the First
Amendment, a copy of the form of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein
by reference.

The
information provided in Item 2.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01.

Item
2.03 Creation
of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

On
February 27, 2025, the Company issued promissory notes (the Notes) to Keystone Capital Partners, LLC (the Lender)
in the aggregate principal amount of $70,000, for an aggregate purchase price from the Lender of $50,000.

The
Notes are unsecured and mature on the earlier of (i) November 14, 2025, and (ii) the initial time of consummation by the Company after
the date hereof of any public or private offering(s), individually or in the aggregate, of securities with gross proceeds of at least
$1 million.

The
Notes include customary representations, warranties and covenants and sets forth certain events of default after which the outstanding
principal may be declared immediately due and payable, including certain types of bankruptcy or insolvency events of default involving
the Company.

The
foregoing description of the Notes is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Notes, a copy
of the form of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 4.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
9.01. Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

4.1 Form of Promissory Note dated February 27, 2025.

10.1 Form of First Amendment, dated February 27, 2025.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated:
February 28, 2025

IMAC
HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/
Faith Zaslavsky

Name: Faith
Zaslavsky

Title: Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

THE
ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.
THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR
THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY),
IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE
SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THIS NOTE MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA
FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. ANY TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE SHOULD CAREFULLY REVIEW
THE TERMS OF THIS NOTE, INCLUDING SECTION 9(a) HEREOF.

THIS
NOTE HAS BEEN ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT (OID). PURSUANT TO TREASURY REGULATION 1.1275-3(b)(1), A REPRESENTATIVE
OF THE COMPANY HEREOF WILL, BEGINNING TEN DAYS AFTER THE ISSUANCE DATE OF THIS NOTE, PROMPTLY MAKE AVAILABLE TO THE HOLDER UPON REQUEST
THE INFORMATION DESCRIBED IN TREASURY REGULATION 1.1275-3(b)(1)(i). SUCH REPRESENTATIVE MAY BE REACHED AT TELEPHONE NUMBER (844)
266-4622.

IMAC
Holdings, Inc.

Senior
Note

Issuance
Date: February [__], 2025 

Original
Principal Amount: U.S. $[__]

Purchase
Price: $[__]

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, IMAC Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby promises to pay to the order
of [BUYER] or its registered assigns (Holder) the amount set forth above as the Original Principal Amount (the Principal)
when due, whether upon the Maturity Date (as defined below), or upon acceleration or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms
hereof). All cash payments on this Senior Note (this Note) when due and payable hereunder, shall be made by check
or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined by the Company to such account as the Holder may from time
to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this Note. Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined
in Section 21.

1. PAYMENTS
OF PRINCIPAL. On the Maturity Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing all outstanding Principal
and any other amounts payable hereunder. The Company may prepay any portion of the outstanding Principal at any time without penalty.

2. INTEREST.
No interest shall accrue on the unpaid Principal balance of this Note.

3. EVENTS
OF DEFAULT. If any of the following shall occur (each an Event of Default):

(a) the
Company fails to pay, when due, all or any part of any Principal or other payment required to be made hereunder;

(b) bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against
the Company or any Subsidiary and, if instituted against the Company or any Subsidiary by a third party, shall not be dismissed within
thirty (30) days of their initiation;

(c) the
commencement by the Company or any Subsidiary of a voluntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or of any other case or proceeding to be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, or the
consent by it to the entry of a decree, order, judgment or other similar document in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary in an involuntary
case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or to the
commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency case or proceeding against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking
reorganization or relief under any applicable federal, state or foreign law, or the consent by it to the filing of such petition or to
the appointment of or taking possession by a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official
of the Company or any Subsidiary or of any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of an assignment for the benefit of
creditors, or the execution of a composition of debts, or the occurrence of any other similar federal, state or foreign proceeding, or
the admission by it in writing of its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, the taking of corporate action by the
Company or any Subsidiary in furtherance of any such action or the taking of any action by any Person to commence a Uniform Commercial
Code foreclosure sale or any other similar action under federal, state or foreign law;

(d) the
entry by a court of (i) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary of a voluntary
or involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar
law or (ii) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document adjudging the Company or any Subsidiary as bankrupt or insolvent, or
approving as properly filed a petition seeking liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in respect of
the Company or any Subsidiary under any applicable federal, state or foreign law or (iii) a decree, order, judgment or other similar
document appointing a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Company or any
Subsidiary or of any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance
of any such decree, order, judgment or other similar document or any such other decree, order, judgment or other similar document unstayed
and in effect for a period of thirty (30) consecutive days;

(e) other
than as specifically set forth in another clause of this Section 3, the Company or any Subsidiary breaches any representation or warranty,
in any material respect (other than representations or warranties subject to material adverse effect or materiality, which may not be
breached in any respect) or any covenant or other term or condition of this Note, except, in the case of a breach of a covenant or other
term or condition that is curable, only if such breach remains uncured for a period of five (5) consecutive Business Days;

then,
the Holder may (i) declare all outstanding Principal hereof and all other sums payable hereunder to be immediately due and payable, whereupon
the sum of (x) the outstanding Principal of this Note and (y) any other amounts outstanding hereunder shall become and shall be forthwith
due and payable, without diligence, presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived,
and (ii) exercise any and all of its other rights under applicable law and/or hereunder.

4. NONCIRCUMVENTION.
The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation and bylaws, in each
case as amended and as in effect on the date hereof, or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme
of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance
of any of the terms of this Note, and will at all times in good faith carry out all of the provisions of this Note and take all action
as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder of this Note.

5. VOTING
RIGHTS. The Holder shall have no voting rights as the holder of this Note, except as required by law and as expressly provided in
this Note.

6. REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY.

The
Company represents and warrants to the Holder that, as of the date hereof:

(a) Organization
and Qualification. The Company is an entity duly organized and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction
in which it is formed, and has the requisite power and authority to own its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted
and as presently proposed to be conducted. The Company is duly qualified as a foreign entity to do business and is in good standing in
every jurisdiction in which its ownership of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary,
except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect (as defined below). Other than as set forth on Exhibit 21.1 filed with the Registration Statement (as defined below), the Company
has no Subsidiaries.

(b) Authorization;
Enforcement; Validity. The Company has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Note
and to issue this Note in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. The execution and delivery of this Note by the Company, and the
consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of this Note) have been
duly authorized by the Companys board of directors or other governing body, as applicable, and (other than the filing with the
SEC of one or more registration statements, a Form D with the SEC and any other filings as may be required by any state securities agencies)
no further filing, consent or authorization is required by the Company, its board of directors or its stockholders or other governing
body. This Note has been duly executed and delivered by the Company, and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of the
Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles
of equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally,
the enforcement of applicable creditors rights and remedies and except as rights to indemnification and to contribution may be
limited by federal or state securities law.

(c) Issuance
of Note. The issuance of this Note is duly authorized and upon issuance in accordance with its terms, this Note shall be validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all preemptive or similar rights, mortgages, defects, claims, liens, pledges, charges,
taxes, rights of first refusal, encumbrances, security interests and other encumbrances (collectively Liens) with
respect to the issuance thereof. The offer and issuance by the Company of this Note is exempt from registration under the 1933 Act.

(d) Registration
Statement. On June 13, 2024, the Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-280184, with the SEC relating to
the issuance and sale by the Company of shares of Common Stock (as defined below), alone or together with other securities of the Company,
(the Registration Statement).

7. COVENANTS.
Until all of this Note has been redeemed or otherwise satisfied in accordance with their terms:

(a) Rank.
All payments due under this Note shall rank (i) pari passu with the promissory notes issued by the Company on February 14, 2025 in the
aggregate principal amount of $110,000 and any additional promissory notes of like tenor up to an additional principal amount of $280,000,
(ii) junior to Permitted Indebtedness and (iii) senior to all other Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(b) Disclosure
of Transaction and Other Material Information. The Company shall, on or before 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on or prior to the
first (1st) Business Day after the date of this Note, file a Current Report on Form 8-K describing the terms of the transactions contemplated
hereby in the form required by the 1934 Act and attaching the form of Note, to the extent they are required to be filed under the 1934
Act, that have not previously been filed with the SEC by the Company as exhibits to such filing (including all attachments, the 8-K
Filing). From and after the filing of the 8-K Filing, the Company shall have disclosed all material, non-public information
(if any) provided up to such time to the Holder by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors,
employees or agents. In addition, effective upon the filing of the 8-K Filing, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality
or similar obligations under this Note or as otherwise disclosed in the 8-K Filing, whether written or oral, between the Company, any
of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, affiliates, employees or agents, on the one hand, and any of the
Holder or any of their affiliates, on the other hand, shall terminate. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its
Subsidiaries and each of its and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents not to, provide the Holder with any material,
non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from and after the date hereof without the express prior written
consent of the Holder (which may be granted or withheld in the Holders sole discretion). To the extent that the Company delivers
any material, non-public information to the Holder without the Holders consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that the
Holder shall not have any duty of confidentiality with respect to, or a duty not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public
information. Neither the Company, its Subsidiaries nor the Holder shall issue any press releases or any other public statements with
respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however, the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the
Holder, to make a press release or other public disclosure with respect to such transactions (i) in substantial conformity with the 8-K
Filing and contemporaneously therewith or (ii) as is required by applicable law and regulations (provided that in the case of clause
(i) the Holder shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release or other public disclosure prior to its release).
Without the prior written consent of the Holder (which may be granted or withheld in the Holders sole discretion), except as required
by applicable law, the Company shall not (and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and affiliates to not) disclose the name of the Holder
in any filing, announcement, release or otherwise (other than in the exhibit of this Agreement attached to the 8-K Filing). Notwithstanding
anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary and without implication that the contrary would otherwise be true, the Company expressly
acknowledges and agrees that the Holder shall not have (unless expressly agreed to by the Holder after the date hereof in a written definitive
and binding agreement executed by the Company and the Holder), any duty of confidentiality with respect to, or a duty not to trade on
the basis of, any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

8. TRANSFER
OR RESALE. The Holder understands that: (i) this Note has not been and is not being registered under the 1933 Act or any state securities
laws, and may not be offered for sale, sold, assigned or transferred unless (A) subsequently registered thereunder, (B) the Holder shall
have delivered to the Company (if requested by the Company) an opinion of counsel, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company, to
the effect that this Note to be sold, assigned or transferred may be sold, assigned or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such
registration, or (C) the Holder provides the Company with an opinion of counsel reasonably acceptable to the Company that this Note can
be sold, assigned or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 or Rule 144A promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule thereto) (collectively,
Rule 144); (ii) any sale of this Note made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with the terms
of Rule 144, and further, if Rule 144 is not applicable, any resale of this Note under circumstances in which the seller (or the Person
through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the 1933 Act) may require compliance with
some other exemption under the 1933 Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder; and (iii) neither the Company
nor any other Person is under any obligation to register this Note under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws or to comply with
the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Note may be pledged in connection with a bona
fide margin account or other loan or financing arrangement secured by this Note and such pledge of this Note shall not be deemed to be
a transfer, sale or assignment of this Note hereunder, and the Holder effecting a pledge of this Note shall not be required to provide
the Company with any notice thereof or otherwise make any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Note, including, without limitation,
this Section 8.

9. REISSUANCE
OF THIS NOTE.

(a) Transfer.
If this Note is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and
deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section 9(d)), registered as the Holder may request, representing
the outstanding Principal being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the entire outstanding Principal is being transferred, a
new Note (in accordance with Section 9(d)) to the Holder representing the outstanding Principal not being transferred. The Holder and
any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, following redemption of any portion of this Note, the outstanding
Principal represented by this Note may be less than the Principal stated on the face of this Note.

(b) Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Note. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction
or mutilation of this Note (as to which a written certification and the indemnification contemplated below shall suffice as such evidence),
and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary and reasonable
form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder
a new Note (in accordance with Section 9(d)) representing the outstanding Principal.

(c) Note
Exchangeable for Different Denominations. This Note is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office
of the Company, for a new Note or Notes (in accordance with Section 9(d) and in principal amounts of at least $1,000) representing in
the aggregate the outstanding Principal of this Note, and each such new Note will represent such portion of such outstanding Principal
as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender.

(d) Issuance
of New Notes. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Note pursuant to the terms of this Note, such new Note (i) shall be
of like tenor with this Note, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Note, the Principal remaining outstanding (or
in the case of a new Note being issued pursuant to Section 9(a) or Section 9(c), the Principal designated by the Holder which, when added
to the principal represented by the other new Notes issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the Principal remaining
outstanding under this Note immediately prior to such issuance of new Notes), (iii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the
face of such new Note, which is the same as the Issuance Date of this Note, (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions as this Note,
and (v) shall only become effective upon the physical surrender to the Company of the Note being exchanged for such new Note.

10. REMEDIES,
CHARACTERIZATIONS, OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. The remedies provided in this Note shall be cumulative and
in addition to all other remedies available under this Note at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other
injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure
by the Company to comply with the terms of this Note. No failure on the part of the Holder to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any
right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise by the Holder of any right,
power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. In addition, the
exercise of any right or remedy of the Holder at law or equity or under this Note or any of the documents shall not be deemed to be an
election of Holders rights or remedies under such documents or at law or equity. The Company covenants to the Holder that there
shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein
with respect to payments, redemptions and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and
shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company
acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for
any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the Holder
shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to specific performance and/or temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctive
or other equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction in any such case without the necessity of proving actual damages and
without posting a bond or other security. The Company shall provide all information and documentation to the Holder that is requested
by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Companys compliance with the terms and conditions of this Note.

11. CONSTRUCTION;
HEADINGS. This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the initial Holder and shall not be construed against
any such Person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect
the interpretation of, this Note. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the
masculine, feminine, neuter, singular and plural forms thereof. The terms including, includes, include
and words of like import shall be construed broadly as if followed by the words without limitation. The terms herein,
hereunder, hereof and words of like import refer to this entire Note instead of just the provision in which
they are found. Unless expressly indicated otherwise, all section references are to sections of this Note.

12. FAILURE
OR INDULGENCE NOT WAIVER. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized
representative of the waiving party.

13. NOTICES;
CURRENCY; PAYMENTS.

(a) Notices.
Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Note must be in writing
and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by electronic mail
(provided that such sent email is kept on file (whether electronically or otherwise) by the sending party and the sending party does
not receive an automatically generated message from the recipients email server that such e-mail could not be delivered to such
recipient); or (iii) one (1) Business Day after deposit with an overnight courier service with next day delivery specified, in each case,
properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The mailing addresses and e-mail addresses for such communications shall be:

If
to the Company:

IMAC
Holdings, Inc.

3401 Mallory Lane

Suite 100

Franklin, Tennessee 37067

Telephone: (844) 266-4622

Attention: Ms. Faith Zaslavsky

Chief Executive Officer

E-Mail: fzaslavsky@igniteproteomics.com

With
a copy (for informational purposes only) to:

Kelley
Drye & Warren LLP

3 World Trade Center

175 Greenwich Street

New York, NY 10007

Telephone: (212) 808-7540

Attention: Carol Weiss Sherman, Esq

Michael A. Adelstein, Esq.

E-mail: CSherman@kelleydrye.com

madelstein@kelleydrye.com

If
to the Holder:

______________________

______________________

______________________

Attention:
______________

E-Mail:
________________

With
a copy (for informational purposes only) to:

______________________

______________________

______________________

Telephone:
_____________

Attention:
______________

E-Mail:
________________

or
to such other mailing address and/or e-mail address and/or to the attention of such other Person as the recipient party has specified
by written notice given to each other party five (5) days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt
(A) given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B) mechanically or electronically generated by the
senders e-mail containing the time, date and recipients e-mail or (C) provided by an overnight courier service shall be
rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by e-mail or receipt from an overnight courier service in accordance with clause (i),
(ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

(b) Currency.
All dollar amounts referred to in this Note are in United States Dollars (U.S. Dollars), and all amounts owing under
this Note shall be paid in U.S. Dollars. All amounts denominated in other currencies (if any) shall be converted into the U.S. Dollar
equivalent amount in accordance with the Exchange Rate on the date of calculation. Exchange Rate means, in relation
to any amount of currency to be converted into U.S. Dollars pursuant to this Note, the U.S. Dollar exchange rate as published in the
Wall Street Journal on the relevant date of calculation (it being understood and agreed that where an amount is calculated with reference
to, or over, a period of time, the date of calculation shall be the final date of such period of time).

(c) Payments.
Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a Business Day, the same shall instead
be due on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day.

14. CANCELLATION.
After all Principal and other amounts at any time owed on this Note has been paid in full, this Note shall automatically be deemed canceled,
shall be surrendered to the Company for cancellation and shall not be reissued.

15. WAIVER
OF NOTICE. To the extent permitted by law, the Company hereby irrevocably waives demand, notice, presentment, protest and all other
demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of this Note.

16. GOVERNING
LAW. This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation
and performance of this Note shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any provision
of law or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions
other than the State of Delaware. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court
for the District of Delaware or in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if such courts lack subject-matter jurisdiction,
in the Superior Court of the State of Delaware), for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any
transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding,
any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in
an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit
in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any
right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Holder from
bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Companys obligations
to the Holder, to realize on any collateral or any other security for such obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling
in favor of the Holder. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR
THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

17. JUDGMENT
CURRENCY.

(a) If
for the purpose of obtaining or enforcing judgment against the Company in any court in any jurisdiction it becomes necessary to convert
into any other currency (such other currency being hereinafter in this Section 17 referred to as the Judgment Currency)
an amount due in U.S. dollars under this Note, the conversion shall be made at the Exchange Rate prevailing on the Business Day immediately
preceding:

(i) the
date actual payment of the amount due, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of Delaware or in the courts of any other jurisdiction
that will give effect to such conversion being made on such date: or

(ii) the
date on which the foreign court determines, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of any other jurisdiction (the date as of which
such conversion is made pursuant to this Section 17(a)(ii) being hereinafter referred to as the Judgment Conversion Date).

(b) If
in the case of any proceeding in the court of any jurisdiction referred to in Section 17(a)(ii) above, there is a change in the Exchange
Rate prevailing between the Judgment Conversion Date and the date of actual payment of the amount due, the applicable party shall pay
such adjusted amount as may be necessary to ensure that the amount paid in the Judgment Currency, when converted at the Exchange Rate
prevailing on the date of payment, will produce the amount of US dollars which could have been purchased with the amount of Judgment
Currency stipulated in the judgment or judicial order at the Exchange Rate prevailing on the Judgment Conversion Date.

(c) Any
amount due from the Company under this provision shall be due as a separate debt and shall not be affected by judgment being obtained
for any other amounts due under or in respect of this Note.

18. SEVERABILITY.
If any provision of this Note is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction,
the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that
it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining
provisions of this Note so long as this Note as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of
the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question
does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the
benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited,
invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited,
invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

19. MAXIMUM
PAYMENTS. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to establish or require the payment of a rate of interest or other charges in
excess of the maximum permitted by applicable law. In the event that the rate of interest required to be paid or other charges hereunder
exceed the maximum permitted by such law, any payments in excess of such maximum shall be credited against amounts owed by the Company
to the Holder and thus refunded to the Company.

20. AMENDING
THE TERMS OF THIS NOTE. The prior written consent of the Holder shall be required for any change, waiver or amendment to this Note.

21. CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) 1933
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(b) 1934
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(c) Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial
banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place,
non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the
direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial
banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

(d) Common
Stock means the Companys shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share.

(e) Contingent
Obligation means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or otherwise, of that Person with respect
to any Indebtedness, lease, dividend or other obligation of another Person if the primary purpose or intent of the Person incurring such
liability, or the primary effect thereof, is to provide assurance to the obligee of such liability that such liability will be paid or
discharged, or that any agreements relating thereto will be complied with, or that the holders of such liability will be protected (in
whole or in part) against loss with respect thereto.

(f) Indebtedness
of any Person means, without duplication (A) all indebtedness for borrowed money, (B) all obligations issued, undertaken or assumed as
the deferred purchase price of property or services, including, without limitation, capital leases in accordance with United
States generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied for the periods covered thereby (other than trade payables entered
into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice), (C) all reimbursement or payment obligations with respect to
letters of credit, surety bonds and other similar instruments, (D) all obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments,
including obligations so evidenced incurred in connection with the acquisition of property, assets or businesses, (E) all indebtedness
created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, or incurred as financing, in either case with respect
to any property or assets acquired with the proceeds of such indebtedness (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or bank
under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (F) all monetary obligations under
any leasing or similar arrangement which, in connection with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied
for the periods covered thereby, is classified as a capital lease, (G) all indebtedness referred to in clauses (A) through (F) above
secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any mortgage,
deed of trust, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other encumbrance of any nature whatsoever in or upon any property or assets
(including accounts and contract rights) with respect to any asset or property owned by any Person, even though the Person which owns
such assets or property has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such indebtedness, and (H) all Contingent Obligations in
respect of indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (A) through (G) above.

(g) Material
Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on (i) the business, properties, assets, liabilities, operations (including
results thereof), condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company or any Subsidiary, individually or taken as a whole,
(ii) the transactions contemplated hereby or any other agreements or instruments to be entered into in connection herewith or therewith
or (iii) the authority or ability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to perform any of their respective obligations under any
of this Note.

(h) Maturity
Date shall mean the earlier of (i) November 14, 2025, and (ii) the initial time of consummation by the Company after the date
hereof of any public or private offering(s), individually or in the aggregate, of securities with gross proceeds of at least $1 million.

(i) Permitted
Indebtedness means (i) Indebtedness evidenced by this Note and (ii) Indebtedness set forth on Schedule A attached hereto.

(j) Person
means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization,
any other entity or a government or any department or agency thereof.

(k) SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or the successor thereto.

(l) Subsidiaries
means any Person in which the Company, directly or indirectly, (I) owns any of the outstanding capital stock or holds any equity or similar
interest of such Person or (II) controls or operates all or any part of the business, operations or administration of such Person, and
each of the foregoing, is individually referred to herein as a Subsidiary.

22. ABSENCE
OF TRADING AND DISCLOSURE RESTRICTIONS. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Holder is not a fiduciary or agent of the Company
and that the Holder shall have no obligation to (a) maintain the confidentiality of any information provided by the Company or (b) refrain
from trading any securities while in possession of such information in the absence of a written non-disclosure agreement signed by an
officer of the Holder that explicitly provides for such confidentiality and trading restrictions. In the absence of such an executed,
written non-disclosure agreement, the Company acknowledges that the Holder may freely trade in any securities issued by the Company,
may possess and use any information provided by the Company in connection with such trading activity, and may disclose any such information
to any third party.

[signature
page follows]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Note to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out above.

IMAC Holdings, Inc.

By: 

Name: Faith Zaslavsky

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Agreed
and Accepted:

[BUYER]

By: 

Name: 

Tile: 

SCHEDULE
A

Permitted
Indebtedness

None.

Schedule
of Lenders

Name Purchase Price Principal 

Keystone Capital Partners, LLC $ 50,000.00 $ 70,000.00
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

AMENDMENT

This
AMENDMENT TO PROMISSORY NOTE (this Amendment) is made and entered into as of February [ ], 2025 by and between IMAC
Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Company) and [BUYER], (together with its successors and assigns, Holder).

RECITALS

A. On
February 14, 2025, Company issued promissory notes to certain lenders, as set forth in the Schedule of Lenders attached hereto, in the
aggregate principal amount of $110,000, for an aggregate purchase price from such lenders of $100,000 (the Note).

B. Company
and Holder have agreed to amend the Note as set forth herein.

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, the agreements hereinafter set forth and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Company and Holder agree that the Note is hereby amended as follows:

1. Recitals.
The foregoing recitals are true and correct and are hereby incorporated by reference for all purposes as if fully set forth herein. Capitalized
terms not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Note.

2. Amendment.
Section 7(a) of the Note is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety by the language below:

Rank.
All payments due under this Note shall rank (i) pari passu with the promissory notes issued by the Company on February [27], 2025 in
the aggregate principal amount of $70,000 and any additional promissory notes of like tenor up to an additional principal amount of $280,000,
(ii) junior to Permitted Indebtedness and (iii) senior to all other Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

3. Continuing
Effectiveness. Except as specifically modified and amended herein, all other terms, conditions and covenants contained in the Note
shall remain in full force and effect.

4. Successors
and Assigns. This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns.

5. No
Further Modification. No further modification, amendment, extension, discharge, termination or waiver of the Note shall be effective
unless the same shall be in a writing signed by the party against whom enforcement is sought, and then such waiver or consent shall be
effective only in the specific instance, and for the purpose, for which given.

6. Governing
Law. This Amendment shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. If any provision hereof
is not enforceable, the remaining provisions of this Amendment shall be enforced in accordance with their terms.

7. Construction.
As used herein, the neuter gender shall include the masculine and the feminine genders and vice versa, and the singular the plural, vice
versa, as the context demands.

8. Counterparts.
This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same instrument.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first above set forth.

COMPANY:

IMAC HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Title: 

HOLDER:

[BUYER]

By: 

Title: 

[Signature page to Amendment to Promissory Note]

SCHEDULE
OF LENDERS

Name Purchase Price Principal 

Keystone Capital Partners, LLC $ 40,000.00 $ 44,000.00 

Ashton Capital Corporation $ 40,000.00 $ 44,000.00 

Jeffrey Busch $ 20,000.00 $ 22,000.00 

[Signature
page to Amendment to Promissory Note]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>back-20250227.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>back-20250227_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>back-20250227_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 27, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 27, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38797

Entity Registrant Name IMAC
Holdings, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001729944

Entity Tax Identification Number 83-0784691

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 3401
Mallory Lane

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 100

Entity Address, City or Town Franklin

Entity Address, State or Province TN

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 37067

City Area Code (844)

Local Phone Number 266-4622

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol BACK

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://imacregeneration.gcs-web.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

back-20250227.xsd 
back-20250227_lab.xml 
back-20250227_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-008752-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001729944 

2025-02-27 
2025-02-27 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001729944 
8-K 
2025-02-27 
IMAC Holdings, Inc. 
DE 
001-38797 
83-0784691 
3401 Mallory Lane 
Suite 100 
Franklin 
TN 
37067 
(844) 
266-4622 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
BACK 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>