<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-003896.txt : 20250411
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-003896.hdr.sgml : 20250411
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250411172804
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-003896
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250411
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250411
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250411

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Aether Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002026353
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				352818803
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42595
		FILM NUMBER:		25833707

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1441 BROADWAY,
		STREET 2:		30TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(347) 363-0886

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1441 BROADWAY,
		STREET 2:		30TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000202635300020263532025-04-112025-04-11iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C.
20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April
11, 2025 (April 9, 2025)

Aether Holdings,
Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-42595 35-2818803

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1441 Broadway, 30th Floor

New
York, New York 10018NY

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including area
code: (347)363-0886

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below
if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share ATHR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Initial Public Offering

On April 9, 2025, Aether Holdings,
Inc., a Delaware corporation, (the Company), entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement)
with The Benchmark Company, LLC and Axiom Capital Management, Inc., acting as the representatives of the several underwriters (the Representatives)
of the Companys firm commitment underwritten initial public offering (the Offering). Pursuant to the Underwriting
Agreement, the Company agreed to sell to the Representatives an aggregate of 1,800,000 shares (the Shares) of the
Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock) at a price of $4.30 per share (the Offering
Price). On April 11, 2025 (the Closing Date), the Company consummated the closing of the Offering, generating
gross proceeds of approximately $7,740,000 and net proceeds (after deducting discounts and offering expenses) of approximately $6,520,000.
The Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol ATHR.

Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement,
the Company has granted the Representatives the option (Over-Allotment Option), exercisable for 30 days from April
11, 2025, to purchase up to an additional 270,000 from the Company at the Offering Price, less the underwriting discount, to cover over-allotments.

The Shares were offered by the
Company pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-284081), which was originally filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on December 30, 2024, and declared effective by the Commission on April
9, 2025 (the Registration Statement).

The Underwriting Agreement contains
customary representations and warranties that the parties made to, and solely for the benefit of, the other party in the context of the
terms and conditions of that agreement and in the context of the specific relationship between the parties. The Company has also agreed
that it will not, without the prior written consent of the Representatives, offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or
contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer
or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common
Stock for a period of one hundred and eighty (180) days following the Closing Date, other than certain exempt issuances.

A copy of the final, executed
Underwriting Agreement is included as Exhibit 1.1 hereto, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Representatives Warrant

Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement,
as partial compensation for its services, on April 11, 2025 the Company issued to the Representatives a warrant to purchase up to 126,000
shares of Common Stock (the Representatives Warrant). In the event that Benchmark exercises its Over-Allotment
Option, the Representatives Warrant will be increased by an additional approximately 18,900 shares of Common Stock. The Representatives
Warrant is exercisable at a per share exercise price equal to $4.30 and is exercisable at any time and from time to time, in whole or
in part, for a term of five years commencing one hundred and eighty (180) days after the Closing Date, and terminating on April 9, 2030.
Neither the Representatives Warrant nor any of the shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of the Representatives Warrant
may be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction
that would result in the effective economic disposition of such securities by any person, for a period of one hundred and eighty (180)
days immediately following the Closing Date, except as permitted by applicable FINRA rules. The shares of Common Stock underlying the
Representatives Warrant are registered pursuant to the Registration Statement. The Representatives Warrant also provides
for demand registration rights of the shares underlying the Representatives Warrant and piggyback registration rights
for up to two (2) years after the Initial Exercise Date (as defined in the Representatives Warrant), with respect to the registration
of the shares underlying the Representatives Warrant, as well as customary anti-dilution provisions.

The foregoing summary of the terms
of the Underwriting Agreement and the Representatives Warrant are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by reference to,
copies of the Underwriting Agreement and the Representatives Warrant that are filed as Exhibits 1.1 and 4.1, respectively, to this
Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.01 Other Events. 

On April 9, 2025, the Company
issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Offering. A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report
on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein.

On April 11, 2025, the Company
issued a press release announcing the closing of the Offering. A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report
on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

The following exhibits are being
filed herewith:

Exhibit No. Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated as of April 9, 2025, by and between the Company and The Benchmark Company, LLC and Axiom Capital Management, Inc.

4.1 Form of Representatives Warrant

99.1 Press Release, dated April 9, 2025

99.2 Press
Release, dated April 11, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Dated: April 11, 2025 Aether Holdings, Inc.

By: /s/ Nicolas
Lin

Name: Nicolas Lin

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex1-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
1.1

UNDERWRITING
AGREEMENT 

between

AETHER
HOLDINGS, INC.

and

THE
BENCHMARK COMPANY, LLC

and

AXIOM
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC.

as
Representatives of the Several Underwriters

AETHER
HOLDINGS, INC.

UNDERWRITING
AGREEMENT

April
9, 2025

The
Benchmark Company, LLC

150 E. 58th Street, 17th Floor

New
York, NY 10155

Axiom
Capital Management, Inc.

350
Fifth Avenue, Suite 6740

New
York, NY 10118

As
Representatives of the several Underwriters named on Schedule 1 attached hereto

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

The
undersigned, Aether Holdings, Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company),
hereby confirms its agreement (this Agreement) with The Benchmark Company, LLC (Benchmark)
and Axiom Capital Management, Inc. (Axiom and together with Benchmark, collectively hereinafter referred to as you
(including its correlatives) or the Representatives, and each, a Representative) and with the
other underwriters named on Schedule 1 hereto for which the Representatives are acting as representatives (each Representative
and such other underwriters being collectively called the Underwriters or, individually, an Underwriter)
as follows:

1.
Purchase and Sale of Shares.

1.1
Firm Shares.

1.1.1.
Nature and Purchase of Firm Shares.

(i)
On the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the
Company agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, an aggregate of 1,800,000 shares (the Firm Shares)
of common stock of the Company, par value, $0.001 per share (the Common Stock).

(ii)
The Firm Shares are to be offered initially to the public at a price of $4.30 per share as set forth on the cover page of the Prospectus
(as defined in Section 2.1.1 hereof) (the Firm Offering Price). The Underwriters agree, severally
and not jointly, to purchase from the Company the number of Firm Shares set forth opposite their respective names on Schedule 1
attached hereto and made a part hereof at a purchase price of $3.999 per share (93% of the Firm Offering Price).

1.1.2.
Shares Payment and Delivery.

(i)
Delivery and payment for the Firm Shares shall be made at 10:00 a.m., Eastern time, on the first (1st) Business Day following the
effective date (the Effective Date) of the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2.1.1
below) (or the second (2nd) Business Day (as defined below) following the Effective Date if the Registration Statement is declared effective
after 4:01 p.m., Eastern time) or at such earlier time as shall be agreed upon by the Representatives and the Company, at the offices
of Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP, 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, NY 10112 (Representative Counsel),
or at such other place (or remotely by facsimile or other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Representatives and
the Company. The hour and date of delivery and payment for the Firm Shares is called the Closing Date.

(ii)
Payment for the Firm Shares shall be made on the Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same-day) funds, payable to the order
of the Company upon delivery of the Firm Shares through the facilities of the Depository Trust Company (DTC)
for the account of the Underwriters. The Firm Shares shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as
the Representatives may request in writing at least two (2) full Business Days (as defined below) prior to the Closing Date. The Company
shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Firm Shares except upon tender of payment by the Representatives for all of the Firm Shares.
The term Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on
which banking institutions are authorized or obligated by law to close in New York, New York.

1.2
Over-allotment Option.

1.2.1.
Option Shares. For the purposes of covering any over-allotments in connection with the distribution and sale of the Firm Shares,
the Company hereby grants to the Underwriters an option to purchase up to 270,000 additional shares of Common Stock, representing 15%
of the Firm Shares sold in the offering, from the Company (the Over-allotment Option). Such 270,000
additional shares of Common Stock, the net proceeds of which will be deposited with the Companys account, are hereinafter
referred to as Option Shares. The purchase price to be paid per Option Share shall be equal to the
price per Firm Share set forth in Section 1.1.1 hereof. The Firm Shares and the Option Shares are hereinafter referred to together
as the Public Securities. The offering and sale of the Public Securities is hereinafter referred to
as the Offering.

1.2.2.
Exercise of Option. The Over-allotment Option granted pursuant to Section 1.2.1 hereof may be exercised by the Representatives
as to all (at any time) or any part (from time to time) of the Option Shares within 30 days after the Closing Date. The Underwriters
shall not be under any obligation to purchase any Option Shares prior to the exercise of the Over-allotment Option. The Over-allotment
Option granted hereby may be exercised by the giving of written notice to the Company from the Representatives, setting forth the number
of Option Shares to be purchased and the date and time for delivery of and payment for the Option Shares (the Option
Closing Date), which shall not be later than five (5) Business Days after the date of the notice or such other time
as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representatives, at the offices of Representative Counsel, or at such other place (including
remotely by facsimile or other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representatives. If such delivery
and payment for the Option Shares does not occur on the Closing Date, the Option Closing Date will be as set forth in the notice. Upon
exercise of the Over-allotment Option with respect to all or any portion of the Option Shares, subject to the terms and conditions set
forth herein: (i) the Company shall become obligated to sell to the Underwriters the number of Option Shares specified in such notice;
and (ii) each of the Underwriters, acting severally and not jointly, shall purchase that portion of the total number of Option Shares
then being purchased as set forth in Schedule 1 opposite the name of such Underwriter.

1.2.3.
Payment and Delivery. Payment for the Option Shares shall be made on the Option Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same-day)
funds, payable to the order of the Company upon delivery to the Representatives of certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to
the Underwriters) representing the Option Shares (or through the facilities of DTC) for the account of the Underwriters. The Option Shares
shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representatives may request in writing at least
two (2) Business Days prior to the Option Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Option Shares except
upon tender of payment by the Representatives for applicable Option Shares.

1.3
Representatives Warrant.

1.3.1.
Purchase Warrants. The Company hereby agrees to issue and sell to the Representatives (and/or each of their designees) on
the Closing Date and Option Closing Date, as applicable, a warrant (each, a Representatives Warrant,
and together, the Representatives Warrants) for the purchase of an aggregate number
of shares of Common Stock representing seven percent (7%) of the Public Securities issued on such Closing Date or Option Closing Date.
The Representatives Warrant agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Representatives
Warrant Agreement), shall be exercisable, in whole or in part, commencing on a date which is 180 days following the
Closing Date and expiring on the five-year anniversary of the commencement of sales for the Offering at an initial exercise price per
shares of Common Stock of $4.30, which is equal to 100% of the Firm Offering Price. The Representatives Warrant and the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise thereof are hereinafter referred to together as the Representatives
Securities. Each Representative understands and agrees that there are significant restrictions pursuant to FINRA Rule
5110 against transferring the Representatives Warrant Agreement and the underlying shares of Common Stock during the 180
days immediately following the date of effectiveness or commencement of sales of the offering and by its acceptance thereof shall agree
that it will not sell, transfer, assign, pledge or hypothecate the Representatives Warrant Agreement, or any portion thereof,
or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition
of such securities for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of effectiveness or commencement of sales of the offering
to anyone other than: (i) an Underwriter or a selected dealer in connection with the Offering; or (ii) a bona fide officer or partner
of the Representatives or of any such Underwriter or selected dealer; and only if any such transferee agrees to the foregoing lock-up
restrictions.

1.3.2.
Delivery. Delivery of the Representatives Warrant Agreement shall be made on the Closing Date and shall be issued
in the name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representatives may request.

2.
Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as of the Applicable
Time (as defined below), as of the Closing Date and as of the Option Closing Date, if any, as follows:

2.1
Filing of Registration Statement.

2.1.1.
Pursuant to the Securities Act. The Company has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
a registration statement, and an amendment or amendments thereto, on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284081), including any related prospectus
or prospectuses, for the registration of the Public Securities and the Representatives Securities under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), which registration statement and amendment or amendments
have been prepared by the Company in all material respects in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and
regulations of the Commission under the Securities Act (the Securities Act Regulations) and will contain
all material statements that are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations.
Except as the context may otherwise require, such registration statement, as amended, on file with the Commission at the time the registration
statement became effective (including the Preliminary Prospectus (as defined below) included in the registration statement, financial
statements, schedules, exhibits and all other documents filed as a part thereof or incorporated therein and all information deemed to
be a part thereof as of the Effective Date pursuant to paragraph (b) of Rule 430A of the Securities Act Regulations (the Rule
430A Information)), is referred to herein as the Registration Statement. If the
Company files any registration statement pursuant to Rule 462(b) of the Securities Act Regulations, then after such filing, the term
Registration Statement shall include such registration statement filed pursuant to Rule 462(b). The
Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission on the date hereof.

Each
prospectus used prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, and each prospectus that omitted the Rule 430A Information
that was used after such effectiveness and prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement, is herein called a Preliminary
Prospectus. The Preliminary Prospectus, subject to completion, dated March 19, 2025, that was included in the Registration
Statement immediately prior to the Applicable Time is hereinafter called the Pricing Prospectus. The
final prospectus in the form first furnished to the Underwriters for use in the Offering is hereinafter called the Prospectus.
Any reference to the most recent Preliminary Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to the latest Preliminary
Prospectus included in the Registration Statement.

Applicable
Time means 5:00 p.m, Eastern time, on the date of this Agreement.

Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433
of the Securities Act Regulations (Rule 433), including, without limitation, any free
writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations) relating to the Public Securities that is:
(i) required to be filed with the Commission by the Company; (ii) a road show that is a written communication
within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i), whether or not required to be filed with the Commission; or (iii) exempt from filing with the
Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because it contains a description of the Public Securities or of the Offering that does not
reflect the final terms, in each case in the form filed or required to be filed with the Commission or, if not required to be filed,
in the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to Rule 433(g).

Issuer
General Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is intended for general distribution
to prospective investors (other than a bona fide electronic road show, as defined in Rule 433 (the
Bona Fide Electronic Road Show)).

Issuer
Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not an Issuer General Use Free
Writing Prospectus.

Pricing
Disclosure Package means any Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus issued at or prior to the Applicable Time,
the Pricing Prospectus and the information included on Schedule 2-A hereto, all considered together.

2.1.2.
Pursuant to the Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Form 8-A (File Number 001-42595) providing for the
registration pursuant to Section 12(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act),
of the Common Stock. The registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act has been declared effective by the Commission on or
prior to the date hereof. The Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating
such registration.

2.2
Stock Exchange Listing. The Common Stock have been approved for listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market (the Exchange)
under the symbol ATHR, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the
effect of, delisting the Common Stock from the Exchange, nor has the Company received any notification that the Exchange is contemplating
terminating such listing except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

2.3
No Stop Orders, etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, any state regulatory
authority has issued any order preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus
or has instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened to institute, any proceedings with respect to such an
order. The Company has complied with each request (if any) from the Commission for additional information.

2.4
Disclosures in Registration Statement.

2.4.1.
Compliance with Securities Act and 10b-5 Representation.

(i)
Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became effective, complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. Each Preliminary Prospectus, including the prospectus
filed as part of the Registration Statement as originally filed or as part of any amendment or supplement thereto, and the Prospectus,
at the time each was filed with the Commission, complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the
Securities Act Regulations. Each Preliminary Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with this Offering and the
Prospectus was or will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except
to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(ii)
Neither the Registration Statement nor any amendment thereto, at its effective time, as of the Applicable Time, at the Closing Date
or at any Option Closing Date (if any), contained, contains or will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits
or will omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein in light of the circumstances
under which they were made not misleading, provided, however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply to statements made
or statements omitted in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriters Information (as defined below).

(iii)
The Pricing Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time, at the Closing Date or at any Option Closing Date (if any), did not, does
not and will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and each Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus
hereto does not conflict in any material respect with the information contained in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus,
the Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus, and each such Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus, as supplemented by and taken together
with the Pricing Prospectus as of the Applicable Time, did not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided,
however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply to statements made or statements omitted in reliance upon and in conformity
with written information furnished to the Company with respect to the Underwriters by the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration
Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto. The parties
acknowledge and agree that such information provided by or on behalf of any Underwriter consists solely of the disclosure contained in
the Underwriting section of the Prospectus (the Underwriters Information);
and

(iv)
Neither the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto (including any prospectus wrapper), as of its issue date, at the time
of any filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b), at the Closing Date or at any Option Closing Date, included, includes or will
include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that this representation
and warranty shall not apply to the Underwriters Information.

2.4.2.
Disclosure of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained therein and there are no agreements or other
documents required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been
so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is a party or by
which it is or may be bound or affected and: (i) that is filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus; or (ii) is material to the Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the
Company, is in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Companys
knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution
provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive
and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding
therefor may be brought. None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the
Companys knowledge, any other party is in default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge, no event has
occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder except for such defaults
that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change (as defined in Section 2.5.1 below). To the best
of the Companys knowledge, performance by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will
not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court,
domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses (each, a Governmental Entity),
including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations, except for any violation that would not reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.4.3.
Prior Securities Transactions. During the past three (3) years from the date of this Agreement, no securities of the Company
have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for the benefit of, any person or persons controlling, controlled by or under
common control with the Company, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Preliminary
Prospectus.

2.4.4.
Regulations. The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus concerning the
effects of federal, state, local and all material foreign regulation on the Offering and the Companys business as currently
conducted are correct in all material respects and no other such material regulations are required to be disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus which are not so disclosed.

2.5
Changes After Dates in Registration Statement.

2.5.1.
No Material Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the
Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein: (i) there has been no material adverse
change in the financial position or results of operations of the Company, nor any change or development that, singularly or in the aggregate,
would involve a material adverse change in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business, or assets
of the Company (a Material Adverse Change); (ii) other than in the ordinary course of business, there
have been no material transactions entered into by the Company, other than as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement; and (iii) no executive
officer or director of the Company has resigned from any position with the Company.

2.5.2.
Recent Securities Transactions, etc. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or disclosed
in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has not: (i) issued any securities or incurred
any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution
on or in respect to its capital stock.

2.6
Independent Accountants. To the knowledge of the Company, ZH CPA, LLC (the Auditor),
whose report is filed with the Commission as part of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, is
an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board. The Auditor has not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in
Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

2.7
Financial Statements, etc. The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules, if any,
included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, fairly present, in all material respects,
the financial position and the results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods to which they apply; and such financial
statements have been prepared in conformity with the U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP),
consistently applied throughout the periods involved (provided that unaudited interim financial statements are subject to any normal
year-end audit adjustments); and the supporting schedules, if any, included in the Registration Statement present fairly, in all material
respects, the information required to be stated therein. Except as included therein, no historical or pro forma financial statements
are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus under the Securities Act
or the Securities Act Regulations. The pro forma and pro forma as adjusted financial information and the related notes, if any, included
in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus have been properly compiled and prepared in accordance
with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and present fairly, in all material respects,
the information shown therein, and the assumptions used in the preparation thereof are reasonable and the adjustments used therein are
appropriate to give effect to the transactions and circumstances referred to therein. All disclosures contained in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus regarding non-GAAP financial measures
(as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the Commission), if any, comply in all material respects with Regulation G of
the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act, to the extent applicable. Except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus: (a) neither the Company nor any of its direct and indirect subsidiaries,
including each entity disclosed or described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus as being
a subsidiary of the Company (each, a Subsidiary and, collectively, the Subsidiaries),
has incurred any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent, or entered into any material transactions other than in the
ordinary course of business; (b) the Company has not declared or paid any dividends or made any distribution of any kind with respect
to its capital stock; (c) there has not been any change in the capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or, other than
in the ordinary course of business, any grants under any stock compensation plan; and (d) there has not been any Material Adverse Change
in the Companys long-term or short-term debt, as of the date of this Agreement.

2.8
Authorized Capital; Options, etc. The Company had, at the date or dates indicated in the Registration Statement, the
Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth therein. Based
on the assumptions stated in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company will have on
the Closing Date the adjusted stock capitalization set forth therein. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by, the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, on the Effective Date, as of the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date and any Option
Closing Date, there will be no stock options, warrants, or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized, but unissued
Common Stock or any security convertible or exercisable into Common Stock, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell Common Stock
or any such options, warrants, rights or convertible securities.

2.9
Valid Issuance of Securities, etc.

2.9.1.
Outstanding Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights
of rescission with respect thereto, and are not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and none of such securities
were issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted
by the Company. The authorized Common Stock conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The offers and sales of the outstanding Common Stock were at all relevant
times either registered under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities or blue sky laws or,
based in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers of such shares, exempt from such registration requirements.

2.9.2.
Securities Sold Pursuant to this Agreement. The Public Securities and Representatives Securities have been duly
authorized for issuance and sale and, when issued and paid for, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof
are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Public Securities and Representatives
Securities are not and will not be subject to any preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company that have not been
waived or similar contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance
and sale of the Public Securities and Representatives Securities has been duly and validly taken. The Public Securities
conform in all material respects to all statements with respect thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus. All corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Representatives
Warrant Agreement has been duly and validly taken; the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Representatives Warrant
have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company and when paid for and
issued in accordance with the Representatives Warrant Agreement, such Common Stock will be validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and such Common
Stock are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company that have not been waived
or similar contractual rights granted by the Company.

2.10
Registration Rights of Third Parties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, no holders of any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into securities
of the Company have the right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Securities Act or to include
any such securities in a registration statement to be filed by the Company.

2.11
Validity and Binding Effect of Agreements. This Agreement and the Representatives Warrant Agreement
have been duly and validly authorized by the Company, and, when executed and delivered, will constitute, the valid and binding agreements
of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as
enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws; and (iii)
that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and
to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

2.12
No Conflicts, etc. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the Representatives
Warrant Agreement and all ancillary documents, the consummation by the Company of the transactions herein and therein contemplated and
the compliance by the Company with the terms hereof and thereof do not and will not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse
of time or both: (i) result in a breach of, or conflict with any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result
in the creation, modification, termination or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company
pursuant to the terms of any agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party; (ii) result in any violation of the provisions
of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation or bylaws (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time,
the Charter); or (iii) violate any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment,
order or decree of any Governmental Entity as of the date hereof except in the case of clauses (i) and (iii) for any such breach, conflict,
violation default, lien, charge or encumbrance that would not reasonably be expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Change.

2.13
No Defaults; Violations. No material default exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant or
condition of any material license, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement, or any other agreement
or instrument evidencing an obligation for borrowed money, or any other material agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party
or by which the Company may be bound or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company is subject. The Company is not: (i) in
violation of any term or provision of its Charter; (ii) in violation of any license or permit; or (iii) any violation of applicable law,
rule, regulation, judgment or decree of any Governmental Entity except, in the case of clause (ii) and (iii), for any such violation
that would not reasonably be expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Change.

2.14
Corporate Power; Licenses; Consents.

2.14.1.
Conduct of Business. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
the Company has all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses, certificates
and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials and bodies that it needs as of the date hereof to conduct its business
as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except for the absence of which would
not reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Change.

2.14.2.
Transactions Contemplated Herein. The Company has all corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry
out the provisions and conditions hereof, and all consents, authorizations, approvals and orders required in connection therewith have
been obtained. No consent, authorization or order of, and no filing with, any court, government agency or other body is required for
the valid issuance, sale and delivery of the Public Securities and the consummation of the transactions and agreements contemplated by
this Agreement and the Representatives Warrant Agreement and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except: (i) such consents, approvals, authorizations, orders, filings, registrations or qualifications
that have already been obtained or made; and (ii) with respect to applicable federal and state securities laws and the rules and regulations
of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA).

2.15
D&O Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires (the Questionnaires)
completed by each of the Companys directors and officers immediately prior to the Offering (the Insiders)
as supplemented by all information concerning the Companys directors, officers and principal stockholders as described
in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, as well as in the Lock-Up Agreement (as defined in
Section 2.24 below), provided to the Underwriters, is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not become
aware of any information which would cause the information disclosed in the Questionnaires to become materially inaccurate and incorrect.

2.16
Litigation; Governmental Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation
or governmental proceeding pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against, or involving the Company or, to the
Companys knowledge, any executive officer or director which is required to be disclosed and has not been disclosed in the
Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or in connection with the Companys listing application
for the listing of the Public Securities on the Exchange.

2.17
Good Standing. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation under the laws of the
State of Delaware and as of the date hereof is in good standing in each other jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease of property
or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified, singularly or in the aggregate,
would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.18
Insurance. The Company carries or is entitled to the benefits of insurance, with reputable insurers, in such amounts
and covering such risks which the Company believes are adequate, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage
at least equal to $5,000,000 and all such insurance is in full force and effect. The Company has no reason to believe that it will not
be able: (i) to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such policies expire; or (ii) to obtain comparable coverage from similar
institutions as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct its business as now conducted and at a cost that would not reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.19
Transactions Affecting Disclosure to FINRA.

2.19.1.
Finders Fees. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
there are no claims, payments, arrangements, agreements or understandings relating to the payment of a finders, consulting
or origination fee by the Company or any Insider with respect to the sale of the Public Securities hereunder or any other arrangements,
agreements or understandings of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its stockholders that may affect the
Underwriters compensation, as determined by FINRA.

2.19.2.
Payments Within Twelve (12) Months. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus, the Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a
finders fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing
to the Company persons who raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member participating in the offering as defined
by FINRA Rule 5110; or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any participating FINRA
member, within the twelve (12) months prior to the Effective Date, other than the payment to the Underwriters as provided hereunder in
connection with the Offering.

2.19.3.
Use of Proceeds. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any participating FINRA member or
its affiliates, except as specifically authorized herein.

2.19.4.
FINRA Affiliation. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there
is no: (i) officer or director of the Company; (ii) beneficial owner of 5% or more of any class of the Companys securities;
or (iii) beneficial owner of the Companys unregistered equity securities which were acquired during the 180 day period
immediately preceding the filing of the Registration Statement that is an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating
in the Offering (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA).

2.19.5.
Information. All information provided by the Company in its FINRA questionnaire to Representative Counsel specifically for
use by Representative Counsel in connection with its Public Offering System filings (and related disclosure) with FINRA is true, correct
and complete in all material respects.

2.20
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. None of the Company and its Subsidiaries or, to the Companys knowledge,
any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company and its Subsidiaries or any other person acting on behalf of the Company
and its Subsidiaries, has, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give any money, gift or similar benefit (other than legal price
concessions to customers in the ordinary course of business) to any customer, supplier, employee or agent of a customer or supplier,
or official or employee of any governmental agency or instrumentality of any government (domestic or foreign) or any political party
or candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position to help or hinder the business of
the Company (or assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction) that: (i) might subject the Company to any damage or
penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding; (ii) if not given in the past, might have had a Material Adverse
Change; or (iii) if not continued in the future, might adversely affect the assets, business, or operations of the Company. The Company
has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply in all
material respects with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

2.21
Compliance with OFAC. None of the Company and its Subsidiaries or, to the Companys knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company and its Subsidiaries or any other person acting on behalf of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department
of the Treasury (OFAC), and the Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the
Offering hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person
or entity, for the purpose of financing the activities of any person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.

2.22
Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance
with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as
amended, the money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations
or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Entity (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws);
and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental Entity involving the Company with respect to the Money Laundering Laws
is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

2.23
Officers Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and
delivered to you or to Representative Counsel shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to
the matters covered thereby.

2.24
Lock-Up Agreements. Schedule 3 hereto contains a complete and accurate list of the Companys officers
and directors, and each holder of the Companys issued and outstanding Common Stock prior to the consummation of
the Offering who is an affiliate as such term is defined in Rule 144 of the Securities Act,
on a fully-diluted basis (collectively, the Lock-Up Parties). The Company has
caused each of the Lock-Up Parties to deliver to the Representatives an executed Lock-Up Agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
B (the Lock-Up Agreement), prior to the execution of this Agreement.

2.25
Subsidiaries. All direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company are duly organized and in good standing (to the extent
the concept of good standing is applicable in such jurisdiction) under the laws of the place of organization or incorporation, and each
Subsidiary is in good standing (to the extent the concept of good standing is applicable in such jurisdiction) in each jurisdiction in
which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify
would not result in a Material Adverse Change. The Companys ownership and control of each Subsidiary is as described
in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

2.26
Related Party Transactions. There are no business relationships or related party transactions involving the Company
or any other person required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus that have
not been described as required by the Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations.

2.27
Board of Directors. The Board of Directors of the Company is comprised of the persons set forth under the heading of
the Pricing Prospectus and the Prospectus captioned Management. The qualifications of the persons
serving as board members and the overall composition of the board comply with the Exchange Act, the Exchange Act Regulations, the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) applicable to the Company
and the listing rules of the Exchange. At least one member of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company qualifies
as an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined under Regulation S-K and the listing rules
of the Exchange. In addition, at least a majority of the persons serving on the Board of Directors qualify as independent,
as defined under the listing rules of the Exchange.

2.28
Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance.

2.28.1.
Disclosure Controls. The Company has taken all necessary actions to ensure that, in the time periods required, the Company
will comply with Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations, and such controls and procedures are effective to ensure that
all material information concerning the Company will be made known on a timely basis to the individuals responsible for the preparation
of the Companys Exchange Act filings and other public disclosure documents.

2.28.2.
Compliance. The Company is, or at the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date will be, in material compliance with the provisions
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act applicable to it, and has implemented or will implement such programs and has taken reasonable steps to ensure
the Companys future compliance (not later than the relevant statutory and regulatory deadlines therefor) with all of the
material provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act then applicable to it.

2.29
Accounting Controls. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
the Company and its Subsidiaries maintain systems of internal control over financial reporting (as defined
under Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations) that comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange
Act and have been designed by, or under the supervision of, their respective principal executive and principal financial officers, or
persons performing similar functions, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including, but not limited to, internal accounting controls sufficient
to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific
authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and
to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general
or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals
and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, the Company is not aware of any material weaknesses in its internal controls. The Companys
auditors and the Board of Directors of the Company have been advised of: (i) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are known to the Companys management
and that have adversely affected or are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Companys ability to record, process,
summarize and report financial information; and (ii) any fraud known to the Companys management, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Companys internal controls
over financial reporting.

2.30
No Investment Company Status. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the Offering and the application of the
proceeds thereof as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, will not be, required
to register as an investment company, as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

2.31
No Labor Disputes. No labor dispute with the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries exists or, to the
knowledge of the Company, is imminent.

2.32
Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses or has valid rights to use
all patents, patent applications, trademarks, service marks, trade names, trademark registrations, service mark registrations, copyrights,
licenses, inventions, trade secrets and similar rights (Intellectual Property Rights) necessary for
the conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently carried on and as described in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. To the knowledge of the Company, no action or use by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
necessary for the conduct of its business as currently carried on and as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus will
involve or give rise to any infringement of, or license or similar fees for, any Intellectual Property Rights of others which has not
been subsequently rectified. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice alleging any such infringement,
fee or conflict with asserted Intellectual Property Rights of others. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result, individually
or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change: (A) to the knowledge of the Company, there is no infringement, misappropriation or
violation by third parties of any of the Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company; (B) there is no pending or, to the knowledge
of the Company, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the rights of the Company in or to any such Intellectual
Property Rights, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim, that would, individually
or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 2.32, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Change; (C) the Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company and, to the knowledge of the Company, the Intellectual Property Rights
licensed to the Company have not been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and
there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging
the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property Rights, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable
basis for any such claim that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 2.32, reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (D) there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened
action, suit, proceeding or claim by others that the Company infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates any Intellectual Property
Rights or other proprietary rights of others, the Company has not received any written notice of such claim and the Company is unaware
of any other facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with
any other claims in this Section 2.32, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and (E) to the Companys
knowledge, no employee of the Company is in or has ever been in violation in any material respect of any term of any employment contract,
patent disclosure agreement, invention assignment agreement, non-competition agreement, non-solicitation agreement, nondisclosure agreement
or any restrictive covenant to or with a former employer where the basis of such violation relates to such employees
employment with the Company, or actions undertaken by the employee while employed with the Company and could reasonably be expected to
result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change has not been subsequently rectified or settled. To the Companys
knowledge, all material technical information developed by and belonging to the Company which has not been patented has been kept confidential.
The Company is not a party to or bound by any options, licenses or agreements with respect to the Intellectual Property Rights of any
other person or entity that are required to be set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
and are not described therein. The Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus contain in all material
respects the same description of the matters set forth in the preceding sentence. None of the technology employed by the Company has
been obtained or is being used by the Company in violation of any contractual obligation binding on the Company or, to the Companys
knowledge, any of its officers, directors or employees, or otherwise in violation of the rights of any persons.

2.33
Taxes. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has: (i) filed all returns (as hereinafter defined) required to be
filed with taxing authorities prior to the date hereof or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof, except in any
case in which the failure so to file would not reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Change; and (ii) has paid all taxes
(as hereinafter defined) shown as due on such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on or assessed against the Company
or such respective Subsidiary, except as currently being contested in good faith or would not reasonably be expected to cause a Material
Adverse Change. The provisions for taxes payable, if any, shown on the financial statements filed with or as part of the Registration
Statement are sufficient for all accrued and unpaid taxes, whether or not disputed, and for all periods to and including the dates of
such consolidated financial statements. Except as disclosed in writing to the Underwriters: (i) no issues have been raised (and are currently
pending) by any taxing authority in connection with any of the returns or taxes asserted as due from the Company or its Subsidiaries;
and (ii) no waivers of statutes of limitation with respect to the returns or collection of taxes have been given by or requested from
the Company or its Subsidiaries. The term taxes means all federal, state, local, foreign and other net income,
gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding,
payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall profits, customs, duties or other taxes, fees,
assessments or charges of any kind whatever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or additional amounts with
respect thereto. The term returns means all returns, declarations, reports, statements and other documents
required to be filed in respect to taxes.

2.34
ERISA Compliance. The Company and any employee benefit plan (as defined under the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (collectively, ERISA))
established or maintained by the Company or its ERISA Affiliates (as defined below) are in compliance in all material respects with ERISA.
ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to the Company, any member of any group of organizations
described in Sections 414(b),(c),(m) or (o) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations
thereunder (the Code) of which the Company is a member. No reportable event
(as defined under ERISA) has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any employee benefit plan
established or maintained by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates. No employee benefit plan established
or maintained by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates, if such employee benefit plan were terminated,
would have any amount of unfunded benefit liabilities (as defined under ERISA). Neither the Company nor any
of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any material liability under: (i) Title IV of ERISA with respect
to termination of, or withdrawal from, any employee benefit plan; or (ii) Sections 412, 4971, 4975 or 4980B
of the Code. Each employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates
that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and, to the knowledge of the Company, nothing has occurred,
whether by action or failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification.

2.35
Compliance with Laws. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement, Pricing Disclosure Package and Prospectus
and as could not, individually or in the aggregate, be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, the Company: (A) is and at all
times has been in compliance with all statutes, rules, or regulations applicable to the services provided by the Company (Applicable
Laws), except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Change; (B) has not received any warning letter, untitled letter or other correspondence or notice from any other governmental authority
alleging or asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Laws or any licenses, certificates, approvals, clearances, authorizations, permits
and supplements or amendments thereto required by any such Applicable Laws (Authorizations); (C) possesses
all material Authorizations and such material Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect and are not in material violation
of any term of any such Authorizations; (D) has not received notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation,
arbitration or other action from any governmental authority or third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in violation
of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such governmental authority or third party is considering any
such claim, litigation, arbitration, action, suit, investigation or proceeding that, if brought, may result in a Material Adverse Change;
(E) has not received notice that any governmental authority has taken, is taking or intends to take action to limit, suspend, modify
or revoke any Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such governmental authority is considering such action; and (F) has filed,
obtained, maintained or submitted or taken reasonably practicable steps to file, obtain, maintain or submit all material reports, documents,
forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Applicable Laws or Authorizations
and that all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were complete
and correct, in all material respects, on the date filed (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission).

2.36
Ineligible Issuer. At the time of filing the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the
time of effectiveness of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto, at the earliest time thereafter that the Company or another
offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the Securities Act Regulations) of the Public Securities
and at the date hereof, the Company was and is an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405.

2.37
Real Property. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
the Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to, or have valid rights to lease or otherwise use, all
items of real or personal property which are material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, in each case
free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, security interests, claims and defects that do not, singly or in the aggregate, materially
affect the value of such property and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or its
Subsidiaries; and all of the leases and subleases material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise,
and under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries holds properties described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, are in full force and effect, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of any material
claim of any sort that has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the Company or any Subsidiary under any of the leases or
subleases mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the rights of the Company or such Subsidiary to the continued possession of the
leased or subleased premises under any such lease or sublease.

2.38
Contracts Affecting Capital. There are no transactions, arrangements or other relationships between and/or among the
Company, any of its affiliates (as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations) and any unconsolidated entity,
including, but not limited to, any structured finance, special purpose or limited purpose entity that could reasonably be expected to
materially affect the Companys or its Subsidiaries liquidity or the availability of or requirements
for their capital resources required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
which have not been described as required.

2.39
Loans to Directors or Officers. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances for business expenses
in the ordinary course of business) or guarantees or indebtedness by the Company or its Subsidiaries to or for the benefit of any of
the officers or directors of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

2.40
Smaller Reporting Company. As of the time of filing of the Registration Statement, the Company was a smaller
reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act Regulations.

2.41
Industry Data. The statistical and market-related data included in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are
reliable and accurate or represent the Companys good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived
from such sources.

2.42
Emerging Growth Company. From the time of the initial confidential submission of the Registration Statement to the
Commission (or, if earlier, the first date on which the Company engaged directly in or through any Person authorized to act on its behalf
in any Testing-the Waters Communication) through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company,
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act (an Emerging Growth Company). Testing-the-Waters
Communication means any oral or written communication with potential investors undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d)
of the Securities Act.

2.43
Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company has not: (i) alone engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communications,
other than Testing-the-Waters Communications with the written consent of the Representatives and with entities that are qualified institutional
buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule
501 under the Securities Act; and (ii) authorized anyone other than the Representatives to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications.
The Company confirms that the Representatives have been authorized to act on its behalf in undertaking Testing-the-Waters Communications.
The Company has not distributed any Written Testing-the-Waters Communications other than those listed on Schedule 2-B hereto.
Written Testing-the-Waters Communication means any Testing-the-Waters Communication
that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

2.44
Electronic Road Show. The Company has made available a Bona Fide Electronic Road Show in compliance with Rule 433(d)(8)(ii)
of the Securities Act Regulations such that no filing of any road show (as defined in Rule 433(h) of the
Securities Act Regulations) is required in connection with the Offering.

2.45
Margin Securities. The Company owns no margin securities as that term is defined in Regulation
U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board), and none of
the proceeds of Offering will be used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security, for the
purpose of reducing or retiring any indebtedness which was originally incurred to purchase or carry any margin security or for any other
purpose which might cause any of the Common Stock to be considered a purpose credit within the meanings of
Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board.

2.46
[Reserved].

2.47
Regulatory Filings. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has failed to file with the applicable Governmental Authority any required filing, declaration,
listing, registration, report or submission, except for such failures that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus, all such filings, declarations, listings, registrations, reports or submissions were in material compliance with applicable
laws when filed and no deficiencies have been asserted by any applicable regulatory authority with respect to any such filings, declarations,
listings, registrations, reports or submissions, except for any deficiencies that, individually or in the aggregate, would not result
in a Material Adverse Change.

2.48
[Reserved].

2.49
Environmental Laws. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus,
the Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with any and all applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules, regulations,
decisions and orders relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes,
pollutants or contaminants (collectively, Environmental Laws ); (ii) have received and are in compliance
with all material permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective
businesses as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus; and (iii) have not received
notice of any actual or potential liability for the investigation or remediation of any disposal or release of hazardous or toxic substances
or wastes, pollutants or contaminants, except, in the case of any of clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above, for any such failure to comply
or failure to receive required permits, licenses, other approvals or liability as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.50
Cybersecurity. The Company and its Subsidiaries information technology assets and equipment, computers,
systems, networks, hardware, software, websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT Systems)
are adequate for, and operate and perform in all material respects as required in connection with the operation of the business of the
Company and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted, and, to the knowledge of the Company, free and clear of all material bugs, errors,
defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other corruptants. The Company and its Subsidiaries have implemented commercially reasonable
physical, technical and administrative controls, policies, procedures, and safeguards to maintain and protect their material confidential
information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and data, including Personal Data (as
defined herein), used in connection with their businesses. Personal Data means: (i) a natural persons
name, street address, telephone number, e-mail address, photograph, social security number or tax identification number, drivers
license number, passport number, credit card number, bank information, or customer or account number; (ii) any information which would
qualify as personally identifying information under the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended; (iii) personal
data as defined by GDPR (as defined below); and (iv) any other piece of information that allows the identification of such
natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection or analysis of any data related to an identified persons
health or sexual orientation. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, there
have been no breaches, violations, outages or unauthorized uses of or accesses to same, except for those that have been remedied without
material cost or liability or the duty to notify any other person, nor any incidents under internal review or investigations relating
to the same. The Company and its Subsidiaries are presently in material compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments,
orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations
relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Personal Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Personal Data from
unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification.

2.51
Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries are, and at all prior times were, in material compliance
with all applicable state, federal and foreign data privacy and security laws and regulations (collectively, the Privacy
Laws). To ensure compliance with the Privacy Laws, the Company and its Subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and
take appropriate steps reasonably designed to ensure compliance in all material respects with their policies and procedures relating
to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure, handling, and analysis of Personal Data (the Policies).
The Company and its Subsidiaries have, to the knowledge of the Company, at all times made all disclosures to users or customers required
by applicable laws and regulatory rules or requirements, and none of such disclosures made or contained in any Policy have, to the knowledge
of the Company, been inaccurate or in violation of any applicable laws and regulatory rules or requirements in any material respect.
The Company further certifies that neither it nor any Subsidiary: (i) has received notice of any actual or potential liability under
or relating to, or actual or potential violation of, any of the Privacy Laws, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would
reasonably be expected to result in any such notice; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation,
remediation, or other corrective action pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement that imposes
any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law.

3.
Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees as follows:

3.1
Amendments to Registration Statement. The Company shall deliver to the Representatives, prior to filing, any amendment
or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus proposed to be filed after the Effective Date and not file any such amendment
or supplement to which the Representatives shall reasonably object in writing.

3.2
Federal Securities Laws.

3.2.1.
Compliance. The Company, subject to Section 3.2.2, shall comply with the requirements of Rule 430A of the Securities
Act Regulations, and will notify the Representatives promptly, and confirm the notice in writing: (i) when any post-effective amendment
to the Registration Statement shall become effective or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus shall have been filed; (ii) of
the receipt of any comments from the Commission; (iii) of any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement
or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus or for additional information; (iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order
suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or of any order preventing or suspending the
use of any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Public Securities and Representatives
Warrant for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes or
of any examination pursuant to Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the Securities Act concerning the Registration Statement; and (v) if the Company
becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the Securities Act in connection with the Offering of the Public Securities and
Representatives Warrant. The Company shall effect all filings required under Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act Regulations,
in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)), and shall take such steps as it
deems necessary to ascertain promptly whether the form of prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424(b) was received for filing
by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, it will promptly file such prospectus. The Company shall use its best efforts to
prevent the issuance of any stop order, prevention or suspension and, if any such order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the
earliest possible moment.

3.2.2.
Continued Compliance. The Company shall comply with the Securities Act, the Securities Act Regulations, the Exchange Act and
the Exchange Act Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Public Securities as contemplated in this Agreement
and in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. If at any time when a prospectus relating to the
Public Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule 172 of the Securities Act Regulations (Rule 172),
would be) required by the Securities Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Public Securities, any event shall occur or
condition shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company, to: (i)
amend the Registration Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (ii) amend or
supplement the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order that the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case
may be, will not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein not misleading in light of the circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser; or (iii) amend the Registration
Statement or amend or supplement the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, in order to comply with the requirements
of the Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations, the Company will promptly: (A) give the Representatives notice of such event;
(B) prepare any amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus comply with such requirements and, a reasonable amount of time prior to any proposed
filing or use, furnish the Representatives with copies of any such amendment or supplement; and (C) file with the Commission any such
amendment or supplement; provided that the Company shall not file or use any such amendment or supplement to which the Representatives
or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably object. The Company will furnish to the Underwriters such number of copies of such amendment
or supplement as the Underwriters may reasonably request. The Company has given the Representatives notice of any filings made pursuant
to the Exchange Act or the Exchange Act Regulations within 48 hours prior to the Applicable Time. The Company shall give the Representatives
notice of its intention to make any such filing from the Applicable Time until the later of the Closing Date and the exercise in full
or expiration of the Over-allotment Option specified in Section 1.2 hereof and will furnish the Representatives with copies of
the related document(s) a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing, as the case may be, and will not file or use any such
document to which the Representatives or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably object.

3.2.3.
Exchange Act Registration. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall use its best
efforts to maintain the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act. The Company shall not deregister the Common Stock under
the Exchange Act without the prior written consent of the Representatives, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

3.2.4.
Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Representatives, it
shall not make any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise
constitute a free writing prospectus, or a portion thereof, required to be filed by the Company with the
Commission or retained by the Company under Rule 433; provided that the Representatives shall be deemed to have consented to each Issuer
General Use Free Writing Prospectus hereto and any road show that is a written communication within the meaning
of Rule 433(d)(8)(i) that has been reviewed by the Representatives. The Company represents that it has treated or agrees that it will
treat each such free writing prospectus consented to, or deemed consented to, by the Underwriters as an issuer free writing
prospectus, as defined in Rule 433, and that it has complied and will comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 433
with respect thereto, including timely filing with the Commission where required, legending and record keeping. If at any time following
issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or included or would include
an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in light of the circumstances existing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Underwriters and
will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue
statement or omission.

3.2.5.
Testing-the-Waters Communications. If at any time following the distribution of any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication
there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication included or would
include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances existing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company shall promptly notify the Representatives
and shall promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication to eliminate or correct such
untrue statement or omission.

3.3
Delivery to the Underwriters of Registration Statements. The Company has delivered or made available or shall deliver
or make available to the Representatives and Representative Counsel, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally
filed and each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts,
and upon request, will deliver to the Underwriters, without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed
and each amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The copies of the Registration Statement and each amendment
thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant
to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

3.4
Delivery to the Underwriters of Prospectuses. The Company has delivered or made available or will deliver or make available
to each Underwriter, without charge, as many copies of each Preliminary Prospectus as such Underwriter reasonably requested, and the
Company hereby consents to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the Securities Act. The Company will furnish to each Underwriter,
without charge, during the period when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule
172, would be) required to be delivered under the Securities Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented)
as such Underwriter may reasonably request. The Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will
be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted
by Regulation S-T.

3.5
Effectiveness and Events Requiring Notice to the Representative. The Company shall use its best efforts to cause the
Registration Statement to remain effective with a current prospectus for at least nine (9) months after the Applicable Time, and shall
notify the Representatives immediately and confirm the notice in writing: (i) of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and
any amendment thereto; (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding
for that purpose; (iii) of the issuance by any state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification
of the Public Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that
purpose; (iv) of the mailing and delivery to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or
Prospectus; (v) of the receipt of any comments or request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of the happening
of any event during the period described in this Section 3.5 that, in the judgment of the Company, makes any statement of a material
fact made in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making of any changes
in: (a) the Registration Statement in order to make the statements therein not misleading; or (b) in the Pricing Disclosure Package or
the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If
the Commission or any state securities commission shall enter a stop order or suspend such qualification at any time, the Company shall
use its best efforts to obtain promptly the lifting of such order.

3.6
Review of Financial Statements. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company, at its
expense, shall cause its regularly engaged independent registered public accounting firm to review (but not audit) the Companys
financial statements for each of the three (3) fiscal quarters immediately preceding the announcement of any quarterly financial information.

3.7
Listing. The Company shall use its best efforts to maintain the listing of the Common Stock (including the Public Securities)
on the Exchange for at least three (3) years from the date of this Agreement.

3.8
Financial Public Relations Firm. As of the Effective Date, the Company shall have retained a financial public relations
firm reasonably acceptable to the Representatives and the Company, which firm shall be experienced in assisting issuers in initial public
offerings of securities and in their relations with their security holders, and shall retain such firm or another firm reasonably acceptable
to the Representatives for a period of not less than two (2) years after the Effective Date.

3.9
Reports to the Representatives.

3.9.1.
Periodic Reports, etc. For a period of two (2) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall furnish or make available
to the Representatives copies of such financial statements and other periodic and special reports as the Company from time to time furnishes
generally to holders of any class of its securities and also promptly furnish or make available to the Representatives: (i) a copy of
each periodic report the Company shall be required to file with the Commission under the Exchange Act and the Exchange Act Regulations;
(ii) a copy of every press release and every news item and article with respect to the Company or its affairs which was released by the
Company; (iii) a copy of each Form 8-K prepared and filed by the Company; (iv) a copy of each registration statement filed by the Company
under the Securities Act; and (v) such additional documents and information with respect to the Company and the affairs of any future
Subsidiaries of the Company as the Representatives may from time to time reasonably request; provided the Representatives shall sign,
if requested by the Company, a Regulation FD compliant confidentiality agreement which is reasonably acceptable to the Representatives
and Representative Counsel in connection with the Representatives receipt of such information. Documents filed with the
Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system (or with respect to articles and press releases, posted on the Companys website)
shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Representatives pursuant to this Section 3.9.1.

3.9.2.
Transfer Agent; Transfer Sheets. For a period of one (1) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall retain
a transfer agent and registrar acceptable to the Representatives (the Transfer Agent) and shall furnish
to the Representatives at the Companys sole cost and expense such transfer sheets of the Companys securities
as the Representatives may reasonably request, including the daily and monthly consolidated transfer sheets of the Transfer Agent and
DTC. VStock Transfer LLC is acceptable to the Representatives to act as Transfer Agent for the Common Stock.

3.9.3.
Trading Reports. During such time as the Public Securities are listed on the Exchange, the Company shall provide, if available
and upon the Representatives request, to the Representatives, at the Companys expense, such reports published
by the Exchange relating to price trading of the Public Securities, as the Representatives shall reasonably request. Documents made freely
available by the Exchange through its website shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Representatives pursuant to this Section
3.9.3.

3.10
Payment of Expenses

3.10.1.
General Expenses Related to the Offering. The Company hereby agrees to pay on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing
Date, if any, to the extent not paid at the Closing Date, all expenses incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company
under this Agreement, including, but not limited to: (a) all filing fees and communication expenses relating to the registration of the
Public Securities to be sold in the Offering (including the Option Shares) with the Commission; (b) all Public Filing System filing fees
associated with the review of the Offering by FINRA; (c) all fees and expenses relating to the listing of such Public Securities on the
Exchange and such other stock exchanges as the Company and the Representatives together determine; (d) all fees, expenses and disbursements
relating to background checks of the Companys officers and directors in an amount not to exceed $7,500 in the aggregate;
(e) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration or qualification of the Public Securities under the blue
sky securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions as the Representatives may reasonably designate (including,
without limitation, all filing and registration fees); (f) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration, qualification
or exemption of the Public Securities under the securities laws of such foreign jurisdictions as the Representatives may reasonably designate;
(g) the costs of all mailing and printing of the underwriting documents (including, without limitation, the Underwriting Agreement, any
Blue Sky Surveys and, if appropriate, any Agreement Among Underwriters, Selected Dealers Agreement, Underwriters
Questionnaire and Power of Attorney), Registration Statements, Prospectuses and all amendments, supplements and exhibits thereto and
as many preliminary and final Prospectuses as the Representatives may reasonably deem necessary; (h) the costs and expenses of a financial
public relations firm; (i) the costs of preparing, printing and delivering certificates representing the Public Securities; (j) fees
and expenses of the transfer agent for the Common Stock; (k) stock transfer and/or stamp taxes, if any, payable upon the transfer of
securities from the Company to the Underwriters; (l) the costs associated with one set of bound volumes of the public offering materials
as well as commemorative mementos and lucite tombstones, each of which the Company or its designee shall provide within a reasonable
time after the Closing Date in such quantities as the Representatives may reasonably request; (m) the fees and expenses of the Companys
accountants; (n) the fees and expenses of the Companys legal counsel and other agents and representatives; (o) fees and
expenses of Representative Counsel; (p) the costs associated with the Underwriters use of Ipreos book-building,
prospectus tracking and compliance software for the Offering (up to a maximum of $20,000); and (q) the Underwriters actual
accountable road show expenses. The expenses to be paid by the Company and reimbursed to the Underwriters
(Accountable Out-of-Pocket Expenses) under this Section 3.10.1 shall not exceed $100,000 without
the prior approval of the Company. The Company has advanced an amount of $25,000 (the Advance) to
the Representatives in anticipation of any Accountable Out-of-Pocket Expenses to be incurred by the Representative.

3.10.2.
Non-accountable Expenses. The Company further agrees that, in addition to the expenses payable pursuant to Section 3.10.1,
on the Closing Date it shall pay to the Representatives, by deduction from the net proceeds of the Offering contemplated herein, a non-accountable
expense allowance equal to one percent (1.0%) of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Firm Shares, less the
Advance (as such term is defined in Section 3.10.1 hereof), provided, however, that in the event that the Offering is terminated
under Section 8 hereof, the Company agrees to reimburse the Underwriters pursuant to Section 8.3 hereof.

3.11
Application of Net Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the Offering received by it in a manner
consistent with the application thereof described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

3.12
Delivery of Earnings Statements to Security Holders. The Company shall make generally available to its security holders
as soon as practicable, but not later than the first day of the 15th full calendar month following the date of this Agreement,
an earnings statement (which need not be certified by an independent registered public accounting firm unless required by the Securities
Act or the Securities Act Regulations, but which shall satisfy the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Securities Act)
covering a period of at least 12 consecutive months beginning after the date of this Agreement.

3.13
Stabilization. Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or shareholders (without
the consent of the Representatives) has taken or shall take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or
that might reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under Regulation M of the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation
of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Public Securities.

3.14
Internal Controls. Except to the extent disclosed in the Registration Statement, Pricing Disclosure Package and Prospectus,
the Company shall maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that: (i) transactions
are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary
in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets; (iii) access
to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

3.15
Accountants. As of the date of this Agreement, the Company has retained an independent registered public accounting
firm reasonably acceptable to the Representatives, and the Company shall continue to retain a nationally recognized independent registered
public accounting firm for a period of at least three (3) years after the date of this Agreement. The Representatives acknowledge that
the Auditor is acceptable to the Representatives.

3.16
FINRA. For a period of 90 days from the later of the Closing Date or any Option Closing Date, the Company shall advise
the Representatives (who shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is or becomes aware that: (i) any officer or director of
the Company; (ii) any beneficial owner of 5% or more of any class of the Companys securities prior to the Offering; or
(iii) any beneficial owner of 5% or more of the Companys unregistered equity securities which were acquired during the
180 days immediately preceding the filing of the Registration Statement is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member
participating in the Offering (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA).

3.17
No Fiduciary Duties. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters responsibility to the
Company is solely contractual in nature and that none of the Underwriters or their affiliates or any selling agent shall be deemed to
be acting in a fiduciary capacity, or otherwise owes any fiduciary duty to the Company or any of its affiliates in connection with the
Offering and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

3.18
Company Lock-Up Agreements.

3.18.1.
Restriction on Sales of Capital Stock. The Company, on behalf of itself and any successor entity, agrees that, without the
prior written consent of the Representatives, it will not, for a period of 180 days after the date of this Agreement (the Lock-Up
Period): (i) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or
contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly,
any shares of capital stock of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock
of the Company; (ii) file or cause to be filed any registration statement with the Commission relating to the offering of any shares
of capital stock of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the
Company; or (iii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences
of ownership of capital stock of the Company, whether any such transaction described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) above is to be settled
by delivery of shares of capital stock of the Company or such other securities, in cash or otherwise.

The
restrictions contained in this Section 3.18.1 shall not apply to: (i) the shares of Common Stock to be sold hereunder; (ii) the
issuance by the Company of shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of a stock option or warrant or the conversion of a security outstanding
on the date hereof, which is disclosed in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and Prospectus, provided that such options,
warrants, and securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease
the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities or to extend the term of such securities; or (iii) the issuance
by the Company of stock options, stock based awards, or shares of capital stock of the Company under any equity compensation plan of
the Company, provided that in each of (ii) and (iii) above, the underlying shares shall be restricted from sale during the entire Lock-Up
Period.

3.18.2.
[Reserved].

3.19
Release of D&O Lock-up Period. If the Representatives, in their sole discretion, agree to release or waive the
restrictions set forth in the Lock-Up Agreements described in Section 2.24 hereof for an officer or director of the Company and
provide the Company with notice of the impending release or waiver at least three (3) Business Days before the effective date of the
release or waiver, the Company agrees to announce the impending release or waiver by a press release substantially in the form of Exhibit
C hereto through a major news service at least two (2) Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver.

3.20
Blue Sky Qualifications. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts, in cooperation with the Underwriters, if
necessary, to qualify the Public Securities for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions
(domestic or foreign) as the Representatives may designate with the consent of the Company, and to maintain such qualifications in effect
so long as required to complete the distribution of the Public Securities; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated
to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction
in which it is not so qualified or to subject itself to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not
otherwise so subject.

3.21
Reporting Requirements. The Company, during the period when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities is (or,
but for the exception afforded by Rule 172, would be) required to be delivered under the Securities Act, will file all documents required
to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act within the time periods required by the Exchange Act and Exchange Act Regulations.
Additionally, the Company shall report the use of proceeds from the issuance of the Public Securities as may be required under Rule 463
under the Securities Act Regulations.

3.22
Emerging Growth Company Status. The Company shall promptly notify the Representatives if the Company ceases to be an
Emerging Growth Company at any time prior to the later of: (i) completion of the distribution of the Public Securities within the meaning
of the Securities Act; or (ii) 15 days following the completion of the Lock-Up Period.

4.
Conditions of Underwriters Obligations. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Public
Securities, as provided herein, shall be subject to: (i) the continuing accuracy in all material respects of the representations and
warranties of the Company as of the date hereof and as of each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any; (ii) the accuracy
of the statements of officers of the Company made pursuant to the provisions hereof; (iii) the performance by the Company of its obligations
hereunder; and (iv) the following conditions:

4.1
Regulatory Matters.

4.1.1.
Effectiveness of Registration Statement; Rule 430A Information. The Registration Statement has become effective not later
than 5:30 p.m., Eastern time, on the date of this Agreement or such later date and time as shall be consented to in writing by you, and,
at each of the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or
any post-effective amendment thereto has been issued under the Securities Act, no order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary
Prospectus or the Prospectus has been issued and no proceedings for any of those purposes have been instituted or are pending or, to
the Companys knowledge, contemplated by the Commission. The Company has complied with each request (if any) from the Commission
for additional information. The Prospectus containing the Rule 430A Information shall have been filed with the Commission in the manner
and within the time frame required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)) or a post-effective amendment providing such information
shall have been filed with, and declared effective by, the Commission in accordance with the requirements of Rule 430A.

4.1.2.
FINRA Clearance. On or before the date of this Agreement, the Representatives shall have received clearance from FINRA as
to the amount of compensation allowable or payable to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement.

4.1.3.
Exchange Stock Market Clearance. On the Closing Date, the Common Stock shall have been approved for listing on the Exchange,
subject only to official notice of issuance. On the first Option Closing Date (if any), the Common Stock, including the Option Shares,
shall have been approved for listing on the Exchange, subject only to official notice of issuance.

4.2
Company Counsel Matters.

4.2.1.
Closing Date Opinion of U.S. Securities Counsel. On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received the favorable
opinion of Ellenoff Grossman and Schole LLP, counsel to the Company with respect to certain legal matters as to U.S. federal securities
and New York State law, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Representatives, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
the Representatives.

4.2.2.
Option Closing Date Opinions of Counsel. On the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representatives shall have received the favorable
opinion of Ellenoff Grossman and Schole LLP, dated the Option Closing Date, addressed to the Representatives and in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives, confirming as of the Option Closing Date, the statements made by such counsel in its
opinion delivered on the Closing Date.

4.2.3.
Reliance. In rendering such opinions, such counsel may rely: (i) as to matters involving the application of laws other than
the laws of the United States and jurisdictions in which they are admitted, to the extent such counsel deems proper and to the extent
specified in such opinion, if at all, upon an opinion or opinions (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives)
of other counsel reasonably acceptable to the Representatives, familiar with the applicable laws; and (ii) as to matters of fact, to
the extent they deem proper, on certificates or other written statements of officers of the Company and officers of departments of various
jurisdictions having custody of documents respecting the corporate existence or good standing of the Company, provided that copies of
any such statements or certificates shall be delivered to Representative Counsel if requested.

4.3
Comfort Letters.

4.3.1.
Cold Comfort Letter. At the time this Agreement is executed, you shall have received a cold comfort letter from the Auditor
containing statements and information of the type customarily included in accountants comfort letters with respect to the
financial statements and certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, addressed to the Representatives and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to you and to the Auditor, dated
as of the date of this Agreement.

4.3.2.
Bring-down Comfort Letter. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representatives shall have
received from the Auditor a letter, dated as of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as applicable, to the effect that the Auditor
reaffirms the statements made in the letter furnished pursuant to Section 4.3.1, except that the specified date referred to shall
be a date not more than three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as applicable.

4.4
Officers Certificates.

4.4.1.
Officers Certificate. The Company shall have furnished to the Representatives a certificate, dated the Closing
Date and any Option Closing Date (if such date is other than the Closing Date), of its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial
Officer stating on behalf of the Company and not in an individual capacity that: (i) such officers have carefully examined the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and the Prospectus and, in their opinion, the Registration
Statement and each amendment thereto, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if such date is
other than the Closing Date) did not include any untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein in light of the circumstances under which they were made not misleading,
and the Pricing Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if such date is
other than the Closing Date), any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus as of its date and as of the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date
if such date is other than the Closing Date), the Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto, as of the respective date thereof
and as of the Closing Date, did not include any untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit to state a material fact necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading; (ii) since the effective
date of the Registration Statement, no event has occurred which should have been set forth in a supplement or amendment to the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus; (iii) to the best of their knowledge after reasonable investigation, as
of the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if such date is other than the Closing Date), the representations and warranties of the
Company in this Agreement are true and correct in all material respects and the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied
all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if such
date is other than the Closing Date); and (iv) there has not been, subsequent to the date of the most recent audited financial statements
included or incorporated by reference in the Pricing Disclosure Package, any Material Adverse Change, except as set forth in the Prospectus.

4.4.2.
Secretarys Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representatives
shall have received a certificate of the Company signed by the Secretary of the Company, dated the Closing Date or the Option Date, as
the case may be, respectively, certifying on behalf of the Company and not in an individual capacity: (i) that each of the Charter is
true and complete, has not been modified and is in full force and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board
of Directors relating to the Offering are in full force and effect and have not been modified; (iii) as to the accuracy and completeness
of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and the Commission; and (iv) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company.
The documents referred to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

4.5
No Material Changes. Prior to and on each of the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any: (i) there shall
have been no Material Adverse Change or development involving a prospective Material Adverse Change in the condition or the business
activities, financial or otherwise, of the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (ii) no action, suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been
pending or threatened against the Company or any Insider before or by any court or federal, state or foreign commission, board or other
administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding may reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change,
except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (iii) no stop order shall have
been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; and (iv)
the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain
all material statements which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations
and shall conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations, and neither
the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto shall contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

4.6
Delivery of Agreements.

4.6.1.
Lock-Up Agreements. On or before the date of this Agreement, the Company shall have delivered to the Representatives executed
copies of the Lock-Up Agreements from each of the persons listed in Schedule 3 hereto.

4.6.2.
Representatives Warrant Agreement. On the Closing Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Representatives
executed copies of the Representatives Warrant Agreement.

4.7
Additional Documents. At the Closing Date and at each Option Closing Date (if any) Representative Counsel shall have
been furnished with such documents and opinions as they may require for the purpose of enabling Representative Counsel to deliver an
opinion to the Underwriters, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of
any of the conditions, herein contained; and all proceedings taken by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the Public
Securities and the Representatives Warrant as herein contemplated shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Representatives
and Representative Counsel.

5.
Indemnification.

5.1
Indemnification of the Underwriters.

5.1.1.
General. Subject to the conditions set forth below, the Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its
affiliates and each of its and their respective directors, officers, members, employees, representatives, partners, shareholders, affiliates,
counsel and agents and each person, if any, who controls any such Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act
or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively the Underwriter Indemnified Parties, and each an Underwriter
Indemnified Party), against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including, but not limited
to, any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, commenced
or threatened, or any claim whatsoever, whether arising out of any action between any of the Underwriter Indemnified Parties and the
Company or between any of the Underwriter Indemnified Parties and any third party, or otherwise) to which they or any of them may become
subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other statute or at common law or otherwise or under the laws of foreign countries
(a Claim), arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact contained in: (A) the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, or in
any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or in any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication (as from time to time each may be amended and supplemented);
(B) any materials or information provided to investors by, or with the approval of, the Company in connection with the marketing of the
Offering, including any road show or investor presentations made to investors by the Company (whether in
person or electronically); or (C) any application or other document or written communication (in this Section 5, collectively
called application) executed by the Company or based upon written information furnished by the Company
in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Public Securities and Representatives Warrant under the securities laws thereof
or filed with the Commission, any state securities commission or agency, the Exchange or any other national securities exchange; or the
omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, unless such statement or omission was made in reliance upon,
and in conformity with, the Underwriters Information. With respect to any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue
statement or omission made in the Registration Statement, Pricing Disclosure Package or Prospectus, the indemnity agreement contained
in this Section 5.1.1 shall not inure to the benefit to any Underwriter Indemnified Party to the extent that any loss, liability, claim,
damage or expense of such Underwriter Indemnified Party results from the fact that a copy of the Prospectus was not given or sent to
the person asserting any such loss, liability, claim or damage at or prior to the written confirmation of sale of the Public Securities
to such person as required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations, and if the untrue statement or omission has been
corrected in the Prospectus. The Company also agrees that it will reimburse each Underwriter Indemnified Party for all fees and expenses
(including, but not limited to, any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against
any litigation, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever, whether arising out of any action between any of the Underwriter Indemnified
Parties and the Company or between any of the Underwriter Indemnified Parties and any third party, or otherwise) (collectively, the Expenses),
and further agrees wherever and whenever possible to advance payment of Expenses as they are incurred by an Underwriter Indemnified Party
in investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending any Claim.

5.1.2.
Procedure. If any action is brought against an Underwriter Indemnified Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought against
the Company pursuant to Section 5.1.1, such Underwriter Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing of the
institution of such action and the Company shall assume the defense of such action, including the employment and fees of counsel (subject
to the reasonable approval of such Underwriter Indemnified Party) and payment of actual expenses if an Underwriter Indemnified Party
requests that the Company do so. Such Underwriter Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ its or their own counsel in any such
case, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Company, and shall be advanced by the Company. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, and provided that the Company has timely honored its obligations under Section 5, the Underwriter
Indemnified Party shall not enter into any settlement without the prior written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld) of
the terms of any settlement by the Company. The Company shall not be liable for any settlement of any action effected without its consent
(which shall not be unreasonably withheld). In addition, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Underwriters,
settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate any pending or threatened action in respect
of which advancement, reimbursement, indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not such Underwriter Indemnified
Party is a party thereto) unless such settlement, compromise, consent or termination: (i) includes an unconditional release of each Underwriter
Indemnified Party, acceptable to such Underwriter Indemnified Party, from all liabilities, expenses and claims arising out of such action
for which indemnification or contribution may be sought; and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability
or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any Underwriter Indemnified Party.

5.2
Indemnification of the Company. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, agrees to indemnify and hold harmless
the Company, its directors, its officers who signed the Registration Statement and persons who control the Company within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense
described in the foregoing indemnity from the Company to the several Underwriters, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements
or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions made in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Pricing Disclosure
Package or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or in any application, in reliance upon, and in strict conformity with,
the Underwriters Information. In case any action shall be brought against the Company or any other person so indemnified
based on any Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement
thereto or any application, and in respect of which indemnity may be sought against any Underwriter, such Underwriter shall have the
rights and duties given to the Company, and the Company and each other person so indemnified shall have the rights and duties given to
the several Underwriters by the provisions of Section 5.1.2. The Company agrees promptly to notify the Representatives of the
commencement of any litigation or proceedings against the Company or any of its officers, directors or any person, if any, who controls
the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, in connection with the issuance
and sale of the Public Securities or in connection with the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, or
any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication.

5.3
Contribution.

5.3.1.
Contribution Rights. If the indemnification provided for in this Section 5 shall for any reason be unavailable to or
insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party under Section 5.1 or 5.2 in respect of any loss, claim, damage or liability,
or any action in respect thereof, referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party,
contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in
respect thereof: (i) in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one
hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, from the Offering of the Public Securities; or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i)
above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to
in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, with respect to
the statements or omissions that resulted in such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other
relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other,
with respect to such Offering shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the Offering of the Public
Securities purchased under this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Company, as set forth in the table on the cover
page of the Prospectus, on the one hand, and the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by the Underwriters with respect
to the Public Securities purchased under this Agreement, as set forth in the table on the cover page of the Prospectus, on the other
hand. The relative fault shall be determined by reference to whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the
omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Underwriters, the intent
of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission.
The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 5.3.1
were to be determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method
of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified
party as a result of the loss, claim, damage expense, or liability, or action, investigation or proceeding, referred to above in this
Section 5.3.1 shall be deemed to include, for purposes of this Section 5.3.1, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred
by such indemnified party in connection with investigating, preparing to defend or defending against or appearing as a third party witness
in respect of or otherwise incurred in connection with any such loss, claim, damage, expense, liability, action, investigation or proceeding.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.3.1 in no event shall an Underwriter be required to contribute any amount in
excess of the amount by which the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by such Underwriter with respect to the Offering
of the Public Securities exceeds the amount of any damages that such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such
untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission, act or failure to act. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation
(within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such
fraudulent misrepresentation.

5.3.2.
Contribution Procedure. Within 15 days after receipt by any party to this Agreement (or its representative) of notice of the
commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, such party will, if a claim for contribution in respect thereof is to be made against
another party (a contributing party), notify the contributing party of the commencement thereof, but
the failure to so notify the contributing party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any other party other than
for contribution hereunder. In case any such action, suit or proceeding is brought against any party, and such party notifies a contributing
party or its representative of the commencement thereof within the aforesaid 15 days, the contributing party will be entitled to participate
therein with the notifying party and any other contributing party similarly notified. Any such contributing party shall not be liable
to any party seeking contribution on account of any settlement of any claim, action or proceeding affected by such party seeking contribution
on account of any settlement of any claim, action or proceeding affected by such party seeking contribution without the written consent
of such contributing party. The contribution provisions contained in this Section 5.3.2 are intended to supersede, to the extent
permitted by law, any right to contribution under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise available. Each Underwriters
obligations to contribute as provided in this Section 5.3.2 are several and not joint.

6.
Default by an Underwriter.

6.1
Default Not Exceeding 10% of Firm Shares or Option Shares. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default in its
or their obligations to purchase the Firm Shares or the Option Shares, if the Over-allotment Option is exercised hereunder, and if the
number of the Firm Shares or Option Shares with respect to which such default relates does not exceed in the aggregate ten percent (10%)
of the number of Firm Shares or Option Shares that all Underwriters have agreed to purchase hereunder, then such Firm Shares or Option
Shares to which the default relates shall be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters in proportion to their respective commitments
hereunder.

6.2
Default Exceeding 10% of Firm Shares or Option Shares. In the event that the default addressed in Section 6.1 relates
to more than ten percent (10%) of the Firm Shares or Option Shares, you may in your discretion arrange for yourself or for another party
or parties to purchase such Firm Shares or Option Shares to which such default relates on the terms contained herein. If, within one
(1) Business Day after such default relating to more than ten percent (10%) of the Firm Shares or Option Shares, you do not arrange for
the purchase of such Firm Shares or Option Shares, then the Company shall be entitled to a further period of one (1) Business Day within
which to procure another party or parties satisfactory to you to purchase said Firm Shares or Option Shares on such terms. In the event
that neither you nor the Company arrange for the purchase of the Firm Shares or Option Shares to which a default relates as provided
in this Section 6, this Agreement will automatically be terminated by you or the Company without liability on the part of the
Company (except as provided in Sections 3.10 and 5 hereof) or the several Underwriters (except as provided in Section
5 hereof); provided, however, that if such default occurs with respect to the Option Shares, this Agreement will not terminate as
to the Firm Shares; and provided, further, that nothing herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter of its liability, if any, to the
other Underwriters and to the Company for damages occasioned by its default hereunder.

6.3
Postponement of Closing Date. In the event that the Firm Shares or Option Shares to which the default relates are to
be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters, or are to be purchased by another party or parties as aforesaid, you or the Company
shall have the right to postpone the Closing Date or Option Closing Date for a reasonable period, but not in any event exceeding five
(5) Business Days, in order to effect whatever changes may thereby be made necessary in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package or the Prospectus or in any other documents and arrangements, and the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment to the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus that in the opinion of Representative Counsel may thereby be made necessary.
The term Underwriter as used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section
6 with like effect as if it had originally been a party to this Agreement with respect to such Firm Shares or Option Shares (if any).

7.
Additional Covenants.

7.1
Board Composition and Board Designations. The Company shall ensure that: (i) the qualifications of the persons serving
as members of the Board of Directors and the overall composition of the Board of Directors comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, with the
Exchange Act and with the listing rules of the Exchange or any other national securities exchange, as the case may be, in the event the
Company seeks to have its Common Stock listed on another exchange or quoted on an automated quotation system; and (ii) if applicable,
at least one (1) member of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors qualifies as an audit committee financial expert,
as such term is defined under Regulation S-K and the listing rules of the Exchange.

7.2
[Reserved.]

7.3
Right of First Refusal. Provided that the Firm Shares are sold in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the
Representatives shall have an irrevocable right of first refusal (the Right of First Refusal), for
a period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the earlier of (i) the completion of a Subject Transaction (as defined below) or
(ii) twelve (12) months after the Closing Date (the ROFR Period), to act as lead or joint-lead investment
banker, lead or joint book-runner, and/or lead or joint placement agent, at the Representatives sole and exclusive discretion,
any future public, private equity or debt offering (but excluding traditional secured or unsecured lending transactions from a banking
institution), including an equity linked financing, or for a merger or acquisition transaction (each, a Subject Transaction),
during such ROFR Period, of the Company, or any successor to or Subsidiary of the Company, on terms and conditions customary for the
Representatives for a Subject Transaction. For the avoidance of any doubt, the Company shall not retain, engage or solicit any additional
lead or joint-lead investment banker, book-runner and/or placement agent in a Subject Transaction during the ROFR Period referred to
above without the express written consent of the Representatives.

The
Company shall notify the Representatives of its intention to pursue a Subject Transaction, including the material terms thereof, by providing
written notice thereof by email. If the Representatives fail to exercise their Right of First Refusal with respect to a Subject Transaction
within five (5) Business Days after the mailing of such written notice, then the Representatives shall have no further claim or right
with respect to the Subject Transaction. The Representatives may elect, in their sole and absolute discretion, not to exercise their
Right of First Refusal with respect to a Subject Transaction; provided that any such election by the Representatives shall not adversely
affect the Representatives Right of First Refusal with respect to any other Subject Transaction during the ROFR Period agreed
to above. The terms and conditions of any such engagement shall be set forth in a separate agreement and may be subject to, among other
things, satisfactory completion of due diligence by the Representatives, market conditions, the absence of a material adverse change
to the Companys business, financial condition, approval of the Representatives internal committees and any other conditions
that the Representatives may deem appropriate for a transaction of such nature.

8.
Effective Date of this Agreement and Termination Thereof.

8.1
Effective Date. This Agreement shall become effective when both the Company and the Representatives have executed the
same and delivered counterparts of such signatures to the other party.

8.2
Termination. The Representatives shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to any Closing
Date if: (i) any domestic or international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in your reasonable judgement will
in the immediate future materially disrupt, general securities markets in the United States; (ii) trading on the New York Stock Exchange
or the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC shall have been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been
fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been required by FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other government
authority having jurisdiction; (iii) the United States shall have become involved in a new war or an increase in major hostilities; (iv)
a banking moratorium has been declared by a New York State or federal authority; (v) a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been
declared which materially adversely impacts the United States securities markets; (vi) the Company shall have sustained a material loss
by fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity or malicious act which, whether or not such loss shall
have been insured, will, in your reasonable judgement, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Firm Shares or Option
Shares; (vii) the Company is in material breach of any of its representations, warranties or covenants hereunder; or (viii) the Representatives
shall have become aware after the date hereof of a Material Adverse Change or an adverse material change in general market conditions
that would, in the Representatives reasonable judgment, make it impracticable to proceed with the offering, sale and/or
delivery of the Public Securities or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale of the Public Securities.

8.3
Expenses. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, except in the case of a default by the Underwriters,
pursuant to Section 6.2 above, in the event that this Agreement shall be terminated for any reason whatsoever, within the time
specified herein or any extensions thereof pursuant to the terms herein, the Company shall be obligated to pay to the Underwriters for
all Accountable Out-of-Pocket Expenses contemplated under Section 3.10.1 herein then due and payable (including the reasonable
fees and disbursements of Representative Counsel) up to $100,000, less the Advance of $25,000 already paid to the Representatives. Upon
demand, the Company shall pay the full amount thereof to the Representatives on behalf of the Underwriters; provided, however, that such
expense cap in no way limits or impairs the indemnification and contribution provisions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
any advance received by the Representatives will be promptly returned to the Company to the extent not actually incurred in compliance
with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(4)(A). For the avoidance of any doubt, if this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 6 hereof, the Company
shall have no obligation to reimburse a defaulting Underwriter for any Accountable Out-of-Pocket Expenses (including the fees and expenses
of its counsel) incurred by such defaulting Underwriter in connection with this Agreement and the offering contemplated hereby.

8.4
Survival of Indemnification. Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder
or any termination of this Agreement, and whether or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5
shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be in any way affected by, such election or termination or failure to carry out the
terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

8.5
Representations, Warranties, Agreements to Survive. All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this
Agreement or in certificates of officers of the Company submitted pursuant hereto, shall remain operative and in full force and effect
regardless of: (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or its Affiliates or selling agents, any person controlling
any Underwriter, its officers or directors or any person controlling the Company; or (ii) delivery of and payment for the Public Securities.

9.
Miscellaneous.

9.1
Notices. All communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and shall
be mailed (registered or certified mail, return receipt requested), personally delivered or sent by electronic transmission and confirmed
and shall be deemed given when so delivered or emailed and confirmed (which may be by email) or if mailed, two (2) days after such mailing.

If
to the Representatives:

The
Benchmark Company, LLC

150
East 58th Street, 17th Floor

New
York, NY 10155

Attn: John J. Borer III

Email:
jborer@benchmarkcompany.com

Axiom
Capital Management, Inc.

350
Fifth Avenue, Suite 6740

New
York, NY 10118

Attn:
Eric Miller

Email:
emiller@axiomcapital.com

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Sheppard,
Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP

30
Rockefeller Plaza

New
York, NY 10112

Attn:
Richard Friedman, Esq.

Email:
Rafriedman@sheppardmullin.com

If
to the Company:

Aether
Holdings, Inc.

1441 Broadway, 30th Floor,

New York, NY 10018

Attn: Nicolas Lin

Email:
Nicolaslin@helloaether.com

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Ellenoff
Grossman & Schole LLP

1345 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10105

Attn:
Lawrence A. Rosenbloom, Esq.

Email:
lrosenbloom@egsllp.com

9.2
Headings. The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any
way limit or affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

9.3
Amendment. This Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

9.4
Entire Agreement. This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in
connection with this Agreement) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and
thereof, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter
hereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, it is understood and agreed by the parties hereto that all other terms
and conditions of that certain engagement letter between the Company and Benchmark, dated January 22, 2024, as amended on January 9,
2025, shall remain in full force and effect.

9.5
Binding Effect. This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representatives,
the Underwriters, the Company and the controlling persons, directors and officers referred to in Section 5 hereof, and their respective
successors, legal representatives, heirs and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right,
remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained. The term successors
and assigns shall not include a purchaser, in its capacity as such, of securities from any of the Underwriters.

9.6
Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Trial by Jury. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflict of laws principles thereof. The Company hereby
agrees that any action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of, or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and
enforced in the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
(the Specified Courts), and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be
exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.
Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 9.1 hereof. Such mailing shall
be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any action, proceeding or claim. The Company agrees that
the prevailing party(ies) in any such action shall be entitled to recover from the other party(ies) all of its reasonable attorneys
fees and expenses relating to such action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor. The Company (on
its behalf and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, on behalf of its stockholders and affiliates) and each of the Underwriters
hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. =

9.7
Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement,
and shall become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other
parties hereto. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or email/pdf transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient
delivery thereof.

9.8
Waiver, etc. The failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not
be deemed or construed to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way affect the validity of this Agreement or any provision
hereof or the right of any of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach,
non-compliance or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument
executed by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance
or non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

[Signature Page Follows]

If
the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Underwriters and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided
below for that purpose, whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between us.

Very truly yours,

AETHER HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Nicolas Lin 

Name: Nicolas Lin

Title: 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Confirmed as of the date first written above mentioned, on behalf of itself and as Representatives of the several Underwriters named on Schedule 1 hereto: 

THE BENCHMARK COMPANY, LLC 

By: /s/ John J. Borer 

Name: 

John J. Borer

Title: 

Senior Managing Director

AXIOM
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 

By: /s/ Liam Dalton 

Name:

Liam Dalton 

Title:

CEO 

SCHEDULE 1

Underwriter 

Total Number of

Firm Shares to be Purchased Number of Additional Option Shares to be Purchased if the Over-Allotment Option is Fully Exercised

The Benchmark Company, LLC 900,000 135,000 

Axiom Capital Management, Inc. 900,000 135,000 

TOTAL 1,800,000 270,000 

SCHEDULE 2-A

Pricing Information

Number of Firm Shares: 1,800,000

Number of Option Shares: 270,000

Public Offering Price per Firm Share: $4.30

Public Offering Price per Option Share: $4.30

Underwriting Discount per Firm Share: $0.301

Underwriting Discount per Option Share: $0.301

Proceeds to Company per Firm Share (before expenses): $3.999

Proceeds to Company per Option Share (before expenses): $3.999

SCHEDULE 2-C

Written Testing-the-Waters Communications

(See attached)

SCHEDULE 3

List of Lock-Up Parties

1. Nicolas Lin

2. Suresh R. Iyer

3. Jaclyn Mang Hei Wu 

4. David Chi Ching Ho

5. Hao Hu

6. Justin Peter Molander

7. David Mandel

8. Timothy William Murphy

9. Elixir Technology Inc.

10. Up and Up Ventures Limited

11. Greentown Investments Corporation Limited

12. Li Minghan 

EXHIBIT A

Form of Representatives Warrant Agreement

(See attached)

Form of Representatives Warrant Agreement

THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS
PURCHASE WARRANT BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER OR ASSIGN THIS PURCHASE WARRANT EXCEPT AS HEREIN PROVIDED
AND THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE WARRANT AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER, ASSIGN, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATE THIS PURCHASE
WARRANT FOR A PERIOD OF 180 DAYS FOLLOWING THE CLOSING DATE (DEFINED BELOW) TO ANYONE OTHER THAN: (I) THE BENCHMARK COMPANY, LLC/ AXIOM
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC.], OR AN UNDERWRITER OR A SELECTED DEALER IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFERING; OR (II) A BONA FIDE OFFICER OR PARTNER
OF [THE BENCHMARK COMPANY, LLC INC./ AXIOM CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC.] OR OF ANY SUCH UNDERWRITER OR SELECTED DEALER.

THIS PURCHASE WARRANT IS NOT EXERCISABLE
PRIOR TO OCTOBER 6, 2025 [DATE THAT IS 180 DAYS FROM THE CLOSING DATE OF THE OFFERING]. VOID AFTER 5:00 P.M., EASTERN TIME, APRIL
9, 2030 [DATE THAT IS FIVE YEARS FROM THE COMMENCEMENT OF SALES IN THE OFFERING].

WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK 

AETHER HOLDINGS, INC.

Warrant Shares: _______ 

Initial Exercise Date: October [11], 2025

THIS WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON
STOCK (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
October 11, 2025 (the Initial Exercise Date) and, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(A), prior to at 5:00 p.m.
(New York time) on April 9, 2030 (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Aether
Holdings, Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company), up to ______ shares
of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock), of the Company (the Warrant
Shares), as subject to adjustment hereunder. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal
to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Business Day
means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking
institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock
Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire Common Stock.

Closing Date
means the hour and date of delivery and payment for the Firm Shares (as defined in the Underwriting Agreement).

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading Day
means a day on which a Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or
any successors to any of the foregoing).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock then listed or quoted
on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the
Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on the OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock is then reported in the Pink Sheets
published by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent
bid price per share of Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of the Common Stock as determined by
an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Underwriting
Agreement means the Underwriting Agreement entered into as of April 9, 2025 between the Company and the Holder.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise of the purchase
rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on
or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by notice
in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company) of a duly executed facsimile copy
(or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise Form annexed hereto. Within one (1) Trading Day following the date of exercise as aforesaid,
the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or
cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2 below is specified
in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other
type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder
shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available
hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation
within five (5) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting
in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding
number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and
the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver
any objection to any Notice of Exercise Form within two (2) Business Days of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by
acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion
of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the
amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise Price.
The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $_______1,
subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c) Cashless Exercise.
In lieu of exercising this Warrant by delivering the aggregate Exercise Price by wire transfer or cashiers check, at the election
of the Holder this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which
the Holder shall be entitled to receive the number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable:
(i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1)
both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule
600(b)(64) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day; (ii) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately
preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours
on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading
hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof; or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise
if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise
Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number
of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were
by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

1
[]% of the initial public offering price of the Firm Shares.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and
the holding period of the Warrants being exercised may be tacked on to the holding period of the Warrant Shares. The Company agrees not
to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to this
Section 2(c).

d) Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery of Warrant
Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by its transfer agent to the
Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through
its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either:
(A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder;
or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144 and,
in either case, the Warrant Shares have been sold by the Holder prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as defined below), and otherwise
by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for
the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice
of Exercise by the date that is one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant
Share Delivery Date), provided that if the Notice of Exercise is received by the Company after 4:00 p.m. New York City time
on a Trading Day or on a date that is not a Trading Day, the Warrant Share Delivery Date shall be the date that is two (2) Trading Days
after the date on which the Notice of Exercise was delivered to the Company. If the Warrant Shares can be delivered via DWAC, the transfer
agent shall have received from the Company, at the expense of the Company, any legal opinions or other documentation required by it to
deliver such Warrant Shares without legend (subject to receipt by the Company of reasonable back up documentation from the Holder, including
with respect to affiliate status) and, if applicable and requested by the Company prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the transfer
agent shall have received from the Holder a confirmation of sale of the Warrant Shares (provided the requirement of the Holder to provide
a confirmation as to the sale of Warrant Shares shall not be applicable to the issuance of unlegended Warrant Shares upon a cashless exercise
of this Warrant if the Warrant Shares are then eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144(b)(1)). The Warrant Shares shall be deemed to
have been issued, and Holder or any other person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of
such shares for all purposes, as of the date the Warrant has been exercised, with payment to the Company of the Exercise Price (or by
cashless exercise, if permitted) and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant to Section 2(d)(vi) prior to
the issuance of such shares, having been paid. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject
to a Notice of Exercise by the second (2nd) Trading Day following the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to
the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on
the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day
on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after the second (2nd)
Trading Day following such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise.

ii. Delivery of New
Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon
surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the
rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission Rights.
If the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the
Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise; provided, however, that the Holder
shall be required to return any Warrant Shares or Common Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently with the return
to Holder of the aggregate Exercise Price paid to the Company for such Warrant Shares and the restoration of Holders right to acquire
such Warrant Shares pursuant to this Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant
Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise)
or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of
the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall:
(A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions,
if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that
the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order
giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed; and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant
and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded)
or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise
and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000
to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of the shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such
purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder
$1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and,
upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other
remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive
relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver the shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required
pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No Fractional
Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As
to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election,
either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or
round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges, Taxes
and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition
thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all transfer agent
fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing
corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing of Books.
The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant
to the terms hereof.

viii. Signature.
This Section 2 and the exercise form attached hereto set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Holder in order to
exercise this Purchase Warrant. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original exercise form shall be required, nor shall any
medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any exercise form be required in order to exercise this Purchase Warrant.
No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Holder to exercise this Purchase Warrant (except
as may be set forth herein). The Company shall honor exercises of this Purchase Warrant and shall deliver Shares underlying this Purchase
Warrant in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth herein.

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after
exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons
acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon: (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties; and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the
extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in
relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant
is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any
group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder
may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in: (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report
filed with the Commission, as the case may be; (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company; or (C) a more recent written notice
by the Company or the Companys transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written
or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two (2) Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares
of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect
to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties
since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the shares of Common Stock upon exercise
of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions
of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section
2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership
Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations
contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock Dividends
and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution
or distributions on its shares of Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which,
for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant); (ii) subdivides
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares; (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding
shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares; or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of Common Stock any shares of capital
stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number
of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this
Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment
made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders
entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision,
combination or re-classification. For the purposes of clarification, the Exercise Price of this Warrant will not be adjusted in the event
that the Company or any subsidiary thereof, as applicable, sells or grants any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice,
or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any shares of Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, at an effective price per share less than the Exercise Price then in effect.

b) [RESERVED]

c) Subsequent Rights
Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells
any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any
class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms
applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the shares
of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without
limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale
of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of the shares of Common Stock are to
be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to
participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall
not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result
of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time,
if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d) Pro Rata Distributions.
During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend (other than cash dividends) or other
distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise
(including, without limitation, any distribution of shares or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however,
to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership
of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance
for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the time of such Distribution, such portion
of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised this Warrant.

e) Fundamental Transaction.
If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects
any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person; (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease,
license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related
transactions; (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person)
is completed pursuant to which holders of shares of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities,
cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock; (iv) the Company, directly
or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the shares of Common
Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the shares of Common Stock are effectively converted into or exchanged for other
securities, cash or property; or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share
purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme
of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares
of Common Stock (not including any outstanding shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or
associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination)
(each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right
to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental
Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the
number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and
any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable by holders of shares of Common Stock as a result
of such Fundamental Transaction for each share of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental
Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise,
the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of
Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion
the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components
of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of shares of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be
received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon
any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction
in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the
Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and
shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by
a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares
of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon
exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and
with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative
value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number
of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately
prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder.
Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and
after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant referring to the Company shall refer instead
to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company
under this Warrant with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.
For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g) Notice to Holder.

i. Adjustment to
Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice to Allow
Exercise by Holder. If: (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the shares of Common
Stock; (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the shares of Common Stock; (C) the Company
shall authorize the granting to all holders of the shares of Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights; (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the shares of Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer
of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the shares of Common Stock are converted
into other securities, cash or property; or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email a notice to the Holder
at its last address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record
or effective date hereinafter specified, stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the shares of Common Stock of record
to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the shares of Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash or
other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure
to provide such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice.
To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any
of its subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The
Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of
the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), neither this Warrant nor any Warrant Shares issued upon exercise of this Warrant shall be sold, transferred,
assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction that would result
in the effective economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of effectiveness
or commencement of sales of the offering pursuant to which this Warrant is being issued, except the transfer of any security:

i. by operation of law
or by reason of reorganization of the Company;

ii. to any FINRA member
firm participating in the offering and the officers or partners thereof, if all securities so transferred remain subject to the lock-up
restriction in this Section 4(a) for the remainder of the time period;

iii. if the aggregate
amount of securities of the Company held by the Holder or related person do not exceed 1% of the securities being offered;

iv. that is beneficially
owned on a pro-rata basis by all equity owners of an investment fund, provided that no participating member manages or otherwise directs
investments by the fund, and participating members in the aggregate do not own more than 10% of the equity in the fund; or

v. the exercise or conversion
of any security, if all securities received remain subject to the lock-up restriction in this Section 4(a) for the remainder of
the time period.

Subject to the foregoing
restriction, any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d), this Warrant and all rights hereunder
(including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the
principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form
attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making
of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants
in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment,
and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly
be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company
within three (3) Trading Days of the date the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant,
if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new
Warrant issued.

b) New Warrants.
This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together
with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent
or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be
identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant Register.
The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register),
in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the
absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual
notice to the contrary.

d) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Registration Rights.
The Company has filed the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284081) with the Commission, which has been declared effective,
and registers the underlying Warrant Shares of the Warrant(s) granted to the Holder(s) in connection with the Offering, under the terms
of the Underwriting Agreement

5.1. Demand Registration.

5.1.1 Grant of Right.
The Company, upon written demand (a Demand Notice) of the Holder(s) of at least 51% of the Warrants and/or the underlying
Warrant Shares (Majority Holders), agrees to register, on one occasion, all or any portion of the Warrant Shares
underlying the Warrants (collectively, the Registrable Securities). On such occasion, the Company will file a registration
statement with the Commission covering the Registrable Securities within 60 days after receipt of a Demand Notice and use its reasonable
best efforts to have the registration statement declared effective promptly thereafter, subject to compliance with review by the Commission;
provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to comply with a Demand Notice if the Company has filed a registration statement
with respect to which the Holder is entitled to piggyback registration rights pursuant to Section 5.2 hereof and either: (i) the
Holder has elected to participate in the offering covered by such registration statement; or (ii) if such registration statement relates
to an underwritten primary offering of securities of the Company, until the offering covered by such registration statement has been withdrawn
or until 30 days after such offering is consummated. The demand for registration may be made at any time beginning on the Initial Exercise
Date and expiring on the fifth anniversary of the commencement date of sales in the Offering. The Company covenants and agrees to give
written notice of its receipt of any Demand Notice by any Holder(s) to all other registered Holders of the Warrants and/or the Registrable
Securities within ten (10) days after the date of the receipt of any such Demand Notice.

5.1.2 Terms. The Company
shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to the registration of the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 5.1.1, but the
Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent them
in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. The Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to cause the filing required
herein to become effective promptly and to qualify or register the Registrable Securities in such States as are reasonably requested by
the Holder(s); provided, however, that in no event shall the Company be required to register the Registrable Securities in a State in
which such registration would cause: (i) the Company to be obligated to register or license to do business in such State or submit to
general service of process in such State; or (ii) the principal shareholders of the Company to be obligated to escrow their shares of
capital stock of the Company. The Company shall cause any registration statement filed pursuant to the demand right granted under Section
5.1.1 to remain effective for a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months after the date that the registration statement is
declared effective. The Holders shall only use the prospectuses provided by the Company to sell the Warrant Shares covered by such registration
statement and will immediately cease to use any prospectus furnished by the Company if the Company advises the Holder that such prospectus
may no longer be used due to a material misstatement or omission. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.1.2, the Holder
shall be entitled to a demand registration under this Section 5.1.2 on only one (1) occasion and such demand registration right
shall terminate on the fifth anniversary of the date of the Underwriting Agreement (as defined below) in accordance with FINRA Rules 5110(g)(8)(B)
and 5110(g)(8)(C).

5.2 Piggy-Back Registration.

5.2.1 Grant of Right.
In addition to the demand right of registration described in Section 5.1 hereof, the Holder shall have the right, for a period
of no more than two (2) years from the Initial Exercise Date in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(D), to include the Registrable Securities
as part of any other registration of securities filed by the Company (other than in connection with a transaction contemplated by Rule
145(a) promulgated under the Securities Act or pursuant to Form S-8 or any equivalent form); provided, however, that if, solely in connection
with any primary underwritten public offering for the account of the Company, the managing underwriter(s) thereof shall, in its reasonable
discretion, impose a limitation on the number of Shares which may be included in the Registration Statement because, in such underwriter(s)
judgment, marketing or other factors dictate such limitation is necessary to facilitate public distribution, then the Company shall be
obligated to include in such Registration Statement only such limited portion of the Registrable Securities with respect to which the
Holder requested inclusion hereunder as the underwriter shall reasonably permit. Any exclusion of Registrable Securities shall be made
pro rata among the Holders seeking to include Registrable Securities in proportion to the number of Registrable Securities sought to be
included by such Holders; provided, however, that the Company shall not exclude any Registrable Securities unless the Company has first
excluded all outstanding securities, the holders of which are not entitled to inclusion of such securities in such Registration Statement
or are not entitled to pro rata inclusion with the Registrable Securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, the Company shall not
be required to register any Warrant Shares pursuant to this Section 5.2 that are eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144 (without volume
restrictions or current public information requirements) or that are subject of a then effective registration statement that is available
for resales or other dispositions by such Holder.

5.2.2 Terms. The Company
shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 5.2.1 hereof, but the
Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent them
in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. In the event of such a proposed registration, the Company shall furnish the
then Holders of outstanding Registrable Securities with not less than ten (10) days written notice prior to the proposed date of filing
of such registration statement. Such notice to the Holders shall continue to be given for each registration statement filed by the Company
during the two (2) year period following the Initial Exercise Date until such time as all of the Registrable Securities have been sold
by the Holder. The holders of the Registrable Securities shall exercise the piggy-back rights provided for herein by giving
written notice within five (5) days of the receipt of the Companys notice of its intention to file a registration statement. Except
as otherwise provided in this Warrant, there shall be no limit on the number of times the Holder may request registration under this Section
5.2.2; provided, however, that such registration rights shall terminate on the second anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date.

Section 6. Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights as Stockholder
Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as
a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i). Without limiting any rights of a Holder
to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss, Theft, Destruction
or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the
loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or
destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the posting
of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver
a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays, Sundays,
Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein
shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

d) Authorized Shares.

The Company covenants that,
during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the
necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the shares of Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant
Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights
represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes
in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the extent
as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will: (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior
to such increase in par value; (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and
legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant; and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary
to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any action
which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the
Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the underwriting agreement, dated April 9, 2025, by and between the Company and The Benchmark Company, LLC and
Axiom Capital Management, Inc. as representatives of the underwriters set forth therein (the Underwriting Agreement).

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver and
Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver
of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant
or the Underwriting Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results
in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and
expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder
in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices. Any
notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in accordance
with the notice provisions of the Underwriting Agreement.

i) Limitation of
Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any shares of Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors
of the Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors and
Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit
of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions
of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder
or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

AETHER HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Nicolas Lin

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO:
AETHER HOLDINGS, INC.

_________________________

(1) The undersigned hereby elects
to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant, and tenders herewith payment of the
exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form
of (check applicable box):

[ ] in lawful money of the United States;
or

[ ] if permitted the cancellation of such
number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect
to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please register and issue said
Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number or by physical delivery of a certificate to:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: __________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: _____________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing warrant, execute

this form and supply required information.

Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, [____] all of
or [_______] shares of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to:

_______________________________________________ whose
address is

_______________________________________________________________.

_______________________________________________________________

Dated: ______________,
_______

Holders Signature: _____________________________

Holders Address: _____________________________

_____________________________

NOTE: The signature to this Assignment Form must correspond
with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. Officers of corporations
and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper evidence of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant.

EXHIBIT B

Form of Lock-Up Agreement

(See attached)

Lock-Up
Agreement

__,
2025

The
Benchmark Company, LLC

150
E. 58th Street, 17th Floor

New
York, NY 10155

Axiom
Capital Management, Inc.

350
Fifth Avenue, Suite 6740

New
York, NY 10118

As
Representatives of the several Underwriters named on Schedule 1 to the Underwriting Agreement referenced below.

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

The
undersigned understands that The Benchmark Company, LLC (Benchmark) and Axiom Capital Management, Inc. (Axiom
and together with Benchmark, collectively hereinafter referred to as the Representatives), propose to enter into
an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with Aether Holdings, Inc., a corporation formed under the
laws of the State of Delaware (collectively with its subsidiaries and affiliates the Company), providing for the
initial public offering (the Public Offering) of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (the Common
Stock). 

To
induce the Representatives to continue their efforts in connection with the Public Offering, the undersigned hereby agrees that, without
the prior written consent of the Representatives, the undersigned will not, during the period commencing on the date hereof and ending
on the date which is one hundred eighty (180) days after the date of the Underwriting Agreement relating to the Public Offering (the
Lock-Up Period), (1) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, grant, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly
or indirectly, any Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock, whether now owned
or hereafter acquired by the undersigned or with respect to which the undersigned has or hereafter acquires the power of disposition
(collectively, the Lock-Up Securities); (2) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another,
in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Lock-Up Securities, whether any such transaction described
in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled by delivery of Lock-Up Securities, in cash or otherwise; (3) make any demand for or exercise
any right with respect to the registration of any Lock-Up Securities; or (4) publicly disclose the intention to make any offer, sale,
pledge or disposition, or to enter into any transaction, swap, hedge or other arrangement relating to any Lock-Up Securities. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, and subject to the conditions below, the undersigned may transfer Lock-Up Securities without the prior written consent
of the Representatives in connection with (a) transactions relating to Lock-Up Securities acquired in open market transactions after
the completion of the Public Offering; provided that no filing under Section 13 or Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or other public announcement shall be required or shall be voluntarily made
in connection with subsequent sales of Lock-Up Securities acquired in such open market transactions; (b) transfers of Lock-Up Securities
as a bona fide gift, by will or intestacy or to a family member or trust for the benefit of the undersigned or a family member
(for purposes of this lock-up agreement, family member means any relationship by blood, marriage or adoption, not more
remote than first cousin); (c) transfers of Lock-Up Securities to a charity or educational institution; (d) if the undersigned is a corporation,
partnership, limited liability company or other business entity, (i) any transfers of Lock-Up Securities to another corporation, partnership
or other business entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the undersigned or (ii) distributions of Lock-Up
Securities to members, partners, stockholders, subsidiaries or affiliates (as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended) of the undersigned; (e) if the undersigned is a trust, to a trustee or beneficiary of the trust; provided
that in the case of any transfer pursuant to the foregoing clauses (b), (c) (d) or (e), (i) any such transfer shall not involve a disposition
for value, (ii) each transferee shall sign and deliver to the Representatives a lock-up agreement substantially in the form of this lock-up
agreement and (iii) no filing under Section 13 or Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act or other public announcement shall be required or
shall be voluntarily made; (f) the receipt by the undersigned from the Company of Common Stock upon the vesting of restricted stock awards
or stock units or upon the exercise of options to purchase the Companys Common Stock issued under an equity incentive plan of
the Company or an employment or consulting arrangement (the Plan Shares) or the transfer of Common Stock or any
securities convertible into Common Stock to the Company upon a vesting event of the Companys securities or upon the exercise of
options to purchase the Companys securities, in each case on a cashless or net exercise basis or to
cover tax obligations of the undersigned in connection with such vesting or exercise, but only to the extent such right expires during
the Lock-up Period, provided that no filing under Section 13 or Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act or other public announcement
shall be required or shall be voluntarily made within one hundred eighty (180) days after the date of the Underwriting Agreement, and
after such one hundred eighty (180) days, if the undersigned is required to file a report under Section 13 or Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership of Common Stock during the Lock-Up Period, the undersigned shall include a statement
in such schedule or report to the effect that the purpose of such transfer was in connection with a cashless or net
exercise of the security or to cover tax withholding obligations of the undersigned in connection with such vesting or exercise
and, provided further, that the Plan Shares shall be subject to the terms of this lock-up agreement; (g) the transfer of Lock-Up
Securities pursuant to agreements described in the Pricing Prospectus under which the Company has the option to repurchase such securities
or a right of first refusal with respect to the transfer of such securities, provided that if the undersigned is required to file
a report under Section 13 or Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership of Common Stock during the
Lock-Up Period, the undersigned shall include a statement in such schedule or report describing the purpose of the transaction; (h) the
establishment of a trading plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act for the transfer of Lock-Up Securities, provided
that (1) such plan does not provide for the transfer of Lock-Up Securities during the Lock-Up Period and (2) to the extent a public announcement
or filing under the Exchange Act, if any, is required of or voluntarily made by or on behalf of the undersigned or the Company regarding
the establishment of such plan, such public announcement or filing shall include a statement to the effect that no transfer of Lock-Up
Securities may be made under such plan during the Lock-Up Period; (i) the conversion of the outstanding preferred stock of the Company
into Common Stock, provided that such Common Stock remain subject to the terms of this agreement; (j) the transfer of Lock-Up Securities
that occurs by operation of law, such as pursuant to a qualified domestic order or in connection with a divorce settlement, provided
that the transferee agrees to sign and deliver a lock-up agreement substantially in the form of this lock-up agreement for the balance
of the Lock-Up Period, and provided further, that any filing under Section 13 or Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act that is required
to be made during the Lock-Up Period as a result of such transfer shall include a statement that such transfer has occurred by operation
of law; and (k) the transfer of Lock-Up Securities pursuant to a bona fide third party tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar
transaction made to all holders of the Common Stock involving a change of control (as defined below) of the Company after the closing
of the Public Offering and approved by the Companys board of directors; provided that in the event that the tender offer,
merger, consolidation or other such transaction is not completed, the Lock-Up Securities owned by the undersigned shall remain subject
to the restrictions contained in this lock-up agreement. For purposes of clause (k) above, change of control shall mean
the consummation of any bona fide third party tender offer, merger, amalgamation, consolidation or other similar transaction the result
of which is that any person (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), or group of persons, becomes the beneficial
owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the Exchange Act) of a majority of total voting power of the voting stock of the Company.
The undersigned also agrees and consents to the entry of stop transfer instructions with the Companys transfer agent and registrar
against the transfer of the undersigneds Lock-Up Securities except in compliance with this lock-up agreement.

The
undersigned agrees that, prior to engaging in any transaction or taking any other action that is subject to the terms of this lock-up
agreement during the period from the date hereof to and including the expiration of the Lock-Up Period, the undersigned will give notice
thereof to the Company and will not consummate any such transaction or take any such action unless it has received written confirmation
from the Company that the Lock-Up Period has expired.

If
the undersigned is an officer or director of the Company, (i) the undersigned agrees that the foregoing restrictions shall be equally
applicable to any issuer-directed Securities that the undersigned may purchase in the Public Offering; (ii) the Representatives agree
that, at least three (3) business days before the effective date of any release or waiver of the foregoing restrictions in connection
with a transfer of Lock-Up Securities, the Representatives will notify the Company of the impending release or waiver; and (iii) the
Company has agreed in the Underwriting Agreement to announce the impending release or waiver by press release through a major news service
at least two (2) business days before the effective date of the release or waiver. Any release or waiver granted by the Representatives
hereunder to any such officer or director shall only be effective two (2) business days after the publication date of such press release.
The provisions of this paragraph will not apply if (a) the release or waiver is effected solely to permit a transfer of Lock-Up Securities
not for consideration and (b) the transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by the same terms described in this lock-up agreement
to the extent and for the duration that such terms remain in effect at the time of such transfer.

The
undersigned understands that the Company and the Representatives are relying upon this lock-up agreement in proceeding toward consummation
of the Public Offering. The undersigned further understands that this lock-up agreement is irrevocable and shall be binding upon the
undersigneds heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns.

The
undersigned understands that, if the Underwriting Agreement is not executed by _________, 2025, or if the Underwriting Agreement (other
than the provisions thereof which survive termination) shall terminate or be terminated prior to payment for and delivery of the Common
Stock to be sold thereunder, then this lock-up agreement shall be void and of no further force or effect.

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS]

Whether
or not the Public Offering actually occurs depends on a number of factors, including market conditions. Any Public Offering will only
be made pursuant to an Underwriting Agreement, the terms of which are subject to negotiation between the Company and the Representatives.

Delivery
of a signed copy of this lock-up agreement by facsimile, electronic signature or e-mail/.pdf transmission shall be effective as the delivery
of the original hereof.

This
lock-up agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

Very
truly yours,

(Name
- Please Print)

(Signature)

(Name
of Signatory, in the case of entities - Please Print)

(Title
of Signatory, in the case of entities - Please Print)

Address: 

[SIGNATURE
PAGE TO LOCK-UP AGREEMENT]

EXHIBIT C

Form of Press Release

AETHER HOLDINGS, INC.

[Date]

Aether Holdings, Inc. (the Company)
announced today that The Benchmark Company, LLC and Axiom Capital Management, Inc., acting as representatives for the underwriters in
the Companys recent public offering of _______ shares of common stock of the Company, are [waiving] [releasing] a lock-up restriction
with respect to _________ shares of common stock of the Company held by [certain officers or directors] [an officer or director] of the
Company. The [waiver] [release] will take effect on _________, 20___, and the shares of common stock may be sold on or after such date.

This press release is not an offer or sale of the
securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction where such offer or sale is prohibited, and such securities may not be offered
or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

Form of Representatives Warrant Agreement

THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS
PURCHASE WARRANT BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER OR ASSIGN THIS PURCHASE WARRANT EXCEPT AS HEREIN PROVIDED
AND THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE WARRANT AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER, ASSIGN, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATE THIS PURCHASE
WARRANT FOR A PERIOD OF 180 DAYS FOLLOWING THE CLOSING DATE (DEFINED BELOW) TO ANYONE OTHER THAN: (I) THE BENCHMARK COMPANY, LLC/ AXIOM
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC.], OR AN UNDERWRITER OR A SELECTED DEALER IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFERING; OR (II) A BONA FIDE OFFICER OR PARTNER
OF [THE BENCHMARK COMPANY, LLC INC./ AXIOM CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC.] OR OF ANY SUCH UNDERWRITER OR SELECTED DEALER.

THIS PURCHASE WARRANT IS NOT EXERCISABLE
PRIOR TO OCTOBER 6, 2025 [DATE THAT IS 180 DAYS FROM THE CLOSING DATE OF THE OFFERING]. VOID AFTER 5:00 P.M., EASTERN TIME, APRIL
9, 2030 [DATE THAT IS FIVE YEARS FROM THE COMMENCEMENT OF SALES IN THE OFFERING].

WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK 

AETHER HOLDINGS, INC.

Warrant Shares: _______ 

Initial Exercise Date: October [6], 2025

THIS WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON
STOCK (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
October 11, 2025 (the Initial Exercise Date) and, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(A), prior to at 5:00 p.m.
(New York time) on April 9, 2030 (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Aether
Holdings, Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company), up to ______ shares
of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock), of the Company (the Warrant
Shares), as subject to adjustment hereunder. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal
to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Business Day
means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking
institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock
Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire Common Stock.

Closing Date
means the hour and date of delivery and payment for the Firm Shares (as defined in the Underwriting Agreement).

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading Day
means a day on which a Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or
any successors to any of the foregoing).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock then listed or quoted
on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the
Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on the OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock is then reported in the Pink Sheets
published by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent
bid price per share of Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of the Common Stock as determined by
an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Underwriting
Agreement means the Underwriting Agreement entered into as of April 9, 2025 between the Company and the Holder.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise of the purchase
rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on
or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by notice
in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company) of a duly executed facsimile copy
(or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise Form annexed hereto. Within one (1) Trading Day following the date of exercise as aforesaid,
the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or
cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2 below is specified
in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other
type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder
shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available
hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation
within five (5) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting
in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding
number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and
the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver
any objection to any Notice of Exercise Form within two (2) Business Days of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by
acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion
of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the
amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise Price.
The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $_______1,
subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c) Cashless Exercise.
In lieu of exercising this Warrant by delivering the aggregate Exercise Price by wire transfer or cashiers check, at the election
of the Holder this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which
the Holder shall be entitled to receive the number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable:
(i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1)
both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule
600(b)(64) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day; (ii) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately
preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours
on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading
hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof; or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise
if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise
Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number
of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were
by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

1
[]% of the initial public offering price of the Firm Shares.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and
the holding period of the Warrants being exercised may be tacked on to the holding period of the Warrant Shares. The Company agrees not
to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to this
Section 2(c).

d) Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery of Warrant
Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by its transfer agent to the
Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through
its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either:
(A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder;
or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144 and,
in either case, the Warrant Shares have been sold by the Holder prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as defined below), and otherwise
by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for
the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice
of Exercise by the date that is one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant
Share Delivery Date), provided that if the Notice of Exercise is received by the Company after 4:00 p.m. New York City time
on a Trading Day or on a date that is not a Trading Day, the Warrant Share Delivery Date shall be the date that is two (2) Trading Days
after the date on which the Notice of Exercise was delivered to the Company. If the Warrant Shares can be delivered via DWAC, the transfer
agent shall have received from the Company, at the expense of the Company, any legal opinions or other documentation required by it to
deliver such Warrant Shares without legend (subject to receipt by the Company of reasonable back up documentation from the Holder, including
with respect to affiliate status) and, if applicable and requested by the Company prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the transfer
agent shall have received from the Holder a confirmation of sale of the Warrant Shares (provided the requirement of the Holder to provide
a confirmation as to the sale of Warrant Shares shall not be applicable to the issuance of unlegended Warrant Shares upon a cashless exercise
of this Warrant if the Warrant Shares are then eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144(b)(1)). The Warrant Shares shall be deemed to
have been issued, and Holder or any other person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of
such shares for all purposes, as of the date the Warrant has been exercised, with payment to the Company of the Exercise Price (or by
cashless exercise, if permitted) and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant to Section 2(d)(vi) prior to
the issuance of such shares, having been paid. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject
to a Notice of Exercise by the second (2nd) Trading Day following the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to
the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on
the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day
on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after the second (2nd)
Trading Day following such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise.

ii. Delivery of New
Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon
surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the
rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission Rights.
If the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the
Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise; provided, however, that the Holder
shall be required to return any Warrant Shares or Common Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently with the return
to Holder of the aggregate Exercise Price paid to the Company for such Warrant Shares and the restoration of Holders right to acquire
such Warrant Shares pursuant to this Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant
Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise)
or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of
the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall:
(A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions,
if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that
the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order
giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed; and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant
and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded)
or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise
and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000
to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of the shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such
purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder
$1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and,
upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other
remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive
relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver the shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required
pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No Fractional
Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As
to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election,
either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or
round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges, Taxes
and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition
thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all transfer agent
fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing
corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing of Books.
The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant
to the terms hereof.

viii. Signature.
This Section 2 and the exercise form attached hereto set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Holder in order to
exercise this Purchase Warrant. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original exercise form shall be required, nor shall any
medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any exercise form be required in order to exercise this Purchase Warrant.
No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Holder to exercise this Purchase Warrant (except
as may be set forth herein). The Company shall honor exercises of this Purchase Warrant and shall deliver Shares underlying this Purchase
Warrant in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth herein.

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after
exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons
acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon: (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties; and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the
extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in
relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant
is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any
group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder
may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in: (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report
filed with the Commission, as the case may be; (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company; or (C) a more recent written notice
by the Company or the Companys transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written
or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two (2) Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares
of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect
to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties
since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the shares of Common Stock upon exercise
of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions
of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section
2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership
Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations
contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock Dividends
and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution
or distributions on its shares of Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which,
for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant); (ii) subdivides
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares; (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding
shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares; or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of Common Stock any shares of capital
stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number
of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this
Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment
made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders
entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision,
combination or re-classification. For the purposes of clarification, the Exercise Price of this Warrant will not be adjusted in the event
that the Company or any subsidiary thereof, as applicable, sells or grants any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice,
or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any shares of Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, at an effective price per share less than the Exercise Price then in effect.

b) [RESERVED]

c) Subsequent Rights
Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells
any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any
class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms
applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the shares
of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without
limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale
of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of the shares of Common Stock are to
be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to
participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall
not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result
of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time,
if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d) Pro Rata Distributions.
During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend (other than cash dividends) or other
distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise
(including, without limitation, any distribution of shares or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however,
to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership
of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance
for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the time of such Distribution, such portion
of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised this Warrant.

e) Fundamental Transaction.
If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects
any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person; (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease,
license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related
transactions; (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person)
is completed pursuant to which holders of shares of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities,
cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock; (iv) the Company, directly
or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the shares of Common
Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the shares of Common Stock are effectively converted into or exchanged for other
securities, cash or property; or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share
purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme
of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares
of Common Stock (not including any outstanding shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or
associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination)
(each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right
to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental
Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the
number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and
any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable by holders of shares of Common Stock as a result
of such Fundamental Transaction for each share of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental
Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise,
the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of
Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion
the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components
of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of shares of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be
received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon
any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction
in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the
Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and
shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by
a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares
of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon
exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and
with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative
value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number
of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately
prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder.
Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and
after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant referring to the Company shall refer instead
to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company
under this Warrant with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.
For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g) Notice to Holder.

i. Adjustment to
Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice to Allow
Exercise by Holder. If: (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the shares of Common
Stock; (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the shares of Common Stock; (C) the Company
shall authorize the granting to all holders of the shares of Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights; (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the shares of Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer
of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the shares of Common Stock are converted
into other securities, cash or property; or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email a notice to the Holder
at its last address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record
or effective date hereinafter specified, stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the shares of Common Stock of record
to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the shares of Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash or
other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure
to provide such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice.
To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any
of its subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The
Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of
the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), neither this Warrant nor any Warrant Shares issued upon exercise of this Warrant shall be sold, transferred,
assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction that would result
in the effective economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of effectiveness
or commencement of sales of the offering pursuant to which this Warrant is being issued, except the transfer of any security:

i. by operation of law
or by reason of reorganization of the Company;

ii. to any FINRA member
firm participating in the offering and the officers or partners thereof, if all securities so transferred remain subject to the lock-up
restriction in this Section 4(a) for the remainder of the time period;

iii. if the aggregate
amount of securities of the Company held by the Holder or related person do not exceed 1% of the securities being offered;

iv. that is beneficially
owned on a pro-rata basis by all equity owners of an investment fund, provided that no participating member manages or otherwise directs
investments by the fund, and participating members in the aggregate do not own more than 10% of the equity in the fund; or

v. the exercise or conversion
of any security, if all securities received remain subject to the lock-up restriction in this Section 4(a) for the remainder of
the time period.

Subject to the foregoing
restriction, any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d), this Warrant and all rights hereunder
(including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the
principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form
attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making
of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants
in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment,
and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly
be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company
within three (3) Trading Days of the date the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant,
if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new
Warrant issued.

b) New Warrants.
This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together
with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent
or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be
identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant Register.
The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register),
in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the
absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual
notice to the contrary.

d) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Registration Rights.
The Company has filed the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284081) with the Commission, which has been declared effective,
and registers the underlying Warrant Shares of the Warrant(s) granted to the Holder(s) in connection with the Offering, under the terms
of the Underwriting Agreement

5.1. Demand Registration.

5.1.1 Grant of Right.
The Company, upon written demand (a Demand Notice) of the Holder(s) of at least 51% of the Warrants and/or the underlying
Warrant Shares (Majority Holders), agrees to register, on one occasion, all or any portion of the Warrant Shares
underlying the Warrants (collectively, the Registrable Securities). On such occasion, the Company will file a registration
statement with the Commission covering the Registrable Securities within 60 days after receipt of a Demand Notice and use its reasonable
best efforts to have the registration statement declared effective promptly thereafter, subject to compliance with review by the Commission;
provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to comply with a Demand Notice if the Company has filed a registration statement
with respect to which the Holder is entitled to piggyback registration rights pursuant to Section 5.2 hereof and either: (i) the
Holder has elected to participate in the offering covered by such registration statement; or (ii) if such registration statement relates
to an underwritten primary offering of securities of the Company, until the offering covered by such registration statement has been withdrawn
or until 30 days after such offering is consummated. The demand for registration may be made at any time beginning on the Initial Exercise
Date and expiring on the fifth anniversary of the commencement date of sales in the Offering. The Company covenants and agrees to give
written notice of its receipt of any Demand Notice by any Holder(s) to all other registered Holders of the Warrants and/or the Registrable
Securities within ten (10) days after the date of the receipt of any such Demand Notice.

5.1.2 Terms. The Company
shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to the registration of the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 5.1.1, but the
Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent them
in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. The Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to cause the filing required
herein to become effective promptly and to qualify or register the Registrable Securities in such States as are reasonably requested by
the Holder(s); provided, however, that in no event shall the Company be required to register the Registrable Securities in a State in
which such registration would cause: (i) the Company to be obligated to register or license to do business in such State or submit to
general service of process in such State; or (ii) the principal shareholders of the Company to be obligated to escrow their shares of
capital stock of the Company. The Company shall cause any registration statement filed pursuant to the demand right granted under Section
5.1.1 to remain effective for a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months after the date that the registration statement is
declared effective. The Holders shall only use the prospectuses provided by the Company to sell the Warrant Shares covered by such registration
statement and will immediately cease to use any prospectus furnished by the Company if the Company advises the Holder that such prospectus
may no longer be used due to a material misstatement or omission. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.1.2, the Holder
shall be entitled to a demand registration under this Section 5.1.2 on only one (1) occasion and such demand registration right
shall terminate on the fifth anniversary of the date of the Underwriting Agreement (as defined below) in accordance with FINRA Rules 5110(g)(8)(B)
and 5110(g)(8)(C).

5.2 Piggy-Back Registration.

5.2.1 Grant of Right.
In addition to the demand right of registration described in Section 5.1 hereof, the Holder shall have the right, for a period
of no more than two (2) years from the Initial Exercise Date in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(D), to include the Registrable Securities
as part of any other registration of securities filed by the Company (other than in connection with a transaction contemplated by Rule
145(a) promulgated under the Securities Act or pursuant to Form S-8 or any equivalent form); provided, however, that if, solely in connection
with any primary underwritten public offering for the account of the Company, the managing underwriter(s) thereof shall, in its reasonable
discretion, impose a limitation on the number of Shares which may be included in the Registration Statement because, in such underwriter(s)
judgment, marketing or other factors dictate such limitation is necessary to facilitate public distribution, then the Company shall be
obligated to include in such Registration Statement only such limited portion of the Registrable Securities with respect to which the
Holder requested inclusion hereunder as the underwriter shall reasonably permit. Any exclusion of Registrable Securities shall be made
pro rata among the Holders seeking to include Registrable Securities in proportion to the number of Registrable Securities sought to be
included by such Holders; provided, however, that the Company shall not exclude any Registrable Securities unless the Company has first
excluded all outstanding securities, the holders of which are not entitled to inclusion of such securities in such Registration Statement
or are not entitled to pro rata inclusion with the Registrable Securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, the Company shall not
be required to register any Warrant Shares pursuant to this Section 5.2 that are eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144 (without volume
restrictions or current public information requirements) or that are subject of a then effective registration statement that is available
for resales or other dispositions by such Holder.

5.2.2 Terms. The Company
shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 5.2.1 hereof, but the
Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent them
in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. In the event of such a proposed registration, the Company shall furnish the
then Holders of outstanding Registrable Securities with not less than ten (10) days written notice prior to the proposed date of filing
of such registration statement. Such notice to the Holders shall continue to be given for each registration statement filed by the Company
during the two (2) year period following the Initial Exercise Date until such time as all of the Registrable Securities have been sold
by the Holder. The holders of the Registrable Securities shall exercise the piggy-back rights provided for herein by giving
written notice within five (5) days of the receipt of the Companys notice of its intention to file a registration statement. Except
as otherwise provided in this Warrant, there shall be no limit on the number of times the Holder may request registration under this Section
5.2.2; provided, however, that such registration rights shall terminate on the second anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date.

Section 6. Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights as Stockholder
Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as
a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i). Without limiting any rights of a Holder
to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss, Theft, Destruction
or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the
loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or
destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the posting
of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver
a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays, Sundays,
Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein
shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

d) Authorized Shares.

The Company covenants that,
during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the
necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the shares of Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant
Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights
represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes
in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the extent
as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will: (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior
to such increase in par value; (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and
legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant; and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary
to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any action
which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the
Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the underwriting agreement, dated April 9, 2025, by and between the Company and The Benchmark Company, LLC and
Axiom Capital Management, Inc. as representatives of the underwriters set forth therein (the Underwriting Agreement).

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver and
Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver
of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant
or the Underwriting Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results
in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and
expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder
in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices. Any
notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in accordance
with the notice provisions of the Underwriting Agreement.

i) Limitation of
Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any shares of Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors
of the Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors and
Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit
of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions
of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder
or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

AETHER HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Name: Nicolas Lin

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO:AETHER
HOLDINGS, INC.

_________________________

(1) The undersigned hereby elects
to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant, and tenders herewith payment of the
exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form
of (check applicable box):

[ ] in lawful money of the United States;
or

[ ] if permitted the cancellation of such
number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect
to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please register and issue said
Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number or by physical delivery of a certificate to:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: __________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: _____________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing warrant, execute

this form and supply required information.

Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, [____] all of
or [_______] shares of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to:

_______________________________________________ whose
address is

_______________________________________________________________.

_______________________________________________________________

Dated: ______________,
_______

Holders Signature: _____________________________

Holders Address: _____________________________

_____________________________

NOTE: The signature to this Assignment Form must correspond
with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. Officers of corporations
and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper evidence of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Aether
Holdings Announces Pricing of Initial Public Offering

New
York, NY - Aether Holdings, Inc. (we, us, our, Aether, or the Company),
an emerging financial technology holding company offering software, data, and artificial intelligence technology to institutional and
self-directed investors, today announced the pricing of its initial public offering (IPO) of 1,800,000 shares of its common stock at
a price to the public of $4.30 per share. In addition, Aether has granted the representatives of the underwriters a 30-day option to
purchase up to an additional 270,000 shares of common stock at the initial public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions.

Aethers
common stock has been approved for listing and is expected to begin trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol ATHR
on Thursday, April 10, 2025. The offering is expected to close on April 11, 2025, subject to customary closing conditions.

Aether
expects to receive gross proceeds of approximately $7,740,000 from the offering, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions
and other offering expenses, or approximately $8,900,000 if the underwriters exercise their overallotment option in full. Aether intends
to use the net proceeds from the offering to further the design and development of its products, fund sales and marketing expenses, hire
additional employees in the areas of finance and accounting, sales and marketing, securities research and copy editing, and for general
corporate purposes and working capital.

The
Benchmark Company, LLC and Axiom Capital Management, Inc. are acting as the joint book-running managers for the offering.

A
registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and became effective
on April 9, 2025. The proposed offering will be made only by means of a prospectus. Copies of the final prospectus, when available, may
be obtained from The Benchmark Company, LLC, 150 East 58th St., 17th Floor, New York, NY 10155, by telephone: (212) 312-6700, or by email
at prospectus@benchmarkcompany.com.

This
press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor will there be any sale
of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or
qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About
Aether Holdings, Inc.

Aether
Holdings, Inc. is an emerging financial technology holding company focused on transforming the way investors navigate the markets. Leveraging
decades of market expertise and cutting-edge technology, Aether delivers proprietary tools, data, and research to empower traders with
actionable insights and enhanced decision-making capabilities.

The
companys flagship platform, SentimenTrader.com, is designed to serve both retail and institutional investors by offering advanced
sentiment analysis through the use of machine learning (ML) and artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities. With over 20 years of sentiment
data integrated into its systems, Aether aims to provide its users with a powerful combination of technology and expertise, enabling
them to make informed decisions to level-up their trading in the markets.

Aether
Holdings is committed to building an ecosystem that supports smarter, data-driven trading strategies, reinforcing its mission to empower
the investing community and redefine excellence in fintech.

Find
out more about Aether Holdings at https://helloaether.com/

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements

This
news release and statements of Aethers management in connection with this news release or related events contain or may contain
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In this context, forward-looking statements mean statements related to future events,
which may impact our expected future business and financial performance, and often contain words such as expected, anticipates,
intends, plans, believes, potential, will, should,
could, would or may and other words of similar meaning. These forward-looking statements (which
includes statements regarding the commencement of trading in our common stock and the closing of the offering described herein) are based
on information available to us as of the date of this news release and represent managements current views and assumptions. Forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance, events or results and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors,
which may be beyond our control. For Aether, particular risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual future results to differ
materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements include but are not limited to the following which are, and will be,
exacerbated by any worsening of global business and economic environment: the impact of governmental laws and regulations, including
the regulation of artificial intelligence; our failure to maintain and protect our reputation for trustworthiness and independence; our
ability to develop new products or effectively market our products and services; our ability to continue to evolve and adapt our technology,
including further adoption of artificial intelligence and machine learning techniques; our ability to attract new users and to persuade
existing users to renew their subscriptions with us and to purchase higher subscription tiers from us; our ability to expand the coverage
of our products to include foreign markets and additional types of financial instruments; our future capital needs; our ability to expand
our revenue streams beyond the subscriber model; difficulties with third-party services we rely on or will rely on; and similar risks
and uncertainties associated with the business of a start-up business operating a in a regulated industry. Readers are cautioned not
to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this news release. These factors may
not constitute all factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in any forward-looking statement. Accordingly,
forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a predictor of actual results. We do not undertake to update our forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this news release, except as required by law.

Company
Contact

Frank
Cid

(347)-363-0886

ir@helloaether.com

Investor
Relations Contact

Matthew
Abenante, IRC

President

Strategic
Investor Relations, LLC

(347)-947-2093

Email:
matthew@strategic-ir.com

Media
Contact 

Jessica
Starman, MBA

media@helloaether.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Aether
Holdings Announces Closing of Initial Public Offering 

New
York, N.Y. April 11, 2025 Aether Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: ATHR) (we, us, our, Aether,
or the Company), an emerging financial technology holding company offering software, data, and artificial intelligence
technology to institutional and self-directed investors, is pleased to announce the closing of its initial public offering of 1,800,000
shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $4.30 per share on April 11, 2025.

The
gross proceeds to Aether from the offering, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses, were
$7,740,000, and net proceeds were approximately $6,520,000. The shares sold in the offering began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market
under the symbol ATHR on April 10, 2025.

Aether
intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to further the design and development of its products, hire additional employees, including
in the areas of finance, accounting, sales, marketing, securities research, and copy editing, sales and marketing expenses, and general
corporate purposes and working capital.

The
Benchmark Company, LLC and Axiom Capital Management, Inc. acted as joint book-running managers for the offering. Ellenoff Grossman &
Schole LLP acted as counsel to Aether. Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP acted as counsel to the underwriters. ZH CPA LLC are
Aethers registered independent auditors.

A
registration statement relating to Aethers initial public offering has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission,
and was declared effective on April 9, 2025. Final prospectuses for the offering and related resale by selling stockholders were filed
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on April 11, 2025. This registration statement and final prospectuses can be obtained
by visiting the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Please see such registration statement and final prospectuses for additional information
regarding Aether.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale
of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or
qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About
Aether Holdings, Inc.

Aether
Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:ATHR) is an emerging financial technology holding company focused on transforming the way investors navigate the
markets. Leveraging decades of market expertise and cutting-edge technology, Aether delivers proprietary tools, data, and research to
empower traders with actionable insights and enhanced decision-making capabilities.

Aethers
flagship platform, SentimenTrader.com, is designed to serve both retail and institutional investors by offering advanced sentiment analysis
through the use of machine learning (ML) and artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities. With over 20 years of sentiment data integrated
into its systems, Aether aims to provide its users with a powerful combination of technology and expertise, enabling them to make informed
decisions to level-up their trading in the markets.

Aether
is committed to building an ecosystem that supports smarter, data-driven trading strategies, reinforcing its mission to empower the investing
community and redefine excellence in fintech.

Find
out more about Aether Holdings at https://helloaether.com/

By
integrating advanced technologies, including artificial intelligence tools with the critical thinking and analytical abilities of its
team of evidenced-based trading veterans, Aether aims to provide its users with a powerful combination of technology and expertise, enabling
them to make informed decisions to level-up their trading in the markets.

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements

This
news release and statements of Aethers management in connection with this news release or related events contain or may contain
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In this context, forward-looking statements mean statements related to future events,
which may impact our expected future business and financial performance, and often contain words such as expected, anticipates,
intends, plans, believes, potential, will, should,
could, would or may and other words of similar meaning. These forward-looking statements (which
includes statements regarding the commencement of trading in our common stock and the closing of the offering described herein) are based
on information available to us as of the date of this news release and represent managements current views and assumptions. Forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance, events or results and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors,
which may be beyond our control. For Aether, particular risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual future results to differ
materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements include but are not limited to the following which are, and will be,
exacerbated by any worsening of global business and economic environment: the impact of governmental laws and regulations, including
the regulation of artificial intelligence; our failure to maintain and protect our reputation for trustworthiness and independence; our
ability to develop new products or effectively market our products and services; our ability to continue to evolve and adapt our technology,
including further adoption of artificial intelligence and machine learning techniques; our ability to attract new users and to persuade
existing users to renew their subscriptions with us and to purchase higher subscription tiers from us; our ability to expand the coverage
of our products to include foreign markets and additional types of financial instruments; our future capital needs; our ability to expand
our revenue streams beyond the subscriber model; difficulties with third-party services we rely on or will rely on; and similar risks
and uncertainties associated with the business of a start-up business operating a in a regulated industry. Readers are cautioned not
to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this news release. These factors may
not constitute all factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in any forward-looking statement. Accordingly,
forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a predictor of actual results. We do not undertake to update our forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this news release, except as required by law.

Company
Contact

Frank
Cid

(347)-363-0886

ir@helloaether.com

Investor
Relations Contact

Matthew
Abenante, IRC

President

Strategic
Investor Relations, LLC

(347)-947-2093

Email:
matthew@strategic-ir.com

Media
Contact 

Jessica
Starman, MBA

media@helloaether.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-2_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>athr-20250411.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>athr-20250411_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>athr-20250411_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>athr-20250411_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-003896-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002026353 

2025-04-11 
2025-04-11 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002026353 
8-K 
2025-04-11 
Aether Holdings, Inc. 
DE 
001-42595 
35-2818803 
1441 Broadway 
30th Floor 
New York 
10018 
NY 
(347) 
363-0886 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
ATHR 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 11, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 11, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42595

Entity Registrant Name Aether Holdings,
Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0002026353

Entity Tax Identification Number 35-2818803

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 1441 Broadway

Entity Address, Address Line Two 30th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New
York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10018

City Area Code (347)

Local Phone Number 363-0886

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol ATHR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://AetherHoldingsInc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

athr-20250411.xsd 
athr-20250411_lab.xml 
athr-20250411_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>