<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-019604.txt : 20250304
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-019604.hdr.sgml : 20250304
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250303195735
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-019604
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		26
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250227
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250304
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250303

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002048951
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42540
		FILM NUMBER:		25700895

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40 SOUTH MAIN STREET SUITE 2550
		CITY:			MEMPHIS
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9012703107

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40 SOUTH MAIN STREET SUITE 2550
		CITY:			MEMPHIS
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38103
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0232706-8k_liveoak5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000204895100020489512025-02-272025-02-270002048951LOKV:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember2025-02-272025-02-270002048951LOKV:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-02-272025-02-270002048951LOKV:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2025-02-272025-02-27iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date
of earliest event reported): February 27, 2025

Live Oak Acquisition
Corp. V

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42540 61-2235506

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

4921
William Arnold Road

MemphisTN38117

(Address of principal
executive offices, including zip code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (901) 270-3107

Not Applicable

(Former name or former
address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange

on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant LOKVU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share LOKV The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share LOKVW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material
Definitive Agreement.

On
March 3, 2025, Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V (the Company) consummated its initial public offering (IPO)
of 23,000,000 units (the Units), including the exercise in full by the underwriters of an option to purchase up to
3,000,000 Units at the offering price to cover over-allotments. The Units were sold at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds
to the Company of $230,000,000. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class
A Ordinary Shares), and one-half of one redeemable warrant of the Company (each, a Warrant), with each
whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share for $11.50 per share.

In
connection with the IPO, the Company entered into the following agreements, forms of which were previously filed as exhibits to the Companys
Registration Statement:

An Underwriting Agreement,
dated February 27, 2025, by and between the Company and Santander US Capital Markets LLC, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 1.1
hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A Warrant Agreement, dated
February 27, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, a copy of which is
attached as Exhibit 4.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

An Investment Management Trust
Agreement, dated February 27, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee, a copy
of which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A Registration Rights Agreement,
dated February 27, 2025, by and among the Company and certain security holders, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.2 hereto and
incorporated herein by reference.

A Private Placement Warrants
Purchase Agreement, dated February 27, 2025 (the Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement), by and between
the Company and Live Oak Sponsor V, LLC (the Sponsor), a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.3 hereto and incorporated
herein by reference.

A Letter Agreement, dated February
27, 2025, by and among the Company, its officers, its directors and the Sponsor, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.4 hereto and
incorporated herein by reference.

An Administrative Services
Agreement, dated February 27, 2025, by and between the Company and Live Oak Merchant Partners, an affiliate of the Sponsor, a copy of
which is attached as Exhibit 10.5 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Indemnity Agreements, dated
February 27, 2025, by and among the Company and each Director and executive officers of the Company, a form of which is attached as Exhibit
10.6 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of
Equity Securities.

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, pursuant to the Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, the Company completed the private sale of
an aggregate of 4,500,000 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants,) to the Sponsor, with each warrant exercisable
to purchase one Class A ordinary share at $11.50 per share, at a price of $1.00 per warrant, or $4,500,000 in the aggregate. The
Private Placement Warrants (and underlying securities) are identical to the warrants included in the Units sold in the IPO, except as
otherwise disclosed in the Companys registration statement for its IPO. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with
respect to such sale. The issuance of the Private Placement Warrants was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

1

Item 5.02.
Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain
Officers.

On
February 28, 2025, in connection with the IPO, Messrs. Hudson and Furer and Ms. Tarbox (collectively with Messrs. Hendrix and Fishman,
the Directors) were appointed to the board of directors of the Company (the Board). Effective February
28, 2025, each of Messrs. Hudson and Furer and Ms. Tarbox was appointed to the Boards Audit Committee, with Ms. Tarbox serving
as chair of the Audit Committee. Each of Messrs. Hudson and Furer and Ms. Tarbox was appointed to the Boards Compensation Committee,
with Mr. Furer serving as chair of the Compensation Committee.

On
February 27, 2025, the Company entered into indemnity agreements with each of the Directors and officers of the Company, and Gary Wunderlich,
Jr., senior advisor to the Company, that require the Company to indemnify each of them to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law
and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified. The foregoing summary
of the indemnity agreements does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the
form of indemnity agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.6 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.03.
Amendments to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association; Change in Fiscal Year.

On
February 28, 2025, in connection with the IPO, the Company filed its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association) with the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies, which
was effective on February 27, 2025. The terms of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association are set forth in the
Registration Statement and are incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
is attached as Exhibit 3.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

A
total of $231,150,000 of the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants (which amount includes $6,900,000 of
the underwriters deferred discount), was placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust
Company, acting as trustee. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds in the trust account that may be released to the Company
to pay its taxes and for winding up and dissolution expenses, the funds held in the trust account will not be released from the trust
account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Companys initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of the Companys
public shares if it is unable to complete its initial business combination within 21 months from the closing of the IPO (or
24 months from the closing of the IPO if the Company has executed a definitive agreement for an initial business combination within
21 months from the closing of the IPO (the Completion Window), or by such earlier liquidation date as
the Companys board of directors may approve), subject to applicable law, and (iii) the redemption of the Companys public
shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association to modify the substance or timing of its obligation to redeem 100% of the Companys public shares if it has not consummated
an initial business combination within the Completion Window or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders
rights or pre-initial business combination activity.

On
February 27, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the IPO, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to
this Current Report on Form 8-K.

On
March 3, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the IPO, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.2 to this
Current Report on Form 8-K.

2

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and
Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

The
following exhibits are being filed herewith:

Exhibit No. Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated February 27, 2025, by and between the Company and Santander US Capital Markets LLC.

3.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company.

4.1 Warrant Agreement, dated February 27, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent.

10.1 Investment Management Trust Agreement, February 27, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee.

10.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 27, 2025 by and among the Company and certain security holders.

10.3 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated February 27, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor.

10.4 Letter Agreement, dated February 27, 2025, by and among the Company, its officers, directors, and the Sponsor.

10.5 Administrative Services Agreement, dated February 27, 2025 by and between the Company and Live Oak Merchant Partners.

10.6 Form of Indemnity Agreement

99.1 Press Release, dated February 27, 2025.

99.2 Press Release, dated March 3, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

3

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. V

By: /s/Richard J. Hendrix 

Name: Richard J. Hendrix

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Dated: March 3, 2025 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023270601ex1-1_liveoak5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 27, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND SANTANDER US CAPITAL MARKETS LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

Execution Version

Live Oak
Acquisition Corp. V

20,000,000 Units

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

New York, New York

February 27, 2025

Santander US Capital Markets LLC

437 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10022

as Representative of the several underwriters listed in
Schedule I hereto (the Underwriters)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V, a Cayman Islands
exempted company (the Company), proposes to issue and sell to the several underwriters named in Schedule I hereto
(the Underwriters), for whom Santander US Capital Markets LLC is acting as Representative (the Representative),
an aggregate of 20,000,000 units (the Units) of the Company (said Units to be issued and sold by the Company being
hereinafter called the Underwritten Securities) (the Offering). The Company also proposes to
grant to the Underwriters an option to purchase up to 3,000,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments (the Option Securities;
the Option Securities, together with the Underwritten Securities, being hereinafter called the Securities). Certain
capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined are defined in Section 23 hereof.

Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share,
par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Ordinary Shares), of the Company and one-half of one redeemable warrant,
where each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share (the Public Warrants). The Class
A Ordinary Shares and the Public Warrants included in the Units will not trade separately until the 52nd day following the date of the
Prospectus (or if such date is not a Business Day (as defined below), the following Business Day) unless the Representative informs the
Company of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to (a) the preparation of an audited balance sheet of the Company reflecting
receipt by the Company of the gross proceeds at the closing of the Offering, (b) the filing by the Company of such audited balance sheet
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on a Current Report on Form 8-K (the Closing
Form 8-K) and (c) the issuance by the Company of a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Each whole
Warrant entitles its holder, upon exercise, to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share for $11.50, subject to certain adjustments, during
the period commencing thirty (30) days after the completion by the Company of its Initial Business Combination (as defined below) and
terminating on the five-year anniversary of the completion by the Company of its Initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation of the Trust Account (as defined herein). As used herein, the term Initial Business Combination (as
described more fully in the Registration Statement (as defined herein)) shall mean any merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses or entities (collectively,
a Target Business).

Pursuant to the Securities Subscription Agreement,
effective as of December 20, 2024 (the Securities Subscription Agreement), the Company issued an aggregate of 5,750,000
Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (such shares, as well as the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion thereof,
where applicable, the Founder Shares) to Live Oak Sponsor V, LLC (the Sponsor), in a private
placement for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000 in cash.

The Company has entered into an Investment Management
Trust Agreement, effective as of the date hereof, with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee (the Trustee),
in substantially the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Trust Agreement), pursuant to which
the proceeds from the Offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be deposited and held in a trust
account (the Trust Account) for the benefit of the Company, the Underwriters and holders of the Securities.

The Company has entered into a Private Placement
Warrants Purchase Agreement, effective as of the date hereof (the Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement)
with the Sponsor, in substantially the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, pursuant to which the Sponsor has agreed
to purchase from the Company an aggregate of 4,500,000 private placement warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant ($4,500,000 in the aggregate),
whether or not the over-allotment option is exercised (collectively, the Private Placement Warrants).

The Company has entered into a Warrant Agreement,
effective as of the date hereof, with respect to the Public Warrants, the Private Placement Warrants and certain warrants that may be
issued upon conversion of working capital loans made to the Company (the Working Capital Warrants) with Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, in substantially the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the
Warrant Agreement), pursuant to which Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company will act as warrant agent in
connection with the issuance, registration, transfer, exchange, redemption and exercise of the Public Warrants, the Private Placement
Warrants and the Working Capital Warrants.

The Company has entered into a Registration Rights
Agreement, effective as of the date hereof, in substantially the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Registration
Rights Agreement), pursuant to which the Company has granted certain registration rights in respect of the Founder Shares,
the Private Placement Warrants and the Working Capital Warrants (and any Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Private
Placement Warrants or the Working Capital Warrants and upon the conversion of the Founder Shares).

The Company has entered into a letter agreement,
effective as of the date hereof, in substantially the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Insider Letter),
with the Sponsor and each of the Companys directors, director nominees and executive officers.

2

The Company has entered into an Administrative
Services Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, in substantially the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, with the
Sponsor (the Administrative Services Agreement), pursuant to which the Company will pay to the Sponsor an aggregate
monthly fee of $17,500 for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support from the date that the Units are first listed
on the Nasdaq Global Market until the earlier of the date of the consummation of the Initial Business Combination or until the time that
the Company is required to liquidate.

On December 20, 2024, the Sponsor agreed to loan
the Company up to $300,000 to cover expenses related to the Offering pursuant to a non-interest bearing unsecured promissory note in substantially
the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Promissory Note). The Promissory Note will be payable
either upon the date of the consummation of the Offering.

1. Representations
and Warranties.

(a) The
Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, each Underwriter as set forth below in this Section 1(a).

(1) Effectiveness
of Registration Statement. The Company has prepared and filed with the Commission the Registration Statement (file number 333-284207)
on Form S-1 (the Registration Statement), including the related Preliminary Prospectus, for registration under the
Act of the offering and sale of the Securities. Such Registration Statement, including any amendments thereto filed prior to the Execution
Time, has become effective. The Company may have filed one or more amendments thereto, including the related Preliminary Prospectus, each
of which has previously been furnished to the Representative. The Company will file with the Commission the Prospectus in accordance with
Rule 424(b). As filed, such Prospectus shall contain all information required by the Act and, except to the extent the Representative
shall agree in writing to a modification, shall be in all substantive respects in the form furnished to the Representative prior to the
Execution Time or, to the extent not completed at the Execution Time, shall contain only such specific additional information and other
changes (beyond that contained in the Statutory Prospectus) as the Company has advised the Representative, prior to the Execution Time,
will be included or made therein. The Company has complied to the Commissions satisfaction with all requests of the Commission
for additional or supplemental information.

(2) Effective
Date. On the Effective Date, the Registration Statement did, and when the Prospectus is first filed in accordance with Rule 424(b)
and on the Closing Date (as defined herein) and on any date on which Option Securities are purchased, if such date is not the Closing
Date (the Option Closing Date), the Prospectus (and any supplements thereto) will, comply in all material respects
with the applicable requirements of the Act; on the Effective Date and at the Execution Time, the Registration Statement did not and will
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements therein not misleading; and on the date of any filing pursuant to Rule 424(b) and on the Closing Date and, if any,
the Option Closing Date, the Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto) will not include any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading; provided, however, that the Company makes no representations or warranties as to the information
contained in or omitted from the Registration Statement or the Prospectus (or any supplement thereto) in reliance upon and in conformity
with information furnished in writing to the Company by or on behalf of any Underwriter through the Representative specifically for inclusion
in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus (or any supplement thereto), it being understood and agreed that the only such information
furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 8 hereof.

3

(3) Execution
Time. At the Execution Time, the Statutory Prospectus, each road show (as defined in Rule 433(h) of the Act) when taken
together as a whole with the Statutory Prospectus, and any individual Written Testing-the-Waters Communication (as defined below), when
taken together as a whole with the Statutory Prospectus, do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;
provided, however, that the Company makes no representations or warranties as to the information contained in or omitted
from the Statutory Prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by or on behalf
of any Underwriter through the Representative specifically for inclusion in the Statutory Prospectus, it being understood and agreed that
the only such information furnished by or on behalf of any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 8(b) hereof.

(4) Compliance
with Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Form 8-A (file number 001-42540) providing for the registration under
the Exchange Act of the Securities, the Class A Ordinary Shares included as part of the Securities and the Public Warrants included as
part of the Securities. The registration of such securities under the Exchange Act has been declared effective by the Commission on or
prior to the date of this Agreement. The Securities have been authorized for listing, subject to official notice of issuance and evidence
of satisfactory distribution, on the Nasdaq Global Market, and the Company knows of no reason or set of facts that is likely to adversely
affect such authorization.

(5) No
Stop Orders, Etc. Neither the Commission nor any state regulatory authority has issued any order or, to the Companys knowledge,
threatened to issue any order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of any Preliminary Prospectus,
the Prospectus or any part thereof, or has instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened to institute any proceedings with
respect to such an order including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 8A of the Act.

(6) Disclosure
of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Statutory Prospectus, the Registration Statement and the Prospectus conform
in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained therein. There is no franchise, contract or other document of a character
required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus, or to be filed as an exhibit to the
Registration Statement, which is not described or filed as required (and the Statutory Prospectus contains in all material respects the
same description of the foregoing matters contained in the Prospectus); and the statements in the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus
under the headings Principal Shareholders, Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Description
of Securities, insofar as such statements summarize legal matters, agreements, documents or proceedings discussed therein, are
in all material respects accurate and fair summaries of such legal matters, agreements, documents or proceedings. There are no business
relationships or related party transactions involving the Company or any other person required by the Act to be described in the Registration
Statement or Prospectus that have not been described as required.

4

(7) Capitalization.
The Companys authorized equity capitalization is as set forth in the Statutory Prospectus, the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.
The share capital of the Company conforms in all material respects to the description thereof contained in the Statutory Prospectus, the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus.

(8) Outstanding
Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company have been duly and validly authorized and issued and are fully paid
and non-assessable (meaning that the holder thereof shall not, solely by virtue of its status as a shareholder, be liable for additional
assessments or calls on such shares by the Company or its creditors (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the
establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstance in which a court may be prepared to pierce
or lift the corporate veil)); and none of such securities were issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any holders of any security
of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. The offers and sales of the outstanding securities were at all relevant
times either registered under the Act, the applicable state securities and blue-sky laws or, based in part on the representations and
warranties of the purchasers of such securities, exempt from such registration requirements. The holders of outstanding securities of
the Company are not entitled to preemptive or other rights to subscribe for the Securities arising by operation of law or under the Companys
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (as amended from time to time, the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association); and, except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus,
no options, warrants or other rights to purchase, agreements or other obligations to issue, or rights to convert any obligations into
or exchange any securities for, shares or other ownership interests in the Company are outstanding.

(9) Securities
Sold Pursuant to this Agreement.

(i) The
Securities have been duly authorized by the Company and when issued and delivered against payment therefor by the Underwriters pursuant
to this Agreement and in respect of Class A Ordinary Shares included in the Securities, registered in the Companys register of
members, will be validly issued.

5

(ii) The
Class A Ordinary Shares included in the Securities have been duly authorized by the Company and, when issued and delivered against payment
for the Securities by the Underwriters pursuant to this Agreement and registered in the Companys register of members, will be validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable (meaning that the holder thereof shall not, solely by virtue of its status as a shareholder, be
liable for additional assessments or calls on such shares by the Company or its creditors (except in exceptional circumstances, such as
involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstance in which a court
may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil)). The holders of such Class A Ordinary Shares are not and will not be subject to
personal liability by reason of being such holders; such Class A Ordinary Shares are not and will not be subject to any preemptive or
other similar contractual rights granted by the Company.

(iii) The
Public Warrants included in the Securities have been duly authorized by the Company and, when issued and delivered in the manner set forth
in the Warrant Agreement against payment for the Securities by the Underwriters pursuant to this Agreement, will constitute valid and
binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as the enforceability thereof
may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws affecting the enforceability of creditors rights generally
from time to time in effect and by equitable principles of general applicability (the Enforceability Exceptions).

(iv) The
Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants included in the Securities and the Private Placement Warrants have
been duly authorized by the Company and reserved for issuance and, when issued and delivered against payment therefor pursuant to the
Public Warrants or the Private Placement Warrants, as applicable, and the Warrant Agreement and registered in the Companys register
of members, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable (meaning that the holder thereof shall not, solely by virtue of its
status as a shareholder, be liable for additional assessments or calls on such shares by the Company or its creditors (except in exceptional
circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstance
in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil)). The holders of such Class A Ordinary Shares are not and will
not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; such Class A Ordinary Shares are not and will not be subject to
any preemptive or other similar contractual rights granted by the Company.

(10) Registration
Rights of Third Parties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, no holders
of any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into securities of the Company have the
right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Act or to include any such securities in a registration
statement to be filed by the Company.

6

(11) Prior
Securities Transactions.

(i) No
securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for the benefit of, any person or persons controlling,
controlled by, or under common control with the Company from its inception through and including the date hereof, except as disclosed
in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus.

(ii) Neither
the Company nor any of its affiliates has, prior to the date hereof, made any offer or sale of any securities that are required to be
integrated pursuant to the Act with the offer and sale of the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement.

(12) Securities
Sold to Founders, Sponsor and Insiders. The Founder Shares have been duly authorized and are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable
(meaning that the holder thereof shall not, solely by virtue of its status as a shareholder, be liable for additional assessments or calls
on such shares by the Company or its creditors (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an
agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstance in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate
veil)). The Private Placement Warrants have been duly authorized and, when delivered upon the consummation of the Offering, will be duly
issued and delivered, and will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance
with their terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by the Enforceability Exceptions. The Class A Ordinary Shares issuable
upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance and will be validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable (meaning that the holder thereof shall not, solely by virtue of its status as a shareholder, be liable for additional
assessments or calls on such shares by the Company or its creditors (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the
establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstance in which a court may be prepared to pierce
or lift the corporate veil)).

Each of the Sponsor and the Companys
executive officers and directors have agreed to: (a) waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Class A Ordinary
Shares sold as part of the Units in the Offering (the Public Shares) held by them in connection with the completion
of an Initial Business Combination, (b) waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares held by them
in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (A) to
modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow the redemption of its Public Shares in connection with its Initial
Business Combination or to redeem 100% of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete its Initial Business Combination within the
time period set forth in the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association or (B) with respect to any other material provisions
relating to the rights of holders of the Public Shares or pre-Initial Business Combination activity; (c) waive their rights to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares held by them if the Company fails to complete an Initial Business
Combination within the time period set forth in the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (although they will be
entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares held by them if the Company fails to complete
an Initial Business Combination within the time period set forth in the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and
to liquidating distributions from assets outside the Trust Account); and (d) vote any Founder Shares and any Public Shares held by them
purchased during or after the Offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of an Initial Business
Combination (except that any Public Shares such parties may purchase in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the
Exchange Act would not be voted in favor of approving the Initial Business Combination transaction) if the Company submits an Initial
Business Combination to its shareholders for a vote.

7

(13) Due
Incorporation; Power and Authority. The Company was duly incorporated as an exempted company in the Cayman Islands on November 27,
2024, is validly existing as an exempted company in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands with full corporate power and authority
to own or lease, as the case may be, and to operate its properties and conduct its business as described in the Statutory Prospectus and
the Prospectus, and to enter into this Agreement, the Trust Agreement, the Warrant Agreement, the Private Placement Warrant Purchase Agreement,
the Registration Rights Agreement, the Insider Letter, the Securities Subscription Agreement, the Promissory Note and the Administrative
Services Agreement and to carry out the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The Company is duly qualified to do business as
a foreign corporation and is in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction which requires such qualification, except where the
failure to be so qualified and in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined herein).

(14) Validity
and Binding Effect of Agreements.

(i) This
Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company.

(ii) The
Trust Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and is a valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by the Enforceability Exceptions.

(iii) The
Warrant Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and is a valid and binding agreement of the Company,
enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by the Enforceability
Exceptions.

(iv) The
Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and the Sponsor, and is
a valid and binding agreement of the Company and the Sponsor, enforceable against the Company and the Sponsor in accordance with its terms
except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by the Enforceability Exceptions.

8

(v) The
Registration Rights Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and is a valid and binding agreement of
the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by the Enforceability
Exceptions and except that the indemnification and contribution provisions of the Registration Rights Agreement may be unenforceable.

(vi) The
Administrative Services Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and is a valid and binding agreement
of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by the
Enforceability Exceptions.

(vii) The
Insider Letter has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Sponsor and, to the knowledge of the Company, by each of the Companys
directors and executive officers, respectively, and is a valid and binding agreement of the Sponsor and, to the knowledge of the Company,
each of the Companys directors and executive officers, respectively, enforceable against the Sponsor and, to the knowledge of the
Company, against each of the Companys directors and executive officers, respectively, in accordance with its terms except as the
enforceability thereof may be limited by the Enforceability Exceptions.

(viii) The
Securities Subscription Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and is a valid and binding agreement
of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by the
Enforceability Exceptions.

(ix) The
Promissory Note has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and is a valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by the Enforceability Exceptions.

(15) Consents,
Approvals, Etc. No consent, approval, authorization, filing with or order of any court or governmental agency or body is required
in connection with the transactions contemplated herein or in the Trust Agreement, the Warrant Agreement, the Securities Subscription
Agreement, the Promissory Note, the Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Administrative
Services Agreement or the Insider Letter, except for the registration under the Act and the Exchange Act of the Securities, and such as
may be required under the state securities or blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in connection with the purchase and distribution of the
Securities by the Underwriters in the manner contemplated herein and in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus.

9

(16) No
Breach or Violation. Neither the issue and sale of the Securities nor the consummation of any other of the transactions herein contemplated
nor the fulfillment of the terms hereof or of the Trust Agreement, the Warrant Agreement, the Securities Subscription Agreement, the Promissory
Note, the Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Administrative Services Agreement or the
Insider Letter will conflict with, result in a breach or violation of, or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property
or assets of the Company pursuant to (i) the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, (ii) the terms of any indenture,
contract, lease, mortgage, deed of trust, note agreement, loan agreement or other agreement, obligation, condition, covenant or instrument
to which the Company is a party or bound or to which its property is subject, or (iii) any statute, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order
or decree applicable to the Company of any court, regulatory body, administrative agency, governmental body, arbitrator or other authority
having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties; except in the case of clause (iii) above for any such conflict, breach
or violation that would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on the condition
(financial or otherwise), prospects, earnings, business or properties of the Company, taken as a whole, whether or not arising from transactions
in the ordinary course of business (a Material Adverse Effect) and that would not, individually or in the aggregate,
materially adversely affect the ability of the Underwriters to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(17) No
Conflicts, Etc. The Company is not in violation or default of (i) any provision of its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association, (ii) the terms of any indenture, contract, lease, mortgage, deed of trust, note agreement, loan agreement or other agreement,
obligation, condition, covenant or instrument to which it is a party or bound or to which its property is subject, or (iii) any statute,
law, rule, regulation, or judgment, order or decree of any court, regulatory body, administrative agency, governmental body, arbitrator
or other authority having jurisdiction over the Company; except in the case of clause (iii) above for any such conflict, breach or violation
that would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(18) Investment
Company Act. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the Offering and the application of the proceeds thereof as described
in the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, will not be required to register as an investment company as defined in
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act) and the rules and regulations of the
Commission thereunder.

(19) No
Additional Services by Underwriters. The Company does not have any expectation, understanding or agreement with any Underwriter for
such Underwriter to provide any additional services to the Company after the consummation of the Offering relating to the Initial Business
Combination, the financing thereof or other related transactions; except for the Companys agreement with the Representative whereby
the Representative will act as its advisor from time to time. Except as otherwise noted herein, any Underwriters provision of any
such additional services in connection with the Initial Business Combination will require the Companys separate engagement of such
Underwriter in connection with the Initial Business Combination and the entry into a related written engagement agreement between such
Underwriter and the Company setting forth the terms and conditions of the additional services to be provided by such Underwriter to the
Company.

10

(20) Financial
Statements. The financial statements, including the notes thereto and the supporting schedules, if any, of the Company included in
the Statutory Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Registration Statement present fairly the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Company as of the dates and for the periods indicated, comply as to form with the applicable accounting requirements
of the Act and have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP),
applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved (except as otherwise noted therein). There are no pro forma or as adjusted
financial statements that are required to be included in the Statutory Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Registration Statement in accordance
with Regulation S-X that have not been included as so required.

(21) Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements. The Company is not party to any off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent
obligations), or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons that may have a material current or future effect on
the Companys financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital
resources, or significant components of revenues or expenses.

(22) Other
Data. The statistical, industry-related and market-related data included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and
the Prospectus, if any, are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate,
and such data agree with the sources from which they are derived.

(23) Independent
Accountants. Withum Smith+Brown PC (Withum) is an independent registered public accounting firm with respect
to the Company within the meaning of the Act and the applicable published rules and regulations thereunder and the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (including the rules and regulations promulgated by such entity). Withum has not, during the periods covered by the financial
statements included in the Statutory Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Registration Statement, provided to the Company any non-audit
services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

(24) Disclosure
Controls and Procedures. The Company maintains effective disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) to the extent required by such rule.

(25) Sarbanes-Oxley.
Solely to the extent that the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder
(the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) have been applicable to the Company, there is and has been no failure on the part of the
Company to comply with any applicable provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company has taken all necessary actions to ensure that
it is in compliance with all provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act that are in effect and with which the Company is required to comply
and is making commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that it will be in compliance with other provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
not currently in effect or which will become applicable to the Company.

11

(26) Cybersecurity
and Data Protection. The Companys information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems, networks, hardware, software,
websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT Systems) are adequate for, and operate and perform in all
material respects as required in connection with the operation of the business of the Company as currently conducted. The Company has
implemented and maintained commercially reasonable controls, policies, procedures, and safeguards (including backup and disaster recovery
technology) to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security
of all IT Systems and data (including all personal, personally identifiable, sensitive, confidential or regulated data (Personal
Data)) used in connection with its business, and there have been no breaches, violations, outages or unauthorized uses of or
accesses to Personal Data, except for those that have been remedied without material cost or liability or the duty to notify any other
person, nor any incidents under internal review or investigations relating to Personal Data. The Company is presently in material compliance
with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory
authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Personal Data and to the
protection of such IT Systems and Personal Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except where the failure
to be in compliance would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

(27) Transfer
Taxes. There are no transfer, stamp, issue, registration, documentary or other similar taxes, duties, fees or charges under U.S. federal
law or the laws of any state, or any political subdivision thereof, or under the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, required to be paid
in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the issuance or sale by the Company of the Securities.

(28) Ownership.
The Company owns or leases all such properties as are necessary to the conduct of its operations as presently conducted.

(29) Litigation;
Government Proceedings. No action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator
involving the Company, the Sponsor, or, to the Companys knowledge, any executive officer or director of the Company, or its or
their property is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened (and in the case of the executive officers or directors of the
Company, that (i) would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the performance of this Agreement or the consummation
of any of the transactions contemplated hereby or (ii) would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect), except as set
forth in or contemplated in the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus (exclusive of any supplement thereto).

(30) Tax
Returns. The Company has filed all U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax returns required to be filed through the date hereof
and has paid all taxes required to be paid thereon, and no tax deficiency has been determined adversely to the Company (nor does the Company
have any notice or knowledge of any tax deficiency which could reasonably be expected to be determined adversely to the Company), except
in each case as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

12

(31) Licenses
and Permits. The Company possesses all licenses, certificates, permits and other authorizations issued by the appropriate U.S. federal,
state or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct its business, and the Company has not received any notice of proceedings
relating to the revocation or modification of any such license, certificate, authorization or permit that, singly or in the aggregate,
if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, whether
or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, except as set forth in or contemplated in the Statutory Prospectus
and the Prospectus (exclusive of any supplement thereto).

(32) Stabilization.
The Company has not taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that would constitute or that might reasonably be expected
to cause or result in, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company
to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities.

(33) Certain
Regulatory Matters.

(i) Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Company, the Sponsor, any non-independent director, non-independent director nominee or executive
officer, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any independent director, independent director nominee, employee, agent, affiliate or other
person acting on behalf of the Company or the Sponsor is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that could result in
a violation or a sanction for violation by such persons of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, each
as may be amended, or similar law of any other relevant jurisdiction, or the rules or regulations thereunder; and the Company has instituted
and maintains policies and procedures to ensure compliance therewith. No part of the proceeds of the Offering will be used, directly or
indirectly, in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, each as may be amended, or similar
law of any other relevant jurisdiction, or the rules or regulations thereunder.

(ii) Money
Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping
and reporting requirements and the money laundering statutes and the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules,
regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws)
and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

13

(iii) OFAC.
Neither the Company, the Sponsor, any non-independent director, non-independent director nominee or executive officer, nor, to the knowledge
of the Company, any independent director, independent director nominee, employee, agent, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of
the Company or the Sponsor (i) is, or is controlled or 50% or more owned in the aggregate by or is acting on behalf of, one or more individuals
or entities that are currently the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the United States (including any sanctions administered
or enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State or the Bureau
of Industry and Security of the U.S. Department of Commerce), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, a member state
of the European Union (including sanctions administered or enforced by His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom) or other relevant
sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions and such persons, Sanctioned Persons and each such
person, a Sanctioned Person), (ii) is located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose
government is, the subject of Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with that country or territory (collectively, Sanctioned
Countries and each, a Sanctioned Country) or (iii) will (either directly or through the Trust Account),
directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary,
joint venture partner or other individual or entity in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by, or could result
in the imposition of Sanctions against, any individual or entity (including any individual or entity participating in the Offering, whether
as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise).

(iv) Sanctions.
Neither the Company, the Sponsor, any non-independent director, non-independent director nominee or executive officer, nor, to the knowledge
of the Company, any independent director, independent director nominee, employee, agent, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of
the Company or the Sponsor is a person that is, or is 50% or more owned or otherwise controlled by a person that is: (i) a Sanctioned
Person; or (ii) located in, organized under the laws of or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject
of Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with that country or territory (including, without limitation, the so-called Donetsk Peoples
Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the non-governmental regions of Kherson and Zaporizhzhia and the Crimea region
of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, and Syria). Since April 24, 2019, neither the Company nor the Sponsor has engaged in any dealings
or transactions with or for the benefit of a Sanctioned Person, or with or in a Sanctioned Country, nor does the Company or the Sponsor
have any plans to engage in dealings or transactions with or for the benefit of a Sanctioned Person, or with or in a Sanctioned Country.

(v) Bank
Secrecy Act; Money Laundering; Patriot Act. Neither the Company, the Sponsor, any non-independent director, non-independent director
nominee or executive officer, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any independent director, independent director nominee, employee,
agent, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or the Sponsor has violated (a) the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended, (b)
the Money Laundering Laws, or (c) the Uniting and Strengthening of America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct
Terrorism (USA PATRIOT) Act of 2001, and/or the rules and regulations promulgated under any such law, or any successor law.

14

(34) D&O
Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires (the Questionnaires)
completed by each of the Companys executive officers, director nominees and directors and provided to the Underwriters is true
and correct, and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause the information disclosed in the Questionnaires
completed by the Companys executive officers, director nominees or directors to become inaccurate and incorrect.

(35) Initial
Business Combination. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, prior to the
date hereof, the Company has not selected any specific business combination target and it has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, initiated
any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target.

(36) FINRA
Matters.

(i) Except
as described in the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, there are no claims, payments, arrangements, contracts, agreements or understandings
relating to the payment of a brokerage commission or finders, consulting, origination or similar fee by the Company, the Sponsor
or any executive officer, director nominee or director of the Company, or their respective affiliates, with respect to the sale of the
Securities hereunder or any other arrangements, agreements or understandings of the Company or, to the knowledge of the Company, the Sponsor
or any executive officer, director nominee or director of the Company, or their respective affiliates, that may affect the Underwriters
compensation, as determined by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA).

(ii) The
Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or any other type of underwriting compensation
as defined in Rule 5110(j)(22) of the FINRA Manual) to: (i) any person, as a finders fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration
of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii)
any person that, to the Companys knowledge, has been accepted by FINRA as a member of FINRA (a Member); or
(iii) any person or entity that, to the Companys knowledge, has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any Member,
within the FINRA Review Period, as defined in Rule 5110(j)(20) of the FINRA Manual, other than payments to the Underwriters pursuant to
this Agreement.

15

(iii) Except
as described in the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, during the period beginning 180 days prior to the initial filing of the Registration
Statement and ending on the Effective Date, no Member and/or any person associated or affiliated with a Member has provided any investment
banking, financial advisory and/or consulting services to the Company.

(iv) Except
as disclosed in the FINRA questionnaires provided to the Representative or in the Statutory Prospectus or Prospectus, to the Companys
knowledge, no executive officer, director, or beneficial owner of any class of the Companys securities (whether debt or equity,
registered or unregistered, regardless of the time acquired or the source from which derived) (any such individual or entity, a Company
Affiliate) is a Member or a person associated or affiliated with a Member.

(v) Except
as disclosed in the FINRA questionnaires provided to the Representative, to the Companys knowledge, no Company Affiliate is an
owner of stock or other securities of any Member (other than securities purchased on the open market).

(vi) No
Company Affiliate has made a subordinated loan to any Member.

(vii) Except
as described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, no proceeds from the sale of the Securities (excluding
underwriting compensation as disclosed in the Registration Statement, Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus) will be paid by the Company
to any Member, or any persons associated or affiliated with a Member.

(viii) The
Company has not issued any warrants or other securities, or granted any options, directly or indirectly to anyone who is a Participating
Member (as defined in Rule 5110(j)(15) of the FINRA Manual) of such an underwriter within the 180-day period prior to the initial confidential
submission of the Registration Statement.

(ix) No
person to whom securities of the Company have been privately issued within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the
Registration Statement has, to the Companys knowledge, any relationship or affiliation or association with any Participating Member
(as defined in Rule 5110(j)(15) of the FINRA Manual).

(x) To
the Companys knowledge, no Participating Member (as defined in Rule 5110(j)(15) of the FINRA Manual) has a Conflict of Interest
(as defined in Rule 5121(f)(5) of the FINRA Manual).

(37) Non-Competition
Agreements. Except as described in the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, none of the Sponsor or, to the Companys knowledge,
none of the directors or executive officers of the Company is subject to a non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with
any employer or prior employer which could materially affect his, her or its ability to be and act in the capacity of shareholder, executive
officer or director of the Company, as applicable.

16

(38) Subsidiaries.
The Company does not own an interest in any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other entity.

(39) Related
Party Transactions. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among any of the Company or any affiliate of the Company,
on the one hand, and the Sponsor or any director, director nominee, executive officer, shareholder, special advisor, customer or supplier
of the Company or any affiliate of the Company, on the other hand, which is required by the Act or the Exchange Act to be described in
the Registration Statement, Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus which is not described as required. There are no outstanding loans,
advances (except normal advances for business expenses in the ordinary course of business) or guarantees of indebtedness by the Company
to or for the benefit of any of the executive officers, director nominees or directors of the Company or any of their respective family
members, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus. The Company has not extended or maintained
credit, arranged for the extension of credit, or renewed an extension of credit, in the form of a personal loan to or for any director
or officer of the Company.

(40) Free
Writing Prospectus. The Company has not prepared or used an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or made any offer that would otherwise
constitute a free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405) required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or
retained by the Company under Rule 433.

(41) Rule
419. Upon delivery and payment for the Securities on the Closing Date and the filing of the Closing Form 8-K, the Company will not
be subject to Rule 419 under the Act and none of the Companys outstanding securities will be deemed to be a penny stock
as defined in Rule 3a51-1 under the Exchange Act.

(42) Nasdaq
Global Market Listing Standards. Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable
efforts to maintain the listing of the Public Securities on the Nasdaq Global Market or a national securities exchange acceptable to the
Representative.

(43) Emerging
Growth Company. From the time of the initial confidential submission of the Registration Statement to the Commission (or, if earlier,
the first date on which the Company engaged, directly or through any person authorized to act on its behalf in, any Testing-the-Waters
Communication) through the Execution Time, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section
2(a) of the Act (an Emerging Growth Company). Testing-the-Waters Communication means any oral
or written communication with potential investors undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) or Rule 163B of the Act.

(44) Testing-the-Waters.
The Company (i) has not alone engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communication other than Testing-the-Waters Communications with the consent
of the Representative with entities that are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Act or institutions
that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Act and (ii) has not authorized anyone other than the Representative
to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company reconfirms that the Representative has been authorized to act on its behalf
in undertaking Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company has not distributed any Written Testing-the-Waters Communications other
than those listed on Schedule III hereto. Written Testing-the-Waters Communication means any Testing-the-Waters Communication
that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Act.

17

(45) Cayman
Qualification. It is not necessary under the laws of the Cayman Islands (i) to enable the Underwriters to enforce their rights under
this Agreement provided that they are not otherwise engaged in business in the Cayman Islands, or (ii) solely by reason of the execution,
delivery or consummation of this Agreement, for any of the Underwriters to be qualified or entitled to carry out business in the Cayman
Islands.

(46) Recognition
of Judgments. Although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the courts of the State of
New York, such judgments will be recognized and enforced in the courts of the Cayman Islands at common law, without any re-examination
of the merits of the underlying dispute, by an action commenced on the foreign judgment debt in the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands,
provided such judgment is given by a foreign court of competent jurisdiction, imposes on the judgment debtor a liability to pay a liquidated
sum for which the judgment has been given, is final, is not in respect of taxes, a fine or a penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands
judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud and was not obtained in a manner and is not of a kind the
enforcement of which is contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands.

(47) Payments
in Foreign Currency. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, and subject to
the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, under current laws and regulations of the Cayman Islands,
all dividends and other distributions declared and payable on the Securities may be paid by the Company to the holder thereof in United
States dollars or Cayman Islands dollars that may be converted into foreign currency and freely transferred out of the Cayman Islands
and all such payments made to holders thereof or therein who are non-residents of the Cayman Islands will not be subject to income, withholding
or other taxes under laws and regulations of the Cayman Islands or any taxing authority thereof or therein and will otherwise be free
and clear of any other tax, duty, withholding or deduction in the Cayman Islands or any taxing authority thereof or therein and without
the necessity of obtaining any governmental authorization in the Cayman Islands or any taxing authority thereof or therein.

Any certificate signed by any officer of the Company
and delivered to the Representative or counsel for the Underwriters in connection with the Offering shall be deemed a representation and
warranty by the Company, as to matters covered thereby, to each Underwriter.

18

2. Purchase
and Sale.

(a) Subject
to the terms and conditions and in reliance upon the representations and warranties herein set forth, the Company agrees to sell to each
Underwriter, and each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company, at a purchase price of $9.9875 per
Unit ($199,750,000 in the aggregate), the amount of the Underwritten Securities set forth opposite such Underwriters name in Schedule
I hereto.

(b) Subject
to the terms and conditions and in reliance upon the representations and warranties set forth herein, the Company hereby grants an option
to the several Underwriters to purchase, severally and not jointly, up to 3,000,000 Option Securities at $10.00 per Unit. This option
may be exercised only to cover over-allotments in the sale of the Underwritten Securities by the Underwriters. This option may be exercised
in whole or in part at any time on or before the 45th day after the date of the Prospectus upon written or telegraphic notice by the Representative
to the Company setting forth the number of Option Securities as to which the several Underwriters are exercising the option and the Option
Closing Date. Each Underwriter shall purchase the same percentage of the total number of Option Securities to be purchased by the several
Underwriters as such Underwriter is purchasing of the Underwritten Securities, subject to such adjustments as the Representative in its
absolute discretion shall make to eliminate any fractional shares.

(c) In
addition to the discount from the public offering price represented by the purchase price set forth in the first sentence of Section 2(a)
of this Agreement, the Company hereby agrees to pay to the Underwriters a deferred discount of $0.30 per Unit (for both Underwritten Securities
and Option Securities) purchased hereunder (the Deferred Discount). Such Deferred Discount will be subject to pro
rata reduction based on the extent of redemptions that reduce the account of the Trust Account at the time of the consummation of the
Companys initial Business Combination (or earlier in case of any other redemption event) and will otherwise be allocated to members
of FINRA who have assisted in the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination, at the discretion of the Sponsor.
The Representative agrees that the Deferred Discount will be deposited and held in the Trust Account and payable directly from the Trust
Account, without accrued interest, to the Representative for their own account and the account of the Underwriters upon the occurrence
of the initial Business Combination, subject to the provisions hereof. The Underwriters hereby agree that if no Initial Business Combination
is consummated within the time period provided in the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and the funds held under
the Trust Agreement are distributed to the holders of the Class A Ordinary Shares included in the Securities sold pursuant to this Agreement
(the Public Shareholders), (i) the Underwriters will forfeit any rights or claims to the Deferred Discount and (ii)
the Trustee, under the Trust Agreement, is authorized to distribute the Deferred Discount to the Public Shareholders on a pro rata basis.
For the avoidance of doubt, the obligations of each Underwriter under this Agreement shall be fully satisfied upon the payment of the
purchase price for the Securities purchased by such Underwriter on the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date without any further conditions.

3. Delivery
and Payment.

(a) Delivery
of and payment for the Underwritten Securities and the Option Securities (if the option provided for in Section 2(b) hereof shall have
been exercised on or before the first Business Day prior to the Closing Date) shall be made at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on March
3, 2025, or at such time on such later date not more than five Business Days after the foregoing date as the Representative shall designate,
which date and time may be postponed by agreement between the Representative and the Company or as provided in Section 9 hereof (such
date and time of delivery and payment for the Securities being herein called the Closing Date). Delivery of the Securities
shall be made to the Representative for the respective accounts of the several Underwriters against payment by the several Underwriters
through the Representative of the purchase price thereof by wire transfer payable in same-day funds to an account specified by the Company
and to the Trust Account as described below in this Section 3. Delivery of the Underwritten Securities and the Option Securities shall
be made through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company (DTC) unless the Representative shall otherwise instruct.

19

(b) Payment
for the Underwritten Securities shall be made as follows: $199,750,000 of the proceeds received by the Company for the Underwritten Securities,
including $6,000,000 of the Deferred Discount, shall be deposited in the Trust Account pursuant to the terms of the Trust Agreement, along
with such portion of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants in order for the Trust Account to equal the product
of the number of Units sold and the public offering price per Unit as set forth on the cover of the Prospectus, upon delivery to the Representative
of the Underwritten Securities through the facilities of DTC or, if the Representative has otherwise instructed, upon delivery to the
Representative of certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) representing the Underwritten Securities, in
each case for the account of the Underwriters. The Underwritten Securities shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized
denominations as the Representative may request in writing at least two Business Days prior to the Closing Date. If delivery is not made
through the facilities of DTC, the Company will permit the Representative to examine and package the Underwritten Securities for delivery,
at least one Business Day prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Underwritten Securities
except upon tender of payment by the Representative for all the Underwritten Securities. Payment by the Underwriters for the Underwritten
Securities is contingent on the payment by the Sponsor to the Trust Account for the Private Placement Warrants at least one Business Day
prior to the Closing Date.

(c) Payment
for the Option Securities shall be made as follows: $10.00 per Option Security (including any Deferred Discount attributable to the Option
Securities) shall be deposited in the Trust Account pursuant to the terms of the Trust Agreement, along with such portion of the gross
proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants in order for the Trust Account to equal the product of the number of Units sold
and the public offering price per Unit as set forth on the cover of the Prospectus, upon delivery to the Representative of the Option
Securities through the facilities of DTC or, if the Representative has otherwise instructed, upon delivery to the Representative of certificates
(in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) representing the Option Securities (or through the facilities of DTC) for the
account of the Underwriters. The Option Securities shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the
Representative may request in writing at least two Business Days prior to the Closing Date. If delivery is not made through the facilities
of DTC, the Company will permit the Representative to examine and package the Option Securities for delivery, at least one Business Day
prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Option Securities except upon tender of payment by
the Representative for all the Option Securities. Payment by the Underwriters for the Option Securities is contingent on the payment by
the Sponsor to the Trust Account for the Private Placement Warrants at least one Business Day prior to the applicable Option Closing Date.

20

(d) If
the option provided for in Section 2(b) hereof is exercised after the second Business Day prior to the Closing Date, the Company will
deliver the Option Securities (at the expense of the Company) to the Representative, at c/o Santander US Capital Markets LLC, 437 Madison
Avenue, New York, New York 10022, on the date specified by the Representative (which shall be within three Business Days after exercise
of said option) for the respective accounts of the several Underwriters, against payment by the several Underwriters through the Representative
of the purchase price thereof to the Trust Account as described above in Section 3(c). If settlement for the Option Securities occurs
after the Closing Date, the Company will deliver to the Representative on the Option Closing Date for the Option Securities, and the obligation
of the Underwriters to purchase the Option Securities shall be conditioned upon receipt of, supplemental opinions, certificates and letters
confirming as of such date the opinions, certificates and letters delivered on the Closing Date pursuant to Section 6 hereof.

4. Offering
by the Underwriters. It is understood that the several Underwriters propose to offer the Securities for sale to the public as set
forth in the Prospectus.

5. Agreements.
The Company agrees with the several Underwriters that:

(a) Filing
of Prospectus; Notice to Representative; Stop Orders. Prior to the termination of the Offering, the Company will not file any amendment
to the Registration Statement or supplement to the Prospectus or any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement unless the Company has furnished
the Representative a copy for its review prior to filing and will not file any such proposed amendment, supplement or Rule 462(b) Registration
Statement to which the Representative reasonably objects. The Company will cause the Prospectus, properly completed, and any supplement
thereto to be filed in a form approved by the Representative with the Commission pursuant to the applicable paragraph of Rule 424(b) within
the time period prescribed and will provide evidence satisfactory to the Representative of such timely filing. The Company will promptly
advise the Representative (i) when the Prospectus, and any supplement thereto, shall have been filed (if required) with the Commission
pursuant to Rule 424(b) or when any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication shall have been
filed with the Commission, (ii) when, prior to termination of the Offering, any amendment to the Registration Statement shall have been
filed or become effective, (iii) of any request by the Commission or its staff for any amendment of the Registration Statement, any Rule
462(b) Registration Statement or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication or for any supplement to the Prospectus or for any additional
information, (iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of
any notice objecting to its use or the institution or threatening of any proceeding for that purpose, including, without limitation, pursuant
to Section 8A of the Act, and (v) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification
of the Securities for sale in any jurisdiction or the institution or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose. The Company will
use its best efforts to prevent the issuance of any such stop order or the occurrence of any such suspension or objection to the use of
the Registration Statement and, upon such issuance, occurrence or notice of objection, to obtain as soon as possible the withdrawal of
such stop order or relief from such occurrence or objection, including, if necessary, by filing an amendment to the Registration Statement
or a new registration statement and using its best efforts to have such amendment or new registration statement declared effective as
soon as practicable.

21

(b) Statutory
Prospectus. If, at any time prior to the filing of the Prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b), any event occurs as a result of which the
Statutory Prospectus would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements
therein in the light of the circumstances under which they were made at such time not misleading, or if it shall be necessary to amend
the Registration Statement or supplement the Statutory Prospectus to comply with the Act or the rules thereunder, the Company will (i)
notify promptly the Representative so that any use of the Statutory Prospectus may cease until it is amended or supplemented; (ii) amend
or supplement the Statutory Prospectus to correct such statement or omission; and (iii) supply any amendment or supplement to the Representative
in such quantities as the Representative may reasonably request.

(c) Amendment
to Prospectus. If, at any time when a prospectus relating to the Securities is required to be delivered under the Act (including in
circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172), any event occurs as a result of which the Prospectus as then
supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements
therein in the light of the circumstances under which they were made at such time not misleading, or if it shall be necessary to amend
the Registration Statement or supplement the Prospectus to comply with the Act or the rules thereunder, the Company promptly will (i)
notify the Representative of any such event; (ii) prepare and file with the Commission, subject to the second sentence of paragraph (a)
of this Section 5, an amendment or supplement which will correct such statement or omission or effect such compliance; and (iii) supply
any supplemented Prospectus to the Representative in such quantities as the Representative may reasonably request.

(d) Delivery
of Earnings Statements. As soon as practicable, the Company will make generally available to its security holders and to the Representative
an earnings statement or statements of the Company and its subsidiaries which will satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Act
and Rule 158.

(e) Delivery
of Documents. The Company will furnish to the Representative and counsel for the Underwriters, without charge, signed copies of the
Registration Statement (including exhibits thereto) and to each other Underwriter a copy of the Registration Statement (without exhibits
thereto) and, so long as delivery of a prospectus by an Underwriter or dealer may be required by the Act (including in circumstances where
such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172), as many copies of each Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus and any supplement
thereto as the Representative may reasonably request. The Company will pay the expenses of printing or other production of all documents
relating to the Offering.

(f) Qualification
of Securities. The Company will arrange, if necessary, for the qualification of the Securities for sale under the laws of such jurisdictions
as the Representative may designate and will maintain such qualifications in effect so long as required for the distribution of the Securities;
provided that in no event shall the Company be obligated to qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not now so qualified
or to take any action that would subject it to service of process in suits, other than those arising out of the offering or sale of the
Securities, in any jurisdiction where it is not now so subject.

22

(g) Lock-Up.
The Company will not, without the prior written consent of the Representative, offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge, hedge or otherwise
dispose of (or enter into any transaction that is designed to, or might reasonably be expected to, result in the disposition (whether
by actual disposition or effective economic disposition due to cash settlement or otherwise) by the Company or any affiliate of the Company
or any person in privity with the Company or any affiliate of the Company), directly or indirectly, including the filing (or participation
in the filing) of a registration statement with the Commission in respect of, or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate
or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act with respect to, any other Units, Class A
Ordinary Shares, Public Warrants or any securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, Class A Ordinary Shares or publicly
announce an intention to effect any such transaction during the period commencing on the date hereof and ending 180 days after the date
of this Agreement; provided, however, that the Company may (1) issue and sell the Private Placement Warrants, (2) issue
and sell the Option Securities on exercise of the option provided for in Section 2(b) hereof, (3) register with the Commission pursuant
to the Registration Rights Agreement, in accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, the resale of the Founder Shares,
the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise thereof and (4) issue securities in connection with
the Companys Initial Business Combination.

(h) No
Stabilization or Manipulation. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that would constitute
or that might reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the
price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities.

(i) Payment
of Expenses. The Company agrees to pay the costs and expenses relating to the following matters: (i) the preparation, printing or
reproduction and filing with the Commission of the Registration Statement (including financial statements and exhibits thereto), each
Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, and each amendment or supplement to any of them; (ii) the printing (or reproduction) and delivery
(including postage, air freight charges and charges for counting and packaging) of such copies of the Registration Statement, each Preliminary
Prospectus, the Prospectus and all amendments or supplements to any of them, as may, in each case, be reasonably requested for use in
connection with the offering and sale of the Securities; (iii) the preparation, printing, authentication, issuance and delivery of certificates,
if any, for the Securities, including any stamp or transfer taxes in connection with the original issuance and sale of the Securities;
(iv) the printing (or reproduction) and delivery of this Agreement, and all other agreements or documents printed (or reproduced) and
delivered in connection with the Offering; (v) the registration of the Securities under the Exchange Act and the listing of the Securities
on the Nasdaq Global Market; (vi) the printing and delivery of a preliminary blue sky memorandum, any registration or qualification of
the Securities for offer and sale under the securities or blue sky laws of the several U.S. States (including filing fees and the reasonable
and documented fees and expenses of counsel for the Underwriters relating to such registration and qualification); (vii) any filings required
to be made with FINRA (including filing fees and up to $35,000 for the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of counsel for the
Underwriters relating to such filings); (viii) the transportation and other expenses incurred by the Company and its executive officers
(and not the Underwriters) in connection with presentations to prospective purchasers of the Securities; (ix) the fees and expenses of
the Companys accountants and the fees and expenses of counsel (including local and special counsel) for the Company; and (x) all
other costs and expenses incident to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder.

23

(j) Use
of Free Writing Prospectus. The Company agrees that it will not make any offer relating to the Securities that would constitute an
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405) required
to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by the Company under Rule 433.

(k) Maintenance
of Registration. For a period of at least five (5) years from the Effective Date, or until such earlier time upon which the Company
is required to be liquidated, the Company will use its best efforts to maintain the registration of the Units, Class A Ordinary Shares
and Public Warrants under the provisions of the Exchange Act, except after giving effect to a going private transaction after the completion
of an Initial Business Combination. The Company will not deregister the Units, Class A Ordinary Shares or Public Warrants under the Exchange
Act (except in connection with a going private transaction after the completion of an Initial Business Combination) without the prior
written consent of the Representative.

(l) Form
8-K. The Company shall, on the date hereof, retain its independent registered public accounting firm to audit the balance sheet of
the Company as of the Closing Date (the Audited Balance Sheet) reflecting the receipt by the Company of the proceeds
of the Offering on the Closing Date. As soon as the Audited Balance Sheet becomes available, the Company shall promptly, but not later
than four (4) Business Days after the Closing Date, file the Closing Form 8-K with the Commission, which shall contain the Companys
Audited Balance Sheet. Additionally, if not disclosed on the Closing Form 8-K, upon the Companys receipt of the proceeds from the
exercise of all or any portion of the option provided for in Section 2(b) hereof, the Company shall promptly, but not later than four
(4) Business Days after the receipt of such proceeds, file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission, which report shall disclose
the Companys sale of the Option Securities and its receipt of the proceeds therefrom.

(m) Review
of Financial Statements. For a period commencing on the Effective Date and ending at least five (5) years from the date of the consummation
of the Initial Business Combination or until such earlier time at which the Company is required to be liquidated or the Class A Ordinary
Shares and Public Warrants cease to be publicly traded, the Company, at its expense, shall cause its regularly engaged independent registered
public accounting firm to review (but not audit) the Companys financial statements for each of the first three fiscal quarters
prior to the announcement of quarterly financial information, the filing of the Companys Form 10-Q quarterly report and the mailing,
if any, of quarterly financial information to shareholders.

(n) Publicly
Available Statements and Reports. For a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date or until such earlier time that the Company
is required to be liquidated or the Class A Ordinary Shares and Public Warrants cease to be publicly traded, the Company will furnish
to the Representative such copies of financial statements and other periodic and special reports as the Company from time to time furnishes
generally to holders of any class of its securities and such additional documents and information with respect to the Company as the Representative
may from time to time reasonably request. Any financial statements and reports filed on the Commissions EDGAR website or otherwise
available on the Companys website will be considered furnished for purposes of this section.

24

(o) Affiliate
Transactions. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Company shall not pay the Sponsor, any of the Companys
directors or executive officers, any special advisor, or any of the Companys or their respective affiliates any fees or compensation
of any kind (including finders and consulting fees, reimbursement, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation
paid by the Company to the Sponsor, the Companys executive officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, except as
otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement) for services rendered to the Company prior to, or in connection with, the consummation
of the Initial Business Combination.

(p) Net
Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from the Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants received by it
in a manner consistent with the applications described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Statutory Prospectus
and the Prospectus.

(q) Notice
to FINRA.

(1) For
a period of 60 days following the Effective Date, in the event any person or entity (regardless of any FINRA affiliation or association)
is engaged to assist the Company in its search for a merger candidate or to provide any other merger and acquisition services, or has
provided or will provide any investment banking, financial, advisory and/or consulting services to the Company, provided that such services
are relevant to the underwriting terms and arrangements of the Offering, the Company agrees that it shall promptly provide the Representative
and its counsel a notification prior to entering into the agreement or transaction relating to a potential Initial Business Combination:
(i) the identity of the person or entity providing any such services; (ii) complete details of all such services and copies of all agreements
governing such services; and (iii) justification as to why the value received by any person or entity for such services is not underwriting
compensation for the Offering. The Company also agrees that proper disclosure of such arrangement or potential arrangement will be made
in the tender offer materials or proxy statement, as applicable, which the Company may file in connection with the Initial Business Combination
for purposes of offering redemption of shares held by its shareholders or for soliciting shareholder approval, as applicable.

(2) The
Company agrees that proper disclosure of any arrangement or potential arrangement that the Company has with any person or entity to assist
the Company in its search for a merger candidate or to provide any other merger and acquisition services or investment banking, financial,
advisory and/or consulting services will be made in the tender offer materials or proxy statement, as applicable, which the Company may
file in connection with the Initial Business Combination for purposes of offering redemption of shares held by its shareholders or for
soliciting shareholder approval, as applicable. To the extent that the Company discloses arrangements with respect to the Representative,
the Company will provide the Representative with an opportunity to review and comment on any such tender offer materials or proxy statement.

25

(3) The
Company shall advise FINRA, the Representative and its counsel if it is aware that any 10% or greater shareholder of the Company becomes
an affiliate or associated person of a Member participating in the distribution of the Companys Securities.

(r) Investment
Company. The Company shall cause the proceeds of the Offering and the portion of proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants
to be held in the Trust Account to be invested only in United States government securities within the meaning of Section
2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under
Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as set forth
in the Trust Agreement and disclosed in the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus. The Company will otherwise conduct its business in
a manner so that it will not become subject to the Investment Company Act. Furthermore, once the Company consummates the Initial Business
Combination, it will be engaged in a business other than that of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading securities.

(s) Reservation
of Shares. The Company will reserve and keep available that maximum number of its authorized but unissued securities which are issuable
upon the exercise of any of the Public Warrants, the Private Placement Warrants and any Working Capital Warrants and upon the conversion
of the Founder Shares, outstanding from time to time.

(t) Issuance
of Shares. Prior to the consummation of the Initial Business Combination or the liquidation of the Trust Account, except in connection
with the conversion of Founder Shares pursuant to Article 17 of the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
where the holders of such shares have waived any rights to receive funds from the Trust Account, the Company shall not issue any Class
A Ordinary Shares, Public Warrants or any options or other securities convertible into Class A Ordinary Shares, or any shares of preferred
stock, in each case, which participate in any manner in the Trust Account or which vote as a class with the Class A Ordinary Shares on
an Initial Business Combination.

(u) Independent
Director Review of Expenses. Prior to the consummation of the Initial Business Combination or the liquidation of the Trust Account,
the Company shall cause its board of directors to review and approve all payments made to the Sponsor, any of the Companys directors
or executive officers, any special advisor, or any of the Companys or their respective affiliates, with any interested directors
abstaining from such review and approval.

(v) Rule
419. The Company agrees that it will use its best efforts to prevent the Company from becoming subject to Rule 419 under the Act prior
to the consummation of the Initial Business Combination, including, but not limited to, using its best efforts to prevent any of the Companys
outstanding securities from being deemed to be a penny stock as defined in Rule 3a-51-1 under the Exchange Act during such
period.

26

(w) Internal
Controls. The Company will maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange
Act) and a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that: (1) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorization, (2) transactions are recorded as necessary in order to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets, (3) access to assets is permitted only in accordance
with managements general or specific authorization, and (4) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets
at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

(x) Sarbanes-Oxley,
Nasdaq Global Market Listing Standards. As soon as legally required to do so, the Company and its directors and executive officers,
in their capacities as such, shall take all actions necessary to comply with any applicable provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, including
Section 402 related to loans and Sections 302 and 906 related to certifications, and to comply with the Nasdaq Global Market Listing Standards.

(y) No
Violation of Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. The Company shall not take any action or omit to take any
action that would cause the Company to be in breach or violation of its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association.

(z) Transfer
and Warrant Agent. For a period commencing on the Effective Date and ending at least five (5) years from the date of the consummation
of the Initial Business Combination or until such earlier time at which the Company is required to be liquidated or the Class A Ordinary
Shares and Public Warrants cease to be publicly traded, the Company shall retain a transfer and warrant agent.

(aa) Initial Business Combination.

(1) Trust
Account Waiver Acknowledgment. The Company will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than independent accountants),
prospective target businesses or other entities with which it does business enter into agreements waiving any right, title, interest or
claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of the Public Shareholders. If a prospective target business,
vendor, service provider or third party were to refuse to enter into such a waiver, management will perform an analysis of the alternatives
available to it and will only enter into an agreement with or engage such target, business, vendor, service provider or third party that
has not executed a waiver if management believes that doing so would be significantly more beneficial than any alternative.

27

(2) Initial
Business Combination/Distribution Procedure. The Company, subject to any applicable provision of the Companys Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association, may consummate the Initial Business Combination and conduct redemptions of Class A Ordinary Shares
for cash upon consummation of such Initial Business Combination without a shareholder vote pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of
the Exchange Act, including the filing of tender offer documents with the Commission. Such tender offer documents will contain substantially
the same financial and other information about the Initial Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under the Commissions
proxy rules and will provide each shareholder of the Company with the opportunity prior to the consummation of the Initial Business Combination
to redeem the Class A Ordinary Shares held by such shareholder for an amount of cash equal to (A) the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account calculated as of two Business Days prior to the consummation of the Initial Business Combination representing (x)
the proceeds held in the Trust Account from the Offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants and (y)
any interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to pay the Companys taxes, if any, divided
by (B) the total number of Public Shares then outstanding. In the event the Company conducts redemptions pursuant to the tender offer
rules, the Companys offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 Business Days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the
Exchange Act, and the Company will not be permitted to complete the Initial Business Combination until the expiration of the tender offer
period. If, however, the Company elects not to file such tender offer documents, a shareholder vote is required by law or stock exchange
listing requirement in connection with the Initial Business Combination, or the Company decides to hold a shareholder vote for business
or other reasons, the Company will submit such Initial Business Combination to the Companys shareholders for their approval (the
Business Combination Vote). The Company will give not less than ten (10) days prior written notice of any
such meeting, if required, at which a Business Combination Vote shall be taken. With respect to the Business Combination Vote, if any,
the Sponsor and the Companys initial shareholders, executive officers and directors have agreed to vote all of their Founder Shares
and Public Shares in favor of the Companys Initial Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval of the Initial
Business Combination, the Company will offer to each Public Shareholder holding Class A Ordinary Shares the right to have its shares redeemed
in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules of the Commission at a per share redemption price (the Redemption
Price) equal to (I) the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two Business Days prior to the
consummation of the Initial Business Combination representing (1) the proceeds held in the Trust Account from the Offering and certain
proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants and (2) any interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously
released to pay the Companys income taxes, if any, divided by (II) the total number of Public Shares then outstanding. If the Company
seeks shareholder approval of the Initial Business Combination, the Company may proceed with such Initial Business Combination only if
it receives an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, which
requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person
or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting of the Company. If, after seeking and receiving such shareholder
approval, the Company elects to so proceed, it will redeem shares, at the Redemption Price, from those Public Shareholders who affirmatively
requested (and did not validly withdraw) such redemption. Only Public Shareholders holding Class A Ordinary Shares who properly exercise
their redemption rights, in accordance with the applicable tender offer or proxy materials related to such Initial Business Combination,
shall be entitled to receive distributions from the Trust Account in connection with an Initial Business Combination, and the Company
shall pay no distributions with respect to any other holders of ordinary shares of the Company in connection therewith. In the event that
the Company does not effect an Initial Business Combination within the time period set forth in the Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles of Association, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten (10) Business Days thereafter (and subject to lawfully available funds), redeem the Public Shares, at a
per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including any interest earned on
the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to pay the Companys income taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of
interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the total number of Public Shares then outstanding, which redemption will completely
extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any),
subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Companys
remaining shareholders and the Companys board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Companys
obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Only Public Shareholders
holding Class A Ordinary Shares included in the Securities shall be entitled to receive such redemption amounts and the Company shall
pay no such redemption amounts or any distributions in liquidation with respect to any other ordinary shares of the Company, except that
in the case of a liquidation of the Company following such redemption the Company may pay liquidating distributions (if any) to all remaining
shareholders of the Company in accordance with Cayman Islands law. The Company will not propose any amendment to the Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to provide for the redemption
of its Public Shares in connection with its Initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of its Public Shares if the Company has not
consummated an Initial Business Combination within the time period set forth in the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of the Public Shares or pre-Initial Business Combination
activity, unless it provides its Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A Ordinary Shares upon approval of any
such amendment, as described in the Statutory Prospectus and Prospectus.

28

(3) In
the event that the Company desires or is required by an applicable law or regulation to cause an announcement (the Business
Combination Announcement) to be placed in The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times or any other news or media publication
or outlet or to be made via a public filing with the Commission announcing the consummation of the Initial Business Combination that indicates
that the Underwriters were the underwriters in the Offering, the Company shall supply the Representative with a draft of the Business
Combination Announcement and provide the Representative with a reasonable advance opportunity to comment thereon, subject to the agreement
of the Underwriters to keep confidential such draft announcement in accordance with the Representatives standard policies regarding
confidential information.

(bb) Deferred Compensation. Upon the
consummation of the Initial Business Combination, the Company will cause the Trustee to pay to the Representative, on behalf of the Underwriters,
the Deferred Discount in accordance with the terms of Section 2(c) of this Agreement. Payment of the Deferred Discount will be made out
of the proceeds of the Offering held in the Trust Account. The Underwriters shall have no claim to payment of any interest earned on the
portion of the proceeds held in the Trust Account representing the Deferred Discount. If the Company fails to consummate its Initial Business
Combination within the time period prescribed in the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, the Deferred Discount
will not be paid to the Representative and will, instead, be included in the liquidation distribution of the proceeds held in the Trust
Account made to the Public Shareholders. In connection with any such liquidation distribution, the Underwriters will forfeit any rights
or claims to the Deferred Discount.

(cc) The Company will use commercially reasonable
efforts to effect and, for a period commencing on the Effective Date and ending at least five (5) years from the date of the consummation
of the Initial Business Combination or until such earlier time at which the liquidation occurs or the Class A Ordinary Shares and Public
Warrants cease to be publicly traded, maintain the listing of the Securities, Class A Ordinary Shares and Public Warrants on the Nasdaq
Global Market (or another national securities exchange).

(dd) If at any time following the distribution
of any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication, any event occurs as a result of which such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication would
include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made at such time not misleading, the Company will (i) notify promptly the Representative so
that use of the Written Testing-the-Waters Communication may cease until it is amended or supplemented; (ii) amend or supplement the Written
Testing-the-Waters Communication to correct such statement or omission; and (iii) supply any amendment or supplement to the Representative
in such quantities as may be reasonably requested.

(ee) The Company will promptly notify the Representative
if the Company ceases to be an Emerging Growth Company at any time prior to the later of (a) completion of the distribution of the Securities
within the meaning of the Act and (b) completion of the 180-day restricted period referred to in Section 5(g) hereof.

(ff) Upon the earlier to occur of the expiration
or termination of the Underwriters over-allotment option, the Company shall cancel or otherwise effect the forfeiture and/or surrender
for no consideration of Founder Shares from the Sponsor, in an aggregate amount equal to the number of Founder Shares determined by multiplying
(a) 750,000 by (b) a fraction, (i) the numerator of which is 3,000,000 minus the number of Class A Ordinary Shares purchased by the Underwriters
upon the exercise of their over-allotment option, and (ii) the denominator of which is 3,000,000. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Underwriters
exercise their over-allotment option in full, the Company shall not cancel or otherwise effect the forfeiture and/or surrender for no
consideration of the Founder Shares pursuant to this subsection.

29

(gg) The Company will deliver to the Representative
executed copies of the Trust Agreement, the Warrant Agreement, the Securities Subscription Agreement, the Private Placement Warrants Purchase
Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Administrative Services Agreement, the Promissory Note and the Insider Letter.

(hh) In no event will the amounts payable by
the Company under the Administrative Services Agreement be more than $17,500 per month in the aggregate for office space, utilities and
secretarial and administrative support from the date that the Units are first listed on the Nasdaq Global Market until the earlier of
the date of the consummation of the Initial Business Combination or until the time that the Company is required to liquidate.

6. Conditions
to the Obligations of the Underwriters. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase the Underwritten Securities and the Option
Securities, as the case may be, shall be subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company contained
herein as of the Execution Time, the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date pursuant to Section 3 hereof, to the accuracy of the statements
of the Company made in any certificates pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder
and to the following additional conditions:

(a) Filing
of Prospectus; No Stop Order. The Prospectus, and any supplement thereto, have been filed in the manner and within the time period
required by Rule 424(b); any other material required to be filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Act shall have been
filed with the Commission within the applicable time periods prescribed for such filings by Rule 433; and no stop order suspending the
effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any notice objecting to its use shall have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose
shall have been instituted or threatened, including, without limitation in each case pursuant to Section 8A of the Act.

(b) Opinion
of Counsel for the Company. The Company shall have requested and caused Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, U.S. counsel for the Company,
and Ogier (Cayman) LLP, Cayman Islands counsel for the Company, to have furnished to the Representative their opinions and, in the case
of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, negative assurance letter dated the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, as applicable, and
addressed to the Representative in form and substance acceptable to the Representative.

(c) Opinion
of Counsel for the Representative. The Representative shall have received from Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP, counsel for the Underwriters,
its opinion and negative assurance letter dated the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, as applicable, and addressed to the Representative
in form and substance acceptable to the Representative.

30

(d) Officers
Certificate. The Company shall have furnished to the Representative a certificate of the Company, signed by the Chief Executive Officer
and the principal financial or accounting officer of the Company, dated the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, as applicable, to
the effect that the signers of such certificate have carefully examined the Registration Statement, each Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus
and any amendment or supplement thereto, as well as each electronic road show (as defined in Rule 433(h) of the Act) used
in connection with the Offering, and this Agreement and that:

(1) the
representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct on and as of the Closing Date and the Option Closing
Date, as applicable, with the same effect as if made on such Closing Date or Option Closing Date, and the Company has complied with all
the agreements and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to such Closing Date or Option Closing
Date;

(2) no
stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any notice objecting to its use has been issued and no proceedings
for that purpose have been instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened; and

(3) since
the date of the most recent financial statements included in the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus (exclusive of any supplement
thereto), there has been no Material Adverse Effect, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, except
as set forth in or contemplated in the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus (exclusive of any supplement thereto).

(e) Chief
Executive Officers Certificate. The Company shall have furnished to the Representative a certificate signed by the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, dated the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, as applicable, certifying (i) that the Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association is true and complete, has not been modified and is in full force and effect, (ii) that the resolutions
relating to the Offering contemplated by this Agreement are in full force and effect and have not been modified, (iii) copies of all correspondence
between the Company or its counsel and the Commission, and (iv) as to the incumbency of the executive officers of the Company. The documents
referred to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

(f) Comfort
Letters. The Company shall have requested and caused Withum to have furnished to the Representative, at the Execution Time, at the
Closing Date and at the Option Closing Date, as applicable, letters, dated respectively as of the Execution Time, as of the Closing Date
and as of the Option Closing Date, as applicable, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative, confirming that they are a
registered public accounting firm that is independent with respect to the Company within the meaning of the Act and the Exchange Act and
the applicable rules and regulations adopted by the Commission thereunder and that they have performed a review of the audited financial
statements of the Company for the period from November 27, 2024 (the date of inception) through December 31, 2024, provided that the cutoff
date shall not be more than two Business Days prior to such Execution Time, Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as applicable, and stating
in effect that:

(i) in
their opinion the audited financial statements and financial statement schedules included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory
Prospectus and the Prospectus and reported on by them comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements
of the Act and the related rules and regulations adopted by the Commission;

31

(ii) they
have performed certain other specified procedures as a result of which they determined that certain information of an accounting, financial
or statistical nature (which is limited to accounting, financial or statistical information derived from the general accounting records
of the Company) set forth in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, including the information set forth
under the captions Dilution and Capitalization in the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, agrees with
the accounting records of the Company, excluding any questions of legal interpretation; and

(iii) statements
as to such other matters incident to the transaction contemplated hereby as the Representative may reasonably request.

References to the Prospectus in this paragraph
(f) include any supplement thereto at the date of the letter.

(g) Material
Change. Subsequent to the Execution Time or, if earlier, the dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement
(exclusive of any amendment thereof), the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto),
there shall not have been (1) any change or decrease specified in the letter or letters referred to in paragraph (f) of this Section 6
or (2) any change, or any development involving a prospective change, in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise), prospects,
management, earnings, business or properties of the Company, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business,
except as set forth in or contemplated in the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus (exclusive of any supplement thereto) the effect
of which, in any case referred to in clause (1) or (2) above, is, in the sole judgment of the Representative, so material and adverse
as to make it impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the offering or delivery of the Securities as contemplated by the Registration
Statement (exclusive of any amendment thereof), the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus (exclusive of any amendment or supplement
thereto).

(h) Further
Information. Prior to the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, as applicable, the Company shall have furnished to the Representative
such further information, certificates and documents as the Representative may reasonably request.

(i) FINRA.
FINRA shall not have raised any objection with respect to the fairness or reasonableness of the underwriting or other arrangements of
the transactions contemplated hereby.

(j) Nasdaq
Global Market. The Public Securities have been authorized for listing, subject to official notice of issuance and evidence of satisfactory
distribution, on the Nasdaq Global Market and the Company knows of no reason or set of facts that is likely to adversely affect such authorization.

(k) Delivery
of Agreements. On the Effective Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed copies of the Trust Agreement,
the Warrant Agreement, the Securities Subscription Agreement, the Promissory Note, the Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement,
the Administrative Services Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement and the Insider Letter.

32

(l) Trust
Account. On the Closing Date, the Company shall have furnished to the Representative one or more certificates signed by an authorized
officer of the Trustee to the effect of certifying that $201,000,000 (and, if Options Securities have been purchased, the applicable amount
due in consideration for such Options Securities pursuant to this Agreement and the Registration Statement) shall have been deposited
in the Trust Account.

(m) No
Stop Orders. No order preventing or suspending the sale of the Units in any jurisdiction designated by the Representative shall have
been issued as of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, as applicable, and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted
or shall have been threatened.

(n) Deposit.
At least one (1) Business Day prior to the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as applicable, the Company shall have caused the required
proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants to be deposited into the Trust Account, such that the cumulative amount deposited
into the Trust Account as of such Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as applicable, shall equal the product of the number of Units sold
in the Offering as of such Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as applicable, and the public offering price per Unit as set forth on
the cover of the Prospectus.

If any of the conditions specified in this Section
6 shall not have been fulfilled when and as provided in this Agreement, or if any of the opinions and certificates mentioned above or
elsewhere in this Agreement shall not be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative and counsel for the Underwriters,
this Agreement and all obligations of the Underwriters hereunder may be cancelled at, or at any time prior to, the Closing Date or the
Option Closing Date, as applicable, by the Representative. Notice of such cancellation shall be given to the Company in writing or by
telephone or facsimile confirmed in writing.

The documents required to be delivered by this
Section 6 shall be delivered electronically, or if by mail, at the office of Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP, counsel for the Underwriters,
at 450 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10017, on the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, as applicable.

7. Reimbursement
of Underwriters Expenses. If the sale of the Securities provided for herein is not consummated because any condition to the
obligations of the Underwriters set forth in Section 6 hereof is not satisfied, because of any termination pursuant to Section 10 hereof
or because of any refusal, inability or failure on the part of the Company to perform any agreement herein or comply with any provision
hereof other than by reason of a default by any of the Underwriters, the Company will reimburse the Underwriters severally through the
Representative on demand for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable and documented fees and disbursements
of counsel) that shall have been incurred by them in connection with the proposed purchase and sale of the Securities.

8. Indemnification
and Contribution.

(a) The
Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, the directors, officers, employees, affiliates and agents of each Underwriter,
each person who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of either the Act or the Exchange Act and each affiliate of each Underwriter
against any and all losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which they or any of them may become subject under the
Act, the Exchange Act or other U.S. federal or state statutory law or regulation, at common law or otherwise, insofar as such losses,
claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact contained in (i) the Registration Statement for the registration of the Securities as originally filed or in any amendment
thereof, or in any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, any road show as defined in Rule 433(h) of the Act or any Written
Testing-the-Waters Communication, or in any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or
alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading,
or (ii) in any materials or information, including roadshow materials, provided to investors by, or with the approval of, the Company
in connection with obtaining shareholder approval of the Initial Business Combination, including any road show or investor presentations
made to investors by the Company (whether in person or electronically), or in any proxy statement, prospectus (or any amendment or supplement
thereto), any preliminary prospectus, or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication, in each case used in connection with the Initial
Business Combination, and agrees to reimburse each such indemnified party, as incurred, for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred
by them in connection with investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action; provided, however,
that the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is
based upon any such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made therein in reliance upon and in
conformity with written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of any Underwriter through the Representative specifically
for inclusion therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information
described in the last sentence of Section 8(b) hereof. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability which the Company
may otherwise have.

33

(b) Each
Underwriter severally and not jointly agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each of its directors, each of its executive
officers who signs the Registration Statement, and each person who controls the Company within the meaning of either the Act or the Exchange
Act, to the same extent as the foregoing indemnity from the Company to each Underwriter, but only with reference to written information
relating to such Underwriter furnished to the Company by or on behalf of such Underwriter through the Representative specifically for
inclusion in the documents referred to in the foregoing indemnity. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability which
any Underwriter may otherwise have. The Company acknowledges that the statements set forth in the nineteen, twenty and twenty-one paragraphs
under the heading Underwriting in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus constitute the only information furnished
in writing by or on behalf of the several Underwriters for inclusion in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus.

(c) Promptly
after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 8 of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if
a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the indemnifying party under this Section 8, notify the indemnifying party in writing
of the commencement thereof; but the failure so to notify the indemnifying party (i) will not relieve it from liability under paragraph
(a) or (b) above unless and to the extent it did not otherwise learn of such action and such failure results in the forfeiture by the
indemnifying party of substantial rights and defenses and (ii) will not, in any event, relieve the indemnifying party from any obligations
to any indemnified party other than the indemnification obligation provided in paragraph (a) or (b) above. The indemnifying party shall
be entitled to appoint counsel of the indemnifying partys choice at the indemnifying partys expense to represent the indemnified
party in any action for which indemnification is sought (in which case the indemnifying party shall not thereafter be responsible for
the fees and expenses of any separate counsel retained by the indemnified party or parties except as set forth below); provided,
however, that such counsel shall be satisfactory to the indemnified party. Notwithstanding the indemnifying partys election
to appoint counsel to represent the indemnified party in an action, the indemnified party shall have the right to employ separate counsel
(including local counsel), and the indemnifying party shall bear the reasonable fees, costs and expenses of such separate counsel if (i)
the use of counsel chosen by the indemnifying party to represent the indemnified party would present such counsel with a conflict of interest,
(ii) the actual or potential defendants in, or targets of, any such action include both the indemnified party and the indemnifying party
and the indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded that there may be legal defenses available to it and/or other indemnified parties
which are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party, (iii) the indemnifying party shall not have employed
counsel satisfactory to the indemnified party to represent the indemnified party within a reasonable time after notice of the institution
of such action or (iv) the indemnifying party shall authorize the indemnified party to employ separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying
party. An indemnifying party will not, without the prior written consent of the indemnified parties (which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, delayed or conditioned), settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any pending or threatened
claim, action, suit or proceeding in respect of which indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not the indemnified
parties are actual or potential parties to such claim or action) unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional
release of each indemnified party from all liability arising out of such claim, action, suit or proceeding and (ii) does not include a
statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any indemnified party.

34

(d) In
the event that the indemnity provided in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 8 is unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless an
indemnified party for any reason, the Company and the Underwriters severally agree to contribute to the aggregate losses, claims, damages
and liabilities (including legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating or defending the same) (collectively,
Losses) to which the Company and one or more of the Underwriters may be subject in such proportion as is appropriate
to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and by the Underwriters on the other from the Offering. If the
allocation provided by the immediately preceding sentence is unavailable for any reason, the Company and the Underwriters severally shall
contribute in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only such relative benefits but also the relative fault of the Company
on the one hand and of the Underwriters on the other in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such Losses as well
as any other relevant equitable considerations. Benefits received by the Company shall be deemed to be equal to the total net proceeds
from the Offering (before deducting expenses) received by it, and benefits received by the Underwriters shall be deemed to be equal to
the total underwriting discounts and commissions actually received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth on the cover page of
the Prospectus. Relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any untrue or any alleged untrue statement
of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information provided by the Company on the
one hand or the Underwriters on the other, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity
to correct or prevent such untrue statement or omission. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable
if contribution were determined by pro rata allocation or any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable
considerations referred to above. Notwithstanding the provisions of this paragraph (d), in no event shall an Underwriter be required to
contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by such Underwriter with
respect to the Offering exceeds the amount of any damages that such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue
or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. Notwithstanding the provisions of this paragraph (d), no person guilty of
fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was
not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section 8, each person who controls an Underwriter within the meaning
of either the Act or the Exchange Act and each director, officer, employee, affiliate and agent of an Underwriter shall have the same
rights to contribution as such Underwriter, and each person who controls the Company within the meaning of either the Act or the Exchange
Act, each officer of the Company who shall have signed the Registration Statement and each director of the Company shall have the same
rights to contribution as the Company, subject in each case to the applicable terms and conditions of this paragraph (d). The Underwriters
obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 8 are several in proportion to their respective purchase obligations hereunder and
are not joint.

9. Default
by an Underwriter. If any one or more Underwriters shall fail to purchase and pay for any of the Securities agreed to be purchased
by such Underwriter or Underwriters hereunder and such failure to purchase shall constitute a default in the performance of its or their
obligations under this Agreement, the remaining Underwriters shall be obligated severally to take up and pay for (in the respective proportions
that the amount of Securities set forth opposite their names in Schedule I hereto bears to the aggregate amount of Securities set forth
opposite the names of all the remaining Underwriters) the Securities that the defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed
to purchase; provided, however, that in the event that the aggregate amount of Securities that the defaulting Underwriter
or Underwriters agreed but failed to purchase shall exceed 10% of the Underwritten Securities, the remaining Underwriters shall have the
right to purchase all, but shall not be under any obligation to purchase any, of the Securities. If within one Business Day after such
default relating to more than 10% of the Underwritten Securities the remaining Underwriters do not arrange for the purchase of such Underwritten
Securities, then the Company shall be entitled to a further period of one Business Day within which to procure another party or parties
reasonably satisfactory to the Representative to purchase said Underwritten Securities. In the event that neither the remaining Underwriters
nor the Company purchase or arrange for the purchase of all of the Underwritten Securities to which a default relates as provided in this
Section 9, this Agreement will terminate without liability to any non-defaulting Underwriter or the Company. In the event of a default
by any Underwriter as set forth in this Section 9, the Closing Date shall be postponed for such period, not exceeding five (5) Business
Days, as the Representative shall determine in order that the required changes in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus or in
any other documents or arrangements may be effected. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall relieve any defaulting Underwriter of its
liability, if any, to the Company and any non-defaulting Underwriter for damages occasioned by its default hereunder.

35

10. Termination.
This Agreement shall be subject to termination in the absolute discretion of the Representative, by notice given to the Company prior
to delivery of and payment for the Securities, if at any time prior to such delivery and payment (i) trading in the Companys Units,
Class A Ordinary Shares or Public Warrants shall have been suspended by the Commission or the Nasdaq Global Market (or successor trading
market) or trading in securities generally on the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Global Market shall have been suspended or limited
or minimum prices shall have been established on such exchange or trading market, (ii) the Company shall not have obtained authorization
for quotation of the Class A Ordinary Shares, Public Warrants or Units on the Nasdaq Global Market (or successor trading market), (iii)
a banking moratorium shall have been declared either by U.S. federal or New York State authorities, (iv) there shall have occurred a material
disruption in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services or (v) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation
of hostilities, declaration by the United States of a national emergency or war, or other national or international calamity or crisis
the effect of which on financial markets is such as to make it, in the sole judgment of the Representative, impractical or inadvisable
to proceed with the offering or delivery of the Securities as contemplated by the Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus (exclusive of
any supplement thereto).

11. Recognition
of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes.

(a) In
the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer
from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent
as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were
governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

(b) In
the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under
a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted to
be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement
were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

12. Representations
and Indemnities to Survive. The respective agreements, representations, warranties, indemnities and other statements of the Company
or its executive officers and of the Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will remain in full force and effect,
regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or the Company or any of the executive officers, directors, employees,
agents, affiliates or controlling persons referred to in Section 8 hereof, and will survive delivery of and payment for the Securities.
The provisions of Sections 7 and 8 hereof shall survive the termination or cancellation of this Agreement.

13. Notices.
All communications hereunder will be in writing and effective only on receipt, and, if sent to the Representative, will be mailed, delivered
or telefaxed to Santander US Capital Markets LLC, 437 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10022, Attention: Ryan Kelley, with a copy to
Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP, 450 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10017, Attention: Derek Dostal; or, if sent to the Company, will
be mailed, delivered or telefaxed to Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V, 4921 William Arnold Road, Memphis, Tennessee 38117, Attention: Richard
Hendrix, with a copy to Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, 1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor, New York, New York 10105,
Attention: Stuart Neuhauser, Esq.

36

14. Successors.
This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and the executive officers,
directors, employees, agents and controlling persons and their affiliates referred to in Section 8 hereof, and no other person will have
any right or obligation hereunder.

15. No
Fiduciary Duty. The Company hereby acknowledges that (a) the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement is an
arms-length commercial transaction between the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters and any affiliate through which they
may be acting, on the other, (b) the Underwriters are acting as principal and not as an agent or fiduciary of the Company and (c) the
Companys engagement of the Underwriters in connection with the Offering and the process leading up to the Offering is as independent
contractors and not in any other capacity. Furthermore, the Company agrees that it is solely responsible for making its own judgments
in connection with the Offering (irrespective of whether any of the Underwriters has advised or is currently advising the Company on related
or other matters). The Company agrees that it will not claim that the Underwriters have rendered advisory services of any nature or respect,
or owe an agency, fiduciary or similar duty to the Company, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto. None of
the activities of the Underwriters in connection with the transactions contemplated herein constitutes a recommendation, investment advice,
or solicitation of any action by the Underwriters with respect to any entity or natural person.

16. Integration.
This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings (whether written or oral) between the Company and the Underwriters,
or any of them, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

17. Applicable
Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts
made and to be performed within the State of New York.

18. Jurisdiction.
The Company agrees that any suit, action or proceeding against the Company brought by any Underwriter, the directors, officers, employees,
affiliates and agents of any Underwriter, or by any person who controls any Underwriter, arising out of or based upon this Agreement or
the transactions contemplated hereby must be instituted in any State or U.S. federal court in the City and County of New York, Borough
of Manhattan, and waives any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such proceeding, and irrevocably
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any suit, action or proceeding. The Company hereby irrevocably appoints Richard
Hendrix (the Process Agent), with an office on the date hereof at 4921 William Arnold Road, Memphis, TN 38117,
as its agent to receive on behalf of the Company service of copies of the summons and complaint and any other process which may be served
in all such actions and proceedings. Such service may be made by mailing or delivering a copy of such process to the Company in care of
the Process Agent at the Process Agents above address, and the Company hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs the Process Agent
to accept such service on behalf of the Company.

37

19. Waiver
of Jury Trial. THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL
BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

20. USA
PATRIOT ACT. In accordance with the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26,
2001)), the Underwriters are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies their respective clients, including the
Company, which information may include the name and address of their respective clients, as well as other information that will allow
the Underwriters to properly identify their respective clients.

21. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be signed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute
one and the same agreement. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile or electronic mail. Electronic signatures complying with the New
York Electronic Signatures and Records Act (N.Y. State Tech. 301-309), as amended from time to time, or other applicable
law, will be deemed original signatures for purposes of this Agreement. Transmission by telecopy, electronic mail or other transmission
method of an executed counterpart of this Agreement will constitute due and sufficient delivery of such counterpart.

22. Headings.
The section headings used herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.

23. Definitions.
The terms which follow, when used in this Agreement, shall have the meanings indicated.

Act shall mean the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

BHC Act Affiliate shall mean
affiliate as defined in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k).

Business Day shall mean any
day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are authorized or obligated
by law to close in New York City.

Covered Entity shall mean
any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
252.82(b), (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b)
or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b).

Default Right shall mean default
right as defined and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable.

38

Effective Date shall mean
each date and time that the Registration Statement, any post-effective amendment or amendments thereto and any Rule 462(b) Registration
Statement became or becomes effective.

Exchange Act shall mean the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

Execution Time shall mean
February 27, 2025, at 4:40 p.m., New York City time.

Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
shall mean an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433.

Preliminary Prospectus shall
mean the preliminary prospectus referred to in paragraph 1(a) above and any preliminary prospectus included in the Registration Statement
at the Effective Date that omits Rule 430A Information.

Prospectus shall mean the
prospectus relating to the Securities that is first filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) after the Execution Time.

Registration Statement shall
mean the registration statement referred to in paragraph 1(a) above, including exhibits and financial statements and any information deemed
part of such registration statement pursuant to Rule 430A, as amended or supplemented at the Execution Time and, in the event any post-effective
amendment thereto or any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement becomes effective prior to the Closing Date, shall also mean such registration
statement as so amended or such Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, as the case may be.

Rule 158, Rule 172,
Rule 405, Rule 419, Rule 424, Rule 430A, Rule
433 and Rule 462 refer to such rules under the Act.

Rule 430A Information shall
mean information with respect to the Securities and the Offering thereof permitted to be omitted from the Registration Statement when
it becomes effective pursuant to Rule 430A.

Rule 462(b) Registration Statement
shall mean a registration statement and any amendments thereto filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) relating to the Offering covered by the registration
statement referred to in Section 1(a) hereof.

Statutory Prospectus shall
mean (i) the Preliminary Prospectus dated February 25, 2025, relating to the Securities and (ii) the Time of Delivery Information, if
any, set forth on Schedule II hereto.

U.S. Special Resolution Regime
shall mean each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding
of our agreement, please sign and return to us the enclosed duplicate hereof, whereupon this letter and your acceptance shall represent
a binding agreement among the Company and the several Underwriters.

[Signature Pages Follow]

39

LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. V

By: /s/ Richard Hendrix

Name: Richard Hendrix

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Underwriting Agreement]

40

The foregoing Agreement is hereby

confirmed and accepted as of the

date first above written.

SANTANDER US CAPITAL MARKETS LLC

By: /s/ Ryan Kelley

Name: Ryan Kelley

Title: Managing Director

By: /s/ Stefanie Gallagher

Name: Stefanie Gallagher

Title: Managing Director

For itself and the other several Underwriters

named in Schedule I to the foregoing Agreement.

[Signature Page to Underwriting Agreement]

SCHEDULE I

Underwriters Number of

Underwritten

Securities to

be Purchased 

Santander US Capital Markets LLC 20,000,000 

Total 20,000,000 

Schedule I

SCHEDULE II

Time of Delivery Information

1. The initial price to the public of the Securities: $10.00 per Unit.

2. Number of Underwritten Securities offered: 20,000,000.

3. The Company has granted an option to the Underwriters to purchase an aggregate of not more than 3,000,000 Option Securities.

4. The Sponsor has agreed to purchase 4,500,000 Private Placement Warrants (whether or not the over-allotment option is exercised).

Schedule II

SCHEDULE III

Schedule of Written Testing-the-Waters Communications

5. Reference is made to the materials used in the testing-the-waters presentation made to potential investors by the Company, to the
extent such materials are deemed to be a written communication within the meaning of Rule 405 of the Act.

Schedule III
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023270601ex3-1_liveoak5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF THE COMPANY
<TEXT>
Exhibit
3.1

Companies
Act (Revised) 

of the Cayman Islands 

Company
Limited by Shares

AMENDED
AND RESTATED

MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION 

OF

LIVE
OAK ACQUISITION CORP.V

(Adopted
by special resolution passed on 27 February 2025)

GCMLAW-15377641.3 

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

Companies
Act (Revised) 

of the Cayman Islands

Company
Limited by Shares

Amended
and Restated Memorandum of Association

of

LIVE
OAK ACQUISITION CORP.V

(Adopted
by special resolution passed on 27 February 2025)

1 The
name of the Company is Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V.

2 The
registered office of the Company shall be at the offices of Ogier Global (Cayman) Limited,
89 Nexus Way, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-9009, Cayman Islands, or at such other place within
the Cayman Islands as the Directors may decide.

3 The
objects for which the Company is established are unrestricted and the Company shall have
full power and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by the laws of the Cayman
Islands.

4 The
liability of each Member is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid on such Members
shares.

5 The
share capital of the Company is US$55,500 divided into 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares
of a par value of US$0.0001 each, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares of a par value of US$0.0001
each and 5,000,000 preference shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each, provided always that,
subject to the Statute and the Companys articles of association, the Company has the power
to do any one or more of the following:

(a) to
redeem or repurchase any of its shares; and

(b) to
increase or reduce its capital; and

(c) to
issue any part of its capital (whether original, redeemed, increased or reduced):

(i) with
or without any preferential, deferred, qualified or special rights, privileges or conditions;
or

(ii) subject
to any limitations or restrictions,

and
unless the condition of issue expressly declares otherwise, every issue of shares (whether declared to be ordinary, preference or otherwise)
is subject to this power; or

(d) to
alter any of those rights, privileges, conditions, limitations or restrictions.

6 The
Company has power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate limited by shares
under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the
Cayman Islands.

7 Capitalised
terms that are not defined in this Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association bear the
respective meanings given to them in the Amended and Restated Articles of Association of
the Company.

GCMLAW-15377641.3GCMLAW-15377641.3 

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

Companies
Act (Revised) 

of the Cayman Islands 

Company
Limited by Shares

AMENDED
AND RESTATED

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 

OF

LIVE
OAK ACQUISITION CORP.V

(Adopted
by special resolution passed on 27 February 2025)

GCMLAW-15377641.3 

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

CONTENTS

1 Interpretation 1

2 Commencement of Business 7

3 Issue of Shares and other Securities 7

4 Register of Members 8

5 Closing Register of Members or Fixing Record Date 8

6 Certificates for Shares 8

7 Transfer of Shares 9

8 Redemption, Repurchase and Surrender of Shares 10

9 Treasury Shares 10

10 Variation of Rights of Shares 11

11 Commission on Sale of Shares 11

12 Non-Recognition of Trusts 12

13 Lien on Shares 12

14 Calls on Shares 12

15 Forfeiture of Shares 13

16 Transmission of Shares 14

17 Class B Share Conversion 15

18 Amendments of Memorandum and Articles and Alteration of Capital 16

19 Offices and Places of Business 17

20 General Meetings 17

21 Notice of General Meetings 18

22 Advance Notice for Business 18

23 Proceedings at General Meetings 29

24 Votes of Members 21

25 Proxies 22

26 Corporate Members 22

27 Shares that may not be Voted 23

28 Directors 23

GCMLAW-15377641.3 

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

i 

29 Powers of Directors 23

30 Appointment and Removal of Directors 24

31 Vacation of Office of Director 24

32 Proceedings of Directors 25

33 Presumption of Assent 26

34 Directors Interests 26

35 Minutes 27

36 Delegation of Directors Powers 27

37 No Minimum Shareholding 29

38 Remuneration of Directors 29

39 Seal 29

40 Dividends, Distributions and Reserve 29

41 Capitalisation 31

42 Books of Account 31

43 Audit 32

44 Notices 33

45 Winding Up 34

46 Indemnity and Insurance 35

47 Financial Year 36

48 Transfer by Way of Continuation 36

49 Mergers and Consolidations 36

50 Business Combination 36

51 Certain Tax Filings 39

52 Business Opportunities 39

53 Exclusive Jurisdiction 40

GCMLAW-15377641.3 

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

ii 

Companies
Act (Revised) 

of the Cayman Islands

Company
Limited by Shares

Amended and Restated Articles of Association

of

Live
Oak Acquisition Corp. V

(Adopted
by special resolution passed on 27 February 2025)

1 Interpretation

1.1 In
the Articles Table A in the First Schedule to the Statute does not apply and, unless there
is something in the subject or context inconsistent therewith:

Affiliate in respect
of a person, means any other person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by,
or is under common control with, such person, and (a) in the case of a natural person, shall include, without limitation, such persons
spouse, parents, children, siblings, mother-in-law and father-in-law and brothers and sisters-in-law, whether by blood, marriage
or adoption or anyone residing in such persons home, a trust for the benefit of any of the foregoing, a company, partnership
or any natural person or entity wholly or jointly owned by any of the foregoing and (b) in the case of an entity, shall include a
partnership, a corporation or any natural person or entity which directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls,
is controlled by, or is under common control with, such entity.

Applicable Law means,
with respect to any person, all provisions of laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits, certificates, judgments, decisions,
decrees or orders of any governmental authority applicable to such person.

Articles means these amended and restated
articles of association of the Company.

Audit Committee means the audit committee of
the board of Directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

1 

Auditor means the person for the time
being performing the duties of auditor of the Company (if any).

Business Combination means a merger, amalgamation,
share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganisation or similar business combination involving the Company, with one
or more businesses or entities (the target business), which Business Combination: (a) as long as the securities of the Company
are listed on a Designated Stock Exchange, must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market
value of at least eighty per cent (80%) of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions
and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of the definitive agreement to enter into
such Business Combination; and (b) must not be solely effectuated with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal
operations.

business day means any day other than a Saturday,
a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are authorised or obligated by law to close
in New York City.

Cause means a conviction for a criminal
offence involving dishonesty or engaging in conduct which brings a Director or the Company into disrepute or which results in a material
financial detriment to the Company.

Clearing House means a clearing house recognised
by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on a stock exchange or
interdealer quotation system in such jurisdiction.

Class A Share means a Class A ordinary share
of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Class B Share means a Class B ordinary share
of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Company means the above named company.

Companys Website means the
website of the Company and/or its web- address or domain name, if any.

Compensation Committee means the compensation committee
of the board of Directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee.

Completion Window means the period of time:

(a) commencing
on, and including, the closing date of the IPO; and

(b) ending
on the date that is twenty one (21) months after the closing date of the IPO (or twenty four
(24) months from the closing date of the IPO subject to the Companys entry into a definitive
agreement for a Business Combination within twenty one (21) months from the closing date
of the IPO), such earlier date as the Directors may approve in accordance with the Articles
or such later date as the Members may approve in accordance with the Articles.

Designated
Stock Exchange means
any United States national securities exchange on which the securities of the Company are
listed for trading, including, but not limited to, The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, the NYSE
MKT LLC, the New York Stock Exchange LLC or any over-the-counter (OTC) market.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

2 

Directors means the directors for
the time being of the Company.

Dividend means any dividend (whether
interim or final) resolved to be paid on Shares pursuant to the Articles.

Electronic Communication means a communication sent
by electronic means, including electronic posting to the Companys Website, transmission to any number, address or internet
website (including the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission) or other electronic delivery methods as otherwise decided
and approved by the Directors.

Electronic Record has the same meaning as
in the Electronic Transactions Act.

Electronic Transactions Act means the Electronic Transactions
Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Equity-linked Securities means any debt or equity
securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for Class A Shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with
a Business Combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt.

Exchange Act means the United States
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any similar U.S. federal statute and the rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time.

Founders means all Members immediately
prior to the consummation of the IPO.

Independent Director has the same meaning as
in the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange or in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, as the case may be.

IPO means the Companys
initial public offering of securities.

Member has the same meaning as
in the Statute.

Memorandum means the amended and restated
memorandum of association of the Company.

Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee means any nominating and
corporate governance committee of the board of Directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee.

Officer means a person appointed
to hold an office in the Company.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

3 

Ordinary Resolution means a resolution:

(a) passed
by a simple majority of such Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a
general meeting of the Company and where a poll is taken regard shall be had in computing a majority to the number of votes to which
each Member is entitled; or

(b) approved
in writing by all of the Members entitled to vote on such matter at a general meeting of the Company (or such lower threshold as
may be allowed under the Statute from time to time).

Over-Allotment Option means the option
of the Underwriters to purchase up to an additional fifteen per cent (15%) of the firm units (as described in the Articles) issued
in the IPO at a price equal to US$10 per unit, less underwriting discounts and commissions.

Preference Share means a preference share of a par value
of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Public Share means a Class A Share issued as part of
the units (as described in the Articles) issued in the IPO.

Redemption Notice means a notice
in a form approved by the Directors by which a holder of Public Shares is entitled to require the Company to redeem its Public Shares,
subject to any conditions contained therein.

Register of Members means the Register
of Members maintained in accordance with the Statute and includes (except where otherwise stated) any branch or duplicate Register
of Members.

Registered Office means the registered office for the time
being of the Company.

Representative means a representative of the Underwriters.

Seal means the common seal of the Company and
includes every duplicate seal.

Securities and Exchange Commission 

means
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

4 

Share 

means
a Class A Share, a Class B Share or a Preference Share and includes a fraction of a share in the Company.

Special Resolution means a special resolution of the Company
passed in accordance with the Statute, being a resolution:

(a) passed
by a majority of not less than two-thirds, other than with respect to amending either of
Articles 30.1 or 48.2 (except where such amendment is proposed in respect of the consummation
of a Business Combination) where such majority shall be at least ninety per cent (90%), of
such Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by
proxy at a general meeting of the Company of which notice specifying the intention to propose
the resolution as a special resolution has been duly given and where a poll is taken regard
shall be had in computing a majority to the number of votes to which each Member is entitled;
or

(b) approved
in writing by all of the Members entitled to vote at a general meeting of the Company (or
such lower threshold as may be allowed under the Statute from time to time).

Sponsor means Live Oak Sponsor V, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company, and its successors or assigns.

Statute means the Companies Act (Revised) of the
Cayman Islands.

Tax Filing Authorised Person means such person as any Director shall
designate from time to time, acting severally.

Treasury Share means a Share held in the name of the Company
as a treasury share in accordance with the Statute.

Trust Account means the trust account established by the
Company upon the consummation of its IPO and into which a certain amount of the net proceeds of the IPO, together with a certain
amount of the proceeds of a private placement of warrants simultaneously with the closing date of the IPO, will be deposited.

Underwriter means an underwriter of the IPO from time
to time and any successor underwriter.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

5 

1.2 In
the Articles:

(a) words
importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa;

(b) words
importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender;

(c) words
importing persons include corporations as well as any other legal or natural person;

(d) written
and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words
in visible form, including in the form of an Electronic Record;

(e) shall
shall be construed as imperative and may shall be construed as permissive;

(f) references
to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references to those provisions
as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced;

(g) any
phrase introduced by the terms including, include,
in particular or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative
and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms;

(h) the
term and/or is used herein to mean both and as well as
or. The use of and/or in certain contexts in no respects qualifies
or modifies the use of the terms and or or in others. The term
or shall not be interpreted to be exclusive and the term and
shall not be interpreted to require the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise
requires);

(i) headings
are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in construing the Articles;

(j) any
requirements as to delivery under the Articles include delivery in the form of an Electronic
Record;

(k) any
requirements as to execution or signature under the Articles including the execution of the
Articles themselves can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature as defined in
the Electronic Transactions Act;

(l) sections
8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act shall not apply;

(m) the
term clear days in relation to the period of a notice means that period
excluding the day when the notice is received or deemed to be received and the day for which
it is given or on which it is to take effect; and

(n) the
term holder in relation to a Share means a person whose name is entered
in the Register of Members as the holder of such Share.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

6 

2 Commencement
of Business

2.1 The
business of the Company may be commenced as soon after incorporation of the Company as the
Directors shall see fit.

2.2 The
Directors may pay, out of the capital or any other monies of the Company, all expenses incurred
in or about the formation and establishment of the Company, including the expenses of registration.

3 Issue
of Shares and other Securities

3.1 Subject
to the provisions, if any, in the Memorandum (and to any direction that may be given by the
Company in general meeting) and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, and without prejudice to any rights attached
to any existing Shares, the Directors may allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose
of Shares (including fractions of a Share) with or without preferred, deferred or other rights
or restrictions, whether in regard to Dividends or other distributions, voting, return of
capital or otherwise and to such persons, at such times and on such other terms as they think
proper, and may also (subject to the Statute and the Articles) vary such rights, save that
the Directors shall not allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of Shares (including
fractions of a Share) to the extent that it may affect the ability of the Company to carry
out a Class B Share Conversion set out in the Articles.

3.2 The
Company may issue rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar
nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive
any class of Shares or other securities in the Company on such terms as the Directors may
from time to time determine.

3.3 The
Company may issue units of securities in the Company, which may be comprised of whole or
fractional Shares, rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar
nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive
any class of Shares or other securities in the Company, upon such terms as the Directors
may from time to time determine. The securities comprising any such units which are issued
pursuant to the IPO can only be traded separately from one another on the 52nd day following
the date of the prospectus relating to the IPO unless the Representative(s) determines that
an earlier date is acceptable, subject to the Company having filed a current report on Form
8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission and a press release announcing when such
separate trading will begin. Prior to such date, the units can be traded, but the securities
comprising such units cannot be traded separately from one another.

3.4 The
Company shall not issue Shares to bearer.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

7 

4 Register
of Members

4.1 The
Company shall maintain or cause to be maintained the Register of Members in accordance with
the Statute.

4.2 The
Directors may determine that the Company shall maintain one or more branch registers of Members
in accordance with the Statute. The Directors may also determine which register of Members
shall constitute the principal register and which shall constitute the branch register or
registers, and to vary such determination from time to time.

5 Closing
Register of Members or Fixing Record Date

5.1 For
the purpose of determining Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any meeting of Members
or any adjournment thereof, or Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other
distribution, or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose, the Directors
may, after notice has been given by advertisement in an appointed newspaper or any other
newspaper or by any other means in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, provide that the Register of Members shall be
closed for transfers for a stated period which shall not in any case exceed forty days.

5.2 In
lieu of, or apart from, closing the Register of Members, the Directors may fix in advance
or arrears a date as the record date for any such determination of Members entitled to notice
of, or to vote at any meeting of the Members or any adjournment thereof, or for the purpose
of determining the Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution,
or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose.

5.3 If
the Register of Members is not so closed and no record date is fixed for the determination
of Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at, a meeting of Members or Members entitled
to receive payment of a Dividend or other distribution, the date on which notice of the meeting
is sent or the date on which the resolution of the Directors resolving to pay such Dividend
or other distribution is passed, as the case may be, shall be the record date for such determination
of Members. When a determination of Members entitled to vote at any meeting of Members has
been made as provided in this Article, such determination shall apply to any adjournment
thereof.

6 Certificates
for Shares

6.1 A
Member shall only be entitled to a share certificate if the Directors resolve that share
certificates shall be issued. Share certificates representing Shares, if any, shall be in
such form as the Directors may determine. Share certificates shall be signed by one or more
Directors or other person authorised by the Directors. The Directors may authorise certificates
to be issued with the authorised signature(s) affixed by mechanical process. All certificates
for Shares shall be consecutively numbered or otherwise identified and shall specify the
Shares to which they relate. All certificates surrendered to the Company for transfer shall
be cancelled and, subject to the Articles, no new certificate shall be issued until the former
certificate representing a like number of relevant Shares shall have been surrendered and
cancelled.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

8 

6.2 The
Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate for Shares held jointly by
more than one person and delivery of a certificate to one joint holder shall be a sufficient
delivery to all of them.

6.3 If
a share certificate is defaced, worn out, lost or destroyed, it may be renewed on such terms
(if any) as to evidence and indemnity and on the payment of such expenses reasonably incurred
by the Company in investigating evidence, as the Directors may prescribe, and (in the case
of defacement or wearing out) upon delivery of the old certificate.

6.4 Every
share certificate sent in accordance with the Articles will be sent at the risk of the Member
or other person entitled to the certificate. The Company will not be responsible for any
share certificate lost or delayed in the course of delivery.

6.5 Share
certificates shall be issued within the relevant time limit as prescribed by the Statute,
if applicable, or as the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities
and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under
Applicable Law may from time to time determine, whichever is shorter, after the allotment
or, except in the case of a Share transfer which the Company is for the time being entitled
to refuse to register and does not register, after lodgement of a Share transfer with the
Company.

7 Transfer
of Shares

7.1 Subject
to the terms of the Articles, any Member may transfer all or any of his Shares by an instrument
of transfer provided that such transfer complies with the rules and regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. If the Shares in question were issued in conjunction
with rights, options, warrants or units issued pursuant to the Articles on terms that one
cannot be transferred without the other, the Directors shall refuse to register the transfer
of any such Share without evidence satisfactory to them of the like transfer of such right,
option, warrant or unit.

7.2 The
instrument of transfer of any Share shall be in writing in the usual or common form or in
a form prescribed by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities
and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under
Applicable Law or in any other form approved by the Directors and shall be executed by or
on behalf of the transferor (and if the Directors so require, signed by or on behalf of the
transferee) and may be under hand or, if the transferor or transferee is a Clearing House
or its nominee(s), by hand or by machine imprinted signature or by such other manner of execution
as the Directors may approve from time to time. The transferor shall be deemed to remain
the holder of a Share until the name of the transferee is entered in the Register of Members.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

9 

8 Redemption,
Repurchase and Surrender of Shares

8.1 Subject
to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the
Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent
regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Company may issue Shares that
are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the option of the Member or the Company.
The redemption of such Shares, except Public Shares, shall be effected in such manner and
upon such other terms as the Company may, by Special Resolution, determine before the issue
of such Shares. With respect to redeeming or repurchasing the Shares:

(a) Members
who hold Public Shares are entitled to request the redemption of such Shares in the circumstances
described in the Business Combination Article hereof;

(b) Class
B Shares held by the Founders shall be surrendered by the Founders on a pro rata basis for
no consideration to the extent that the Over-Allotment Option is not exercised in full so
that the Founders will own twenty per cent (20%) of the Companys issued Shares after
the IPO (exclusive of any securities purchased in a private placement simultaneously with
the IPO); and

(c) Public
Shares shall be repurchased by way of tender offer in the circumstances set out in the Business
Combination Article hereof.

8.2 Subject
to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the
Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent
regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Company may purchase its own
Shares (including any redeemable Shares) in such manner and on such other terms as the Directors
may agree with the relevant Member or in the manner set out in the Business Combination Article
hereof. For the avoidance of doubt, redemptions, repurchases and surrenders of Shares in
the circumstances described in the Article above shall not require further approval of the
Members.

8.3 The
Company may make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of its own Shares in
any manner permitted by the Statute, including out of capital.

8.4 The
Directors may accept the surrender for no consideration of any fully paid Share.

9 Treasury
Shares

9.1 The
Directors may, prior to the purchase, redemption or surrender of any Share, determine that
such Share shall be held as a Treasury Share.

9.2 The
Directors may determine to cancel a Treasury Share or transfer a Treasury Share on such terms
as they think proper (including, without limitation, for nil consideration).

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

10 

10 Variation
of Rights of Shares

10.1 Subject
to Article 3.1, if at any time the share capital of the Company is divided into different
classes of Shares, all or any of the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided
by the terms of issue of the Shares of that class) may, whether or not the Company is being
wound up, be varied without the consent of the holders of the issued Shares of that class
where such variation is considered by the Directors not to have a material adverse effect
upon such rights; otherwise, any such variation shall be made only with the consent in writing
of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the issued Shares of that class (other than
with respect to a waiver of the provisions of the Class B Share Conversion Article hereof,
which as stated therein shall only require the consent in writing of the holders of a majority
of the issued Shares of that class), or with the approval of a resolution passed by a majority
of not less than two-thirds of the votes cast at a separate meeting of the holders of the
Shares of that class. For the avoidance of doubt, the Directors reserve the right, notwithstanding
that any such variation may not have a material adverse effect, to obtain consent from the
holders of Shares of the relevant class. To any such meeting all the provisions of the Articles
relating to general meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis, except that the necessary quorum
shall be one person holding or representing by proxy at least one-third of the issued Shares
of the class and that any holder of Shares of the class present in person or by proxy may
demand a poll.

10.2 For
the purposes of a separate class meeting, the Directors may treat two or more or all the
classes of Shares as forming one class of Shares if the Directors consider that such class
of Shares would be affected in the same way by the proposals under consideration, but in
any other case shall treat them as separate classes of Shares.

10.3 The
rights conferred upon the holders of the Shares of any class issued with preferred or other
rights shall not, unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of the Shares
of that class, be deemed to be varied: (i) by the creation or issue of further Shares ranking
pari passu therewith or Shares issued with preferred or other rights; or (ii) where
the constitutional documents of the Company are amended or new constitutional documents of
the Company are adopted, in each case, as a result of the Company undertaking a transfer
by way of continuation to a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands.

11 Commission
on Sale of Shares

The
Company may, in so far as the Statute permits, pay a commission to any person in consideration of his subscribing or agreeing to subscribe
(whether absolutely or conditionally) or procuring or agreeing to procure subscriptions (whether absolutely or conditionally) for any
Shares. Such commissions may be satisfied by the payment of cash and/or the issue of fully or partly paid-up Shares. The Company may
also on any issue of Shares pay such brokerage as may be lawful.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

11 

12 Non-Recognition
of Trusts

The
Company shall not be bound by or compelled to recognise in any way (even when notified) any equitable, contingent, future or partial
interest in any Share, or (except only as is otherwise provided by the Articles or the Statute) any other rights in respect of any Share
other than an absolute right to the entirety thereof in the holder.

13 Lien
on Shares

13.1 The
Company shall have a first and paramount lien on all Shares (whether fully paid-up or not)
registered in the name of a Member (whether solely or jointly with others) for all debts,
liabilities or engagements to or with the Company (whether presently payable or not) by such
Member or his estate, either alone or jointly with any other person, whether a Member or
not, but the Directors may at any time declare any Share to be wholly or in part exempt from
the provisions of this Article. The registration of a transfer of any such Share shall operate
as a waiver of the Companys lien thereon. The Companys lien on a Share shall
also extend to any amount payable in respect of that Share.

13.2 The
Company may sell, in such manner as the Directors think fit, any Shares on which the Company
has a lien, if a sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable, and is not
paid within fourteen clear days after notice has been received or deemed to have been received
by the holder of the Shares, or to the person entitled to it in consequence of the death
or bankruptcy of the holder, demanding payment and stating that if the notice is not complied
with the Shares may be sold.

13.3 To
give effect to any such sale the Directors may authorise any person to execute an instrument
of transfer of the Shares sold to, or in accordance with the directions of, the purchaser.
The purchaser or his nominee shall be registered as the holder of the Shares comprised in
any such transfer, and he shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money,
nor shall his title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the sale
or the exercise of the Companys power of sale under the Articles.

13.4 The
net proceeds of such sale after payment of costs, shall be applied in payment of such part
of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable and any balance
shall (subject to a like lien for sums not presently payable as existed upon the Shares before
the sale) be paid to the person entitled to the Shares at the date of the sale.

14 Calls
on Shares

14.1 Subject
to the terms of the allotment and issue of any Shares, the Directors may make calls upon
the Members in respect of any monies unpaid on their Shares (whether in respect of par value
or premium), and each Member shall (subject to receiving at least fourteen clear days
notice specifying the time or times of payment) pay to the Company at the time or times so
specified the amount called on the Shares. A call may be revoked or postponed, in whole or
in part, as the Directors may determine. A call may be required to be paid by instalments.
A person upon whom a call is made shall remain liable for calls made upon him notwithstanding
the subsequent transfer of the Shares in respect of which the call was made.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

12 

14.2 A
call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Directors authorising
such call was passed.

14.3 The
joint holders of a Share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay all calls in respect
thereof.

14.4 If
a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable, the person from whom it is due
shall pay interest on the amount unpaid from the day it became due and payable until it is
paid at such rate as the Directors may determine (and in addition all expenses that have
been incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment), but the Directors may waive
payment of the interest or expenses wholly or in part.

14.5 An
amount payable in respect of a Share on issue or allotment or at any fixed date, whether
on account of the par value of the Share or premium or otherwise, shall be deemed to be a
call and if it is not paid all the provisions of the Articles shall apply as if that amount
had become due and payable by virtue of a call.

14.6 The
Directors may issue Shares with different terms as to the amount and times of payment of
calls, or the interest to be paid.

14.7 The
Directors may, if they think fit, receive an amount from any Member willing to advance all
or any part of the monies uncalled and unpaid upon any Shares held by him, and may (until
the amount would otherwise become payable) pay interest at such rate as may be agreed upon
between the Directors and the Member paying such amount in advance.

14.8 No
such amount paid in advance of calls shall entitle the Member paying such amount to any portion
of a Dividend or other distribution payable in respect of any period prior to the date upon
which such amount would, but for such payment, become payable.

15 Forfeiture
of Shares

15.1 If
a call or instalment of a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the Directors
may give to the person from whom it is due not less than fourteen clear days notice
requiring payment of the amount unpaid together with any interest which may have accrued
and any expenses incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment. The notice shall
specify where payment is to be made and shall state that if the notice is not complied with
the Shares in respect of which the call was made will be liable to be forfeited.

15.2 If
the notice is not complied with, any Share in respect of which it was given may, before the
payment required by the notice has been made, be forfeited by a resolution of the Directors.
Such forfeiture shall include all Dividends, other distributions or other monies payable
in respect of the forfeited Share and not paid before the forfeiture.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

13 

15.3 A
forfeited Share may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in such
manner as the Directors think fit and at any time before a sale, re-allotment or disposition
the forfeiture may be cancelled on such terms as the Directors think fit. Where for the purposes
of its disposal a forfeited Share is to be transferred to any person the Directors may authorise
some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Share in favour of that person.

15.4 A
person any of whose Shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a Member in respect of them
and shall surrender to the Company for cancellation the certificate for the Shares forfeited
and shall remain liable to pay to the Company all monies which at the date of forfeiture
were payable by him to the Company in respect of those Shares together with interest at such
rate as the Directors may determine, but his liability shall cease if and when the Company
shall have received payment in full of all monies due and payable by him in respect of those
Shares.

15.5 A
certificate in writing under the hand of one Director or Officer that a Share has been forfeited
on a specified date shall be conclusive evidence of the facts stated in it as against all
persons claiming to be entitled to the Share. The certificate shall (subject to the execution
of an instrument of transfer) constitute a good title to the Share and the person to whom
the Share is sold or otherwise disposed of shall not be bound to see to the application of
the purchase money, if any, nor shall his title to the Share be affected by any irregularity
or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture, sale or disposal of the
Share.

15.6 The
provisions of the Articles as to forfeiture shall apply in the case of non-payment of any
sum which, by the terms of issue of a Share, becomes payable at a fixed time, whether on
account of the par value of the Share or by way of premium as if it had been payable by virtue
of a call duly made and notified.

16 Transmission
of Shares

16.1 If
a Member dies, the survivor or survivors (where he was a joint holder), or his legal personal
representatives (where he was a sole holder), shall be the only persons recognised by the
Company as having any title to his Shares. The estate of a deceased Member is not thereby
released from any liability in respect of any Share, for which he was a joint or sole holder.

16.2 Any
person becoming entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation
or dissolution of a Member (or in any other way than by transfer) may, upon such evidence
being produced as may be required by the Directors, elect, by a notice in writing sent by
him to the Company, either to become the holder of such Share or to have some person nominated
by him registered as the holder of such Share. If he elects to have another person registered
as the holder of such Share he shall sign an instrument of transfer of that Share to that
person. The Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration
as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before
his death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution, as the case may be.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

14 

16.3 A
person becoming entitled to a Share by reason of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation or
dissolution of a Member (or in any other case than by transfer) shall be entitled to the
same Dividends, other distributions and other advantages to which he would be entitled if
he were the holder of such Share. However, he shall not, before becoming a Member in respect
of a Share, be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by membership in
relation to general meetings of the Company and the Directors may at any time give notice
requiring any such person to elect either to be registered himself or to have some person
nominated by him be registered as the holder of the Share (but the Directors shall, in either
case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration as they would have had in the
case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before his death or bankruptcy or
liquidation or dissolution or any other case than by transfer, as the case may be). If the
notice is not complied with within ninety days of being received or deemed to be received
(as determined pursuant to the Articles), the Directors may thereafter withhold payment of
all Dividends, other distributions, bonuses or other monies payable in respect of the Share
until the requirements of the notice have been complied with.

17 Class
B Share Conversion

17.1 The
rights attaching to the Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall rank pari passu in
all respects, and the Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall vote together as a single class
on all matters (subject to the Variation of Rights of Shares Article, the Appointment and
Removal of Directors Article and the Transfer by Way of Continuation Article) with the exception
that the holder of a Class B Share shall have the conversion rights referred to in this Article.

17.2 Class
B Shares may be converted into Class A Shares on a one-for-one basis prior to the consummation
of a Business Combination at the option of the holder.

17.3 Any
Class B Shares not converted into Class A Shares pursuant to Article 17.2 above shall automatically
convert into Class A Shares on a one-for-one basis (the Initial Conversion Ratio)
concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of a Business Combination.

17.4 Notwithstanding
the Initial Conversion Ratio, in the case that additional Class A Shares or any other Equity-linked
Securities, are issued, or deemed issued, in excess of the amounts issued in the IPO (including
pursuant to the Over-Allotment Option) and related to or in connection with the closing of
a Business Combination, all Class B Shares in issue shall automatically convert into Class
A Shares at the time of the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio for which the Class
B Shares shall convert into Class A Shares will be adjusted so that the number of Class A
Shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B Shares will equal, in the aggregate, twenty-five
per cent (25%) of the sum of:

(a) the
total number of all Class A Shares in issue upon completion of the IPO (including any Class
A Shares issued pursuant to the Over-Allotment Option and excluding any Class A Shares underlying
the private placement warrants issued to the Sponsor); plus

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

15 

(b) all
Class A Shares and Equity-linked Securities issued or deemed issued related to or in connection
with the closing of a Business Combination, excluding any Shares or Equity-linked Securities
issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any private placement-equivalent
warrants issued to the Sponsor or an Affiliate of the Sponsor or to the Companys officers
and Directors upon the conversion of working capital loans made to the Company; minus

(c) the
number of Public Shares redeemed in connection with a Business Combination.

17.5 Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the foregoing adjustment to the Initial Conversion
Ratio may be waived as to any particular issuance or deemed issuance of additional Class
A Shares or Equity-linked Securities by the written consent or agreement of holders of a
majority of the Class B Shares then in issue consenting or agreeing separately as a separate
class in the manner provided in the Variation of Rights of Shares Article hereof.

17.6 The
foregoing conversion ratio shall also be adjusted to account for any subdivision (by share
split, subdivision, exchange, capitalisation, rights issue, reclassification, recapitalisation
or otherwise) or combination (by reverse share split, share consolidation, exchange, reclassification,
recapitalisation or otherwise) or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the Class
A Shares in issue into a greater or lesser number of Shares occurring after the original
filing of the Articles without a proportionate and corresponding subdivision, combination
or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the Class B Shares in issue.

17.7 Each
Class B Share shall convert into its pro-rata number of Class A Shares pursuant to this Article.
The pro-rata share for each holder of Class B Shares will be determined as follows: each
Class B Share shall convert into such number of Class A Shares as is equal to the product
of one (1) multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the total number of
Class A Shares into which all of the Class B Shares in issue shall be converted pursuant
to this Article and the denominator of which shall be the total number of Class B Shares
in issue at the time of conversion.

17.8 References
in this Article to converted, conversion or exchange
shall mean the compulsory redemption without notice of Class B Shares of any Member and,
on behalf of such Members, automatic application of such redemption proceeds in paying for
such new Class A Shares into which the Class B Shares have been converted or exchanged at
a price per Class B Share necessary to give effect to a conversion or exchange calculated
on the basis that the Class A Shares to be issued as part of the conversion or exchange will
be issued at par. The Class A Shares to be issued on an exchange or conversion shall be registered
in the name of such Member or in such name as the Member may direct.

17.9 Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Article, in no event shall any Class B Share convert into
Class A Shares at a ratio that is less than one for one.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

16 

18 Amendments
of Memorandum and Articles and Alteration of Capital

18.1 The
Company may by Ordinary Resolution:

(a) increase
its share capital by such sum as the Ordinary Resolution shall prescribe and with such rights,
priorities and privileges annexed thereto, as the Company in general meeting may determine;

(b) consolidate
and divide all or any of its share capital into Shares of larger amount than its existing
Shares;

(c) convert
all or any of its paid-up Shares into stock, and reconvert that stock into paid- up Shares
of any denomination;

(d) by
subdivision of its existing Shares or any of them divide the whole or any part of its share
capital into Shares of smaller amount than is fixed by the Memorandum or into Shares without
par value; and

(e) cancel
any Shares that at the date of the passing of the Ordinary Resolution have not been taken
or agreed to be taken by any person and diminish the amount of its share capital by the amount
of the Shares so cancelled.

18.2 All
new Shares created in accordance with the provisions of the preceding Article shall be subject
to the same provisions of the Articles with reference to the payment of calls, liens, transfer,
transmission, forfeiture and otherwise as the Shares in the original share capital.

18.3 Subject
to the provisions of the Statute, the provisions of the Articles as regards the matters to
be dealt with by Ordinary Resolution and Article 48.2, the Company may by Special Resolution:

(a) change
its name;

(b) alter
or add to the Articles (subject to Article 48.2);

(c) alter
or add to the Memorandum with respect to any objects, powers or other matters specified therein;
and

(d) reduce
its share capital or any capital redemption reserve fund.

19 Offices
and Places of Business

Subject
to the provisions of the Statute, the Company may by resolution of the Directors change the location of its Registered Office. The Company
may, in addition to its Registered Office, maintain such other offices or places of business as the Directors determine.

20 General
Meetings

20.1 All
general meetings other than annual general meetings shall be called extraordinary general
meetings.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

17 

20.2 The
Company may, but shall not (unless required by the Statute) be obliged to, in each year hold
a general meeting as its annual general meeting, and shall specify the meeting as such in
the notices calling it. Any annual general meeting shall be held at such time and place as
the Directors shall appoint. At these meetings the report of the Directors (if any) shall
be presented.

20.3 The
Directors, the chief executive officer or the chairman of the board of Directors may call general meetings and, for the avoidance of doubt, except as expressly provided in Article 20.4 below,
Members shall not have the ability to call general meetings. 

20.4 If
at any time there are no Directors, any two (2) Members (or if there is only one (1) Member
then that Member) entitled to vote at general meetings of the Company may convene a general
meeting in the same manner as nearly as possible as that in which general meetings may be
convened by the Directors.

21 Notice
of General Meetings

21.1 At
least five (5) clear days notice shall be given of any general meeting. Every notice
shall specify the place, the day and the hour of the meeting and the general nature of the
business to be conducted at the general meeting and shall be given in the manner hereinafter
mentioned or in such other manner if any as may be prescribed by the Company, provided that
a general meeting of the Company shall, whether or not the notice specified in this Article
has been given and whether or not the provisions of the Articles regarding general meetings
have been complied with, be deemed to have been duly convened if it is so agreed:

(a) in
the case of an annual general meeting, by all of the Members entitled to attend and vote
thereat; and

(b) in
the case of an extraordinary general meeting, by a majority in number of the Members having
a right to attend and vote at the meeting, together holding not less than ninety-five per
cent (95%) in par value of the Shares giving that right.

21.2 The
accidental omission to give notice of a general meeting to, or the non-receipt of notice
of a general meeting by, any person entitled to receive such notice shall not invalidate
the proceedings of that general meeting.

22 Advance
Notice for Business

22.1 Members
seeking to bring business before an annual general meeting of the Company, or to nominate
candidates for appointment as Directors at an annual general meeting, must provide written
notice of such business to the Company. Such notice must be received by the Company by the
Companys secretary (or, if none is appointed, any other Officer) at its principal
office no later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the close of
business on the 150th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual
general meeting. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion
in the annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

18 

22.2 To
be in proper written form, a Members notice to the Companys secretary (or,
if none is appointed, any other Officer) with respect to any business (other than nominations)
must set forth as to each such matter such Member proposes to bring before the annual general
meeting (i) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual general
meeting, the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed
for consideration and in the event such business includes a proposal to amend these Articles,
the language of the proposed amendment) and the reasons for conducting such business at the
annual general meeting, (ii) the name and record address of such Member and the name and
address of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, (iii) the
class and number of Shares that are owned beneficially and of record by such Member and by
the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, (iv) a description of
all arrangements or understandings between such Member and the beneficial owner, if any,
on whose behalf the proposal is made and any other person or persons (including their names)
in connection with the proposal of such business by such Member, (v) any material interest
of such Member and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made in
such business and (vi) a representation that such Member intends to appear in person or by
proxy at the annual general meeting to bring such business before the annual general meeting.

23 Proceedings
at General Meetings

23.1 No
business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum is present. The holders
of at least one-third of the Shares being individuals present in person or by proxy or if
a corporation or other non-natural person by its duly authorised representative or proxy
shall be a quorum.

23.2 A
person may participate at a general meeting by conference telephone or other communications
equipment by means of which all the persons participating in the meeting can communicate
with each other. Participation by a person in a general meeting in this manner is treated
as presence in person at that meeting.

23.3 A
resolution (including a Special Resolution) in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed
by or on behalf of all of the Members for the time being entitled to receive notice of and
to attend and vote at general meetings (or, being corporations or other non-natural persons,
signed by their duly authorised representatives) shall be as valid and effective as if the
resolution had been passed at a general meeting of the Company duly convened and held.

23.4 If
a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting to commence
or if during such a meeting a quorum ceases to be present, the meeting shall stand adjourned
to the same day in the next week at the same time and/or place or to such other day, time
and/or place as the Directors may determine, and if at the adjourned meeting a quorum is
not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the
Members present shall be a quorum.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

19 

23.5 The
Directors may, at any time prior to the time appointed for the meeting to commence, appoint
any person to act as chairman of a general meeting of the Company or, if the Directors do
not make any such appointment, the chairman, if any, of the board of Directors shall preside
as chairman at such general meeting. If there is no such chairman, or if he shall not be
present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, or is
unwilling to act, the Directors present shall elect one of their number to be chairman of
the meeting. The chairman from time to time may adopt certain rules and regulations for the
conduct of meetings as he or she sees fit.

23.6 If
no Director is willing to act as chairman or if no Director is present within fifteen minutes
after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Members present shall choose one
of their number to be chairman of the meeting.

23.7 The
chairman may, with the consent of a meeting at which a quorum is present (and shall if so
directed by the meeting) adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place to place, but
no business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting other than the business left unfinished
at the meeting from which the adjournment took place.

23.8 When
a general meeting is adjourned for thirty days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall
be given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give
any such notice of an adjourned meeting.

23.9 If,
prior to a Business Combination, a notice is issued in respect of a general meeting and the
Directors, in their absolute discretion, consider that it is impractical or undesirable for
any reason to hold that general meeting at the place, the day and the hour specified in the
notice calling such general meeting, the Directors may postpone the general meeting to another
place, day and/or hour provided that notice of the place, the day and the hour of the rearranged
general meeting is promptly given to all Members. No business shall be transacted at any
postponed meeting other than the business specified in the notice of the original meeting.

23.10 When
a general meeting is postponed for thirty days or more, notice of the postponed meeting shall
be given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give
any such notice of a postponed meeting. All proxy forms submitted for the original general
meeting shall remain valid for the postponed meeting. The Directors may postpone a general
meeting which has already been postponed.

23.11 A
resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a poll.

23.12 A
poll shall be taken as the chairman directs, and the result of the poll shall be deemed to
be the resolution of the general meeting at which the poll was demanded.

23.13 A
poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken
forthwith. A poll demanded on any other question shall be taken at such date, time and place
as the chairman of the general meeting directs, and any business other than that upon which
a poll has been demanded or is contingent thereon may proceed pending the taking of the poll.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

20 

23.14 In
the case of an equality of votes the chairman shall be entitled to a second or casting vote.

24 Votes
of Members

24.1 Subject
to any rights or restrictions attached to any Shares, including as set out at Articles 30.1
and 48, every Member present in any such manner shall have one vote for every Share of which
he is the holder.

24.2 In
the case of joint holders the vote of the senior holder who tenders a vote, whether in person
or by proxy (or, in the case of a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorised
representative or proxy), shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint
holders, and seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names of the holders
stand in the Register of Members.

24.3 A
Member of unsound mind, or in respect of whom an order has been made by any court, having
jurisdiction in lunacy, may vote by his committee, receiver, curator bonis, or other person
on such Members behalf appointed by that court, and any such committee, receiver,
curator bonis or other person may vote by proxy.

24.4 No
person shall be entitled to vote at any general meeting unless he is registered as a Member
on the record date for such meeting nor unless all calls or other monies then payable by
him in respect of Shares have been paid.

24.5 No
objection shall be raised as to the qualification of any voter except at the general meeting
or adjourned general meeting at which the vote objected to is given or tendered and every
vote not disallowed at the meeting shall be valid. Any objection made in due time in accordance
with this Article shall be referred to the chairman whose decision shall be final and conclusive.

24.6 Votes
may be cast either personally or by proxy (or in the case of a corporation or other non-
natural person by its duly authorised representative or proxy). A Member may appoint more
than one proxy or the same proxy under one or more instruments to attend and vote at a meeting.
Where a Member appoints more than one proxy the instrument of proxy shall specify the number
of Shares in respect of which each proxy is entitled to exercise the related votes.

24.7 A
Member holding more than one Share need not cast the votes in respect of his Shares in the
same way on any resolution and therefore may vote a Share or some or all such Shares either
for or against a resolution and/or abstain from voting a Share or some or all of the Shares
and, subject to the terms of the instrument appointing him, a proxy appointed under one or
more instruments may vote a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which he is
appointed either for or against a resolution and/or abstain from voting a Share or some or
all of the Shares in respect of which he is appointed.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

21 

25 Proxies

25.1 The
instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing and shall be executed under the hand of
the appointor or of his attorney duly authorised in writing, or, if the appointor is a corporation
or other non natural person, under the hand of its duly authorised representative. A proxy
need not be a Member.

25.2 The
Directors may, in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting, or in an instrument
of proxy sent out by the Company, specify the manner by which the instrument appointing a
proxy shall be deposited and the place and the time (being not later than the time appointed
for the commencement of the meeting or adjourned meeting to which the proxy relates) at which
the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited. In the absence of any such direction
from the Directors in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting or in an instrument
of proxy sent out by the Company, the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited physically
at the Registered Office on a business day not less than 48 hours before the time appointed
for the meeting or adjourned meeting to commence at which the person named in the instrument
proposes to vote. For the purposes of this Article, business day means any day other than
a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies
are authorised or obligated by law to close in the location of the Registered Office.

25.3 The
chairman may in any event at his discretion declare that an instrument of proxy shall be
deemed to have been duly deposited. An instrument of proxy that is not deposited in the manner
permitted, or which has not been declared to have been duly deposited by the chairman, shall
be invalid.

25.4 The
instrument appointing a proxy may be in any usual or common form (or such other form as the
Directors may approve) and may be expressed to be for a particular meeting or any adjournment
thereof or generally until revoked. An instrument appointing a proxy shall be deemed to include
the power to demand or join or concur in demanding a poll.

25.5 Votes
given in accordance with the terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid notwithstanding
the previous death or insanity of the principal or revocation of the proxy or of the authority
under which the proxy was executed, or the transfer of the Share in respect of which the
proxy is given unless notice in writing of such death, insanity, revocation or transfer was
received by the Company at the Registered Office on a business day before the commencement
of the general meeting, or adjourned meeting at which it is sought to use the proxy. For
the purposes of this Article, business day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday
or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are authorised
or obligated by law to close in the location of the Registered Office.

26 Corporate
Members

26.1 Any
corporation or other non-natural person which is a Member may in accordance with its constitutional
documents, or in the absence of such provision by resolution of its directors or other governing
body, authorise such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at any meeting
of the Company or of any class of Members, and the person so authorised shall be entitled
to exercise the same powers on behalf of the corporation which he represents as the corporation
could exercise if it were an individual Member.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

22 

26.2 If
a Clearing House (or its nominee(s)), being a corporation, is a Member, it may authorise
such persons as it sees fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or
at any meeting of any class of Members provided that the authorisation shall specify the
number and class of Shares in respect of which each such representative is so authorised.
Each person so authorised under the provisions of this Article shall be deemed to have been
duly authorised without further evidence of the facts and be entitled to exercise the same
rights and powers on behalf of the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)) as if such person was
the registered holder of such Shares held by the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)).

27 Shares
that may not be Voted

Shares
in the Company that are beneficially owned by the Company shall not be voted, directly or indirectly, at any meeting and shall not be
counted in determining the total number of outstanding Shares at any given time.

28 Directors

There
shall be a board of Directors consisting of not less than one person provided however that, subject to the requirement to have at least
one Director, the Directors may from time to time fix the maximum and minimum number of Directors to be appointed by resolution of the
board of Directors.

29 Powers
of Directors

29.1 Subject
to the provisions of the Statute, the Memorandum and the Articles and to any directions given
by Special Resolution, the business of the Company shall be managed by the Directors who
may exercise all the powers of the Company. No alteration of the Memorandum or Articles and
no such direction shall invalidate any prior act of the Directors which would have been valid
if that alteration had not been made or that direction had not been given. A duly convened
meeting of Directors at which a quorum is present may exercise all powers exercisable by
the Directors.

29.2 All
cheques, promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange and other negotiable or transferable
instruments and all receipts for monies paid to the Company shall be signed, drawn, accepted,
endorsed or otherwise executed as the case may be in such manner as the Directors shall determine
by resolution.

29.3 The
Directors on behalf of the Company may pay a gratuity or pension or allowance on retirement
to any Director who has held any other salaried office or place of profit with the Company
or to his widow or dependants and may make contributions to any fund and pay premiums for
the purchase or provision of any such gratuity, pension or allowance.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

23 

29.4 The
Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to borrow money and to mortgage or charge
its undertaking, property and assets (present and future) and uncalled capital or any part
thereof and to issue debentures, debenture stock, mortgages, bonds and other such securities
whether outright or as security for any debt, liability or obligation of the Company or of
any third party.

30 Appointment
and Removal of Directors

30.1 Subject
to Article 28, prior to the closing of a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary
Resolution of the holders of the Class B Shares appoint any person to be a Director or may
by Ordinary Resolution of the holders of the Class B Shares remove any Director. For the
avoidance of doubt, prior to the closing of a Business Combination, holders of Class A Shares
shall have no right to vote on the appointment or removal of any Director.

30.2 Subject
to Article 28, the Directors may appoint any person to be a Director, either to fill a vacancy
or as an additional Director.

30.3 Subject
to Article 28, after the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary
Resolution appoint any person to be a Director or may by Ordinary Resolution remove any Director.

30.4 The
Directors shall be divided into three (3) classes designated as Class I, Class II and Class
III, respectively. Directors shall be assigned to each class in accordance with a resolution
or resolutions adopted by the board of Directors. At the first annual general meeting of
the Company, the term of office of the Class I Directors shall expire and Class I Directors
shall be elected for a full term of three (3) years. At the second annual general meeting
of the Company, the term of office of the Class II Directors shall expire and Class II Directors
shall be elected for a full term of three (3) years. At the third annual general meeting
of the Company, the term of office of the Class III Directors shall expire and Class III
Directors shall be elected for a full term of three (3) years. At each succeeding annual
general meeting of the Company, Directors shall be elected for a full term of three (3) years
to succeed the Directors of the class whose terms expire at such annual general meeting.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article, each Director shall hold office
until the expiration of his term, until his successor shall have been duly elected and qualified
or until his earlier death, resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of Directors
constituting the board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent Director.

31 Vacation
of Office of Director

31.1 The
office of a Director shall be vacated if:

(a) the
Director gives notice in writing to the Company that he resigns the office of Director; or

(b) the
Director absents himself (for the avoidance of doubt, without being represented by proxy)
from three consecutive meetings of the board of Directors without special leave of absence
from the Directors, and the Directors pass a resolution that he has by reason of such absence
vacated office; or

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

24 

(c) the
Director dies, becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition with his creditors
generally; or

(d) the
Director is found to be or becomes of unsound mind; or

(e) all
of the other Directors (being not less than two in number) determine that he should be removed
as a Director for Cause (and not otherwise), either by a resolution passed by all of the
other Directors at a meeting of the Directors duly convened and held in accordance with the
Articles or by a resolution in writing signed by all of the other Directors.

32 Proceedings
of Directors

32.1 The
quorum for the transaction of the business of the Directors may be fixed by the Directors,
and unless so fixed shall be two if there are two or more Directors, and shall be one if
there is only one Director.

32.2 Subject
to the provisions of the Articles, the Directors may regulate their proceedings as they think
fit. Questions arising at any meeting shall be decided by a majority of votes. In the case
of an equality of votes, the chairman shall have a second or casting vote.

32.3 A
person may participate in a meeting of the Directors or any committee of Directors by conference
telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all the persons participating
in the meeting can communicate with each other at the same time. Participation by a person
in a meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting. Unless otherwise
determined by the Directors, the meeting shall be deemed to be held at the place where the
chairman is located at the start of the meeting.

32.4 A
resolution in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed by all the Directors or all the
members of a committee of the Directors or, in the case of a resolution in writing relating
to the removal of any Director or the vacation of office by any Director, all of the Directors
other than the Director who is the subject of such resolution shall be as valid and effectual
as if it had been passed at a meeting of the Directors, or committee of Directors as the
case may be, duly convened and held.

32.5 A
Director may, or other Officer on the direction of a Director shall, call a meeting of the
Directors by at least two (2) days notice in writing to every Director which notice
shall set forth the general nature of the business to be considered unless notice is waived
by all the Directors either at, before or after the meeting is held. To any such notice of
a meeting of the Directors all the provisions of the Articles relating to the giving of notices
by the Company to the Members shall apply mutatis mutandis.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

25 

32.6 The
continuing Directors (or a sole continuing Director, as the case may be) may act notwithstanding
any vacancy in their body, but if and so long as their number is reduced below the number
fixed by or pursuant to the Articles as the necessary quorum of Directors the continuing
Directors or Director may act for the purpose of increasing the number of Directors to be
equal to such fixed number, or of summoning a general meeting of the Company, but for no
other purpose.

32.7 The
Directors may elect a chairman of their board and determine the period for which he is to
hold office; but if no such chairman is elected, or if at any meeting the chairman is not
present within five minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Directors
present may choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting.

32.8 All
acts done by any meeting of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors shall, notwithstanding
that it is afterwards discovered that there was some defect in the appointment of any Director,
and/or that they or any of them were disqualified, and/or had vacated their office and/or
were not entitled to vote, be as valid as if every such person had been duly appointed and/or
not disqualified to be a Director and/or had not vacated their office and/or had been entitled
to vote, as the case may be.

32.9 A
Director may be represented at any meetings of the board of Directors by a proxy appointed
in writing by him. The proxy shall count towards the quorum and the vote of the proxy shall
for all purposes be deemed to be that of the appointing Director.

33 Presumption
of Assent

A
Director who is present at a meeting of the board of Directors at which action on any Company matter is taken shall be presumed to have
assented to the action taken unless his dissent shall be entered in the minutes of the meeting or unless he shall file his written dissent
from such action with the person acting as the chairman or secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof or shall forward such
dissent by registered post to such person immediately after the adjournment of the meeting. Such right to dissent shall not apply to
a Director who voted in favour of such action.

34 Directors
Interests

34.1 A
Director may hold any other office or place of profit under the Company (other than the office
of Auditor) in conjunction with his office of Director for such period and on such terms
as to remuneration and otherwise as the Directors may determine.

34.2 A
Director may act by himself or by, through or on behalf of his firm in a professional capacity
for the Company and he or his firm shall be entitled to remuneration for professional services
as if he were not a Director.

34.3 A
Director may be or become a director or other officer of or otherwise interested in any company
promoted by the Company or in which the Company may be interested as a shareholder, a contracting
party or otherwise, and no such Director shall be accountable to the Company for any remuneration
or other benefits received by him as a director or officer of, or from his interest in, such
other company.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

26 

34.4 No
person shall be disqualified from the office of Director or prevented by such office from
contracting with the Company, either as vendor, purchaser or otherwise, nor shall any such
contract or any contract or transaction entered into by or on behalf of the Company in which
any Director shall be in any way interested be or be liable to be avoided, nor shall any
Director so contracting or being so interested be liable to account to the Company for any
profit realised by or arising in connection with any such contract or transaction by reason
of such Director holding office or of the fiduciary relationship thereby established. A Director
shall be at liberty to vote in respect of any contract or transaction in which he is interested
provided that the nature of the interest of any Director in any such contract or transaction
shall be disclosed by him at or prior to its consideration and any vote thereon.

34.5 A
general notice that a Director is a shareholder, director, officer or employee of any specified
firm or company and is to be regarded as interested in any transaction with such firm or
company shall be sufficient disclosure for the purposes of voting on a resolution in respect
of a contract or transaction in which he has an interest, and after such general notice it
shall not be necessary to give special notice relating to any particular transaction.

35 Minutes

The
Directors shall cause minutes to be made in books kept for the purpose of recording all appointments of Officers made by the Directors,
all proceedings at meetings of the Company or the holders of any class of Shares and of the Directors, and of committees of the Directors,
including the names of the Directors present at each meeting.

36 Delegation
of Directors Powers

36.1 The
Directors may delegate any of their powers, authorities and discretions, including the power
to sub-delegate, to any committee consisting of one or more Directors (including, without
limitation and as applicable, the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee, if established). Any such delegation may be made subject
to any conditions the Directors may impose and either collaterally with or to the exclusion
of their own powers and any such delegation may be revoked or altered by the Directors. Subject
to any such conditions, the proceedings of a committee of Directors shall be governed by
the Articles regulating the proceedings of Directors, so far as they are capable of applying.

36.2 The
Directors may establish any committees, local boards or agencies or appoint any person to
be a manager or agent for managing the affairs of the Company and may appoint any person
to be a member of such committees, local boards or agencies. Any such appointment may be
made subject to any conditions the Directors may impose, and either collaterally with or
to the exclusion of their own powers and any such appointment may be revoked or altered by
the Directors. Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings of any such committee, local
board or agency shall be governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings of Directors,
so far as they are capable of applying.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

27 

36.3 The
Directors may adopt formal written charters for committees and, if so adopted, shall review
and assess the adequacy of such formal written charters on an annual basis. Each of these
committees shall be empowered to do all things necessary to exercise the rights of such committee
set forth in the Articles and shall have such powers as the Directors may delegate pursuant
to the Articles and as required by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange,
the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or
otherwise under Applicable Law. Each of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, if established, shall consist of such
number of Directors as the Directors shall from time to time determine (or such minimum number
as may be required from time to time by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock
Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority
or otherwise under Applicable Law). For so long as any class of Shares is listed on the Designated
Stock Exchange, the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee, if established, shall be made up of such number of Independent Directors
as is required from time to time by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange,
the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or
otherwise under Applicable Law.

36.4 The
Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any person to be the agent of the
Company on such conditions as the Directors may determine, provided that the delegation is
not to the exclusion of their own powers and may be revoked by the Directors at any time.

36.5 The
Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any company, firm, person or body
of persons, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors, to be the attorney
or authorised signatory of the Company for such purpose and with such powers, authorities
and discretions (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable by the Directors under the
Articles) and for such period and subject to such conditions as they may think fit, and any
such powers of attorney or other appointment may contain such provisions for the protection
and convenience of persons dealing with any such attorneys or authorised signatories as the
Directors may think fit and may also authorise any such attorney or authorised signatory
to delegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions vested in him.

36.6 The
Directors may appoint such Officers as they consider necessary on such terms, at such remuneration
and to perform such duties, and subject to such provisions as to disqualification and removal
as the Directors may think fit. Unless otherwise specified in the terms of his appointment
an Officer may be removed by resolution of the Directors or Members. An Officer may vacate
his office at any time if he gives notice in writing to the Company that he resigns his office.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

28 

37 No
Minimum Shareholding

The
Company in general meeting may fix a minimum shareholding required to be held by a Director, but unless and until such a shareholding
qualification is fixed a Director is not required to hold Shares.

38 Remuneration
of Directors

38.1 The
remuneration to be paid to the Directors, if any, shall be such remuneration as the Directors
shall determine. The Directors shall also, whether prior to or after the consummation of
a Business Combination, be entitled to be paid all travelling, hotel and other expenses properly
incurred by them in connection with their attendance at meetings of Directors or committees
of Directors, or general meetings of the Company, or separate meetings of the holders of
any class of Shares or debentures of the Company, or otherwise in connection with the business
of the Company or the discharge of their duties as a Director, or to receive a fixed allowance
in respect thereof as may be determined by the Directors, or a combination partly of one
such method and partly the other.

38.2 The
Directors may by resolution approve additional remuneration to any Director for any services
which in the opinion of the Directors go beyond his ordinary routine work as a Director.
Any fees paid to a Director who is also counsel, attorney or solicitor to the Company, or
otherwise serves it in a professional capacity shall be in addition to his remuneration as
a Director.

39 Seal

39.1 The
Company may, if the Directors so determine, have a Seal. The Seal shall only be used by the
authority of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors authorised by the Directors.
Every instrument to which the Seal has been affixed shall be signed by at least one person
who shall be either a Director or some Officer or other person appointed by the Directors
for the purpose.

39.2 The
Company may have for use in any place or places outside the Cayman Islands a duplicate Seal
or Seals each of which shall be a facsimile of the common Seal of the Company and, if the
Directors so determine, with the addition on its face of the name of every place where it
is to be used.

39.3 A
Director or Officer, representative or attorney of the Company may without further authority
of the Directors affix the Seal over his signature alone to any document of the Company required
to be authenticated by him under seal or to be filed with the Registrar of Companies in the
Cayman Islands or elsewhere wheresoever.

40 Dividends,
Distributions and Reserve

40.1 Subject
to the Statute and this Article and except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to
any Shares, the Directors may resolve to pay Dividends and other distributions on Shares
in issue and authorise payment of the Dividends or other distributions out of the funds of
the Company lawfully available therefor. A Dividend shall be deemed to be an interim Dividend
unless the terms of the resolution pursuant to which the Directors resolve to pay such Dividend
specifically state that such Dividend shall be a final Dividend. No Dividend or other distribution
shall be paid except out of the realised or unrealised profits of the Company, out of the
share premium account or as otherwise permitted by law.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

29 

40.2 Except
as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, all Dividends and other distributions
shall be paid according to the par value of the Shares that a Member holds. If any Share
is issued on terms providing that it shall rank for Dividend as from a particular date, that
Share shall rank for Dividend accordingly.

40.3 The
Directors may deduct from any Dividend or other distribution payable to any Member all sums
of money (if any) then payable by him to the Company on account of calls or otherwise.

40.4 The
Directors may resolve that any Dividend or other distribution be paid wholly or partly by
the distribution of specific assets and in particular (but without limitation) by the distribution
of shares, debentures, or securities of any other company or in any one or more of such ways
and where any difficulty arises in regard to such distribution, the Directors may settle
the same as they think expedient and in particular may issue fractional Shares and may fix
the value for distribution of such specific assets or any part thereof and may determine
that cash payments shall be made to any Members upon the basis of the value so fixed in order
to adjust the rights of all Members and may vest any such specific assets in trustees in
such manner as may seem expedient to the Directors.

40.5 Except
as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, Dividends and other distributions
may be paid in any currency. The Directors may determine the basis of conversion for any
currency conversions that may be required and how any costs involved are to be met.

40.6 The
Directors may, before resolving to pay any Dividend or other distribution, set aside such
sums as they think proper as a reserve or reserves which shall, at the discretion of the
Directors, be applicable for any purpose of the Company and pending such application may,
at the discretion of the Directors, be employed in the business of the Company.

40.7 Any
Dividend, other distribution, interest or other monies payable in cash in respect of Shares
may be paid by wire transfer to the holder or by cheque or warrant sent through the post
directed to the registered address of the holder or, in the case of joint holders, to the
registered address of the holder who is first named on the Register of Members or to such
person and to such address as such holder or joint holders may in writing direct. Every such
cheque or warrant shall be made payable to the order of the person to whom it is sent. Any
one of two or more joint holders may give effectual receipts for any Dividends, other distributions,
bonuses, or other monies payable in respect of the Share held by them as joint holders.

40.8 No
Dividend or other distribution shall bear interest against the Company.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

30 

40.9 Any
Dividend or other distribution which cannot be paid to a Member and/or which remains unclaimed
after six months from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable
may, in the discretion of the Directors, be paid into a separate account in the Companys
name, provided that the Company shall not be constituted as a trustee in respect of that
account and the Dividend or other distribution shall remain as a debt due to the Member.
Any Dividend or other distribution which remains unclaimed after a period of six years from
the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable shall be forfeited
and shall revert to the Company.

41 Capitalisation

The
Directors may at any time capitalise any sum standing to the credit of any of the Companys reserve accounts or funds (including
the share premium account and capital redemption reserve fund) or any sum standing to the credit of the profit and loss account or otherwise
available for distribution; appropriate such sum to Members in the proportions in which such sum would have been divisible amongst such
Members had the same been a distribution of profits by way of Dividend or other distribution; and apply such sum on their behalf in paying
up in full unissued Shares for allotment and distribution credited as fully paid- up to and amongst them in the proportion aforesaid.
In such event the Directors shall do all acts and things required to give effect to such capitalisation, with full power given to the
Directors to make such provisions as they think fit in the case of Shares becoming distributable in fractions (including provisions whereby
the benefit of fractional entitlements accrue to the Company rather than to the Members concerned). The Directors may authorise any person
to enter on behalf of all of the Members interested into an agreement with the Company providing for such capitalisation and matters
incidental or relating thereto and any agreement made under such authority shall be effective and binding on all such Members and the
Company.

42 Books
of Account

42.1 The
Directors shall cause proper books of account (including, where applicable, material underlying
documentation including contracts and invoices) to be kept with respect to all sums of money
received and expended by the Company and the matters in respect of which the receipt or expenditure
takes place, all sales and purchases of goods by the Company and the assets and liabilities
of the Company. Such books of account must be retained for a minimum period of five years
from the date on which they are prepared. Proper books shall not be deemed to be kept if
there are not kept such books of account as are necessary to give a true and fair view of
the state of the Companys affairs and to explain its transactions.

42.2 The
Directors shall determine whether and to what extent and at what times and places and under
what conditions or regulations the accounts and books of the Company or any of them shall
be open to the inspection of Members not being Directors and no Member (not being a Director)
shall have any right of inspecting any account or book or document of the Company except
as conferred by Statute or authorised by the Directors or by the Company in general meeting.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

31 

42.3 The
Directors may cause to be prepared and to be laid before the Company in general meeting profit
and loss accounts, balance sheets, group accounts (if any) and such other reports and accounts
as may be required by law.

43 Audit

43.1 The
Directors may appoint an Auditor of the Company who shall hold office on such terms as the
Directors determine.

43.2 Without
prejudice to the freedom of the Directors to establish any other committee, if the Shares
(or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange,
and if required by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities
and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under
Applicable Law, the Directors shall establish and maintain an Audit Committee as a committee
of the Directors and shall adopt a formal written Audit Committee charter and review and
assess the adequacy of the formal written charter on an annual basis. The composition and
responsibilities of the Audit Committee shall comply with the rules and regulations of the
Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent
regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. The Audit Committee shall meet at
least once every financial quarter, or more frequently as circumstances dictate.

43.3 If
the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock
Exchange, the Company shall conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions
on an ongoing basis and shall utilise the Audit Committee for the review and approval of
potential conflicts of interest.

43.4 The
remuneration of the Auditor shall be fixed by the Audit Committee (if one exists).

43.5 If
the office of Auditor becomes vacant by resignation or death of the Auditor, or by his becoming
incapable of acting by reason of illness or other disability at a time when his services
are required, the Directors shall fill the vacancy and determine the remuneration of such
Auditor.

43.6 Every
Auditor of the Company shall have a right of access at all times to the books and accounts
and vouchers of the Company and shall be entitled to require from the Directors and Officers
such information and explanation as may be necessary for the performance of the duties of
the Auditor.

43.7 Auditors
shall, if so required by the Directors, make a report on the accounts of the Company during
their tenure of office at the next annual general meeting following their appointment in
the case of a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an ordinary
company, and at the next extraordinary general meeting following their appointment in the
case of a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an exempted company,
and at any other time during their term of office, upon request of the Directors or any general
meeting of the Members.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

32 

43.8 Any
payment made to members of the Audit Committee (if one exists) shall require the review and
approval of the Directors, with any Director interested in such payment abstaining from such
review and approval.

43.9 The
Audit Committee shall monitor compliance with the terms of the IPO and, if any non- compliance
is identified, the Audit Committee shall be charged with the responsibility to take all action
necessary to rectify such non-compliance or otherwise cause compliance with the terms of
the IPO.

43.10 At
least one (1) member of the Audit Committee shall be an audit committee financial
expert as determined by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange,
the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or
otherwise under Applicable Law. The audit committee financial expert shall
have such past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification
in accounting, or any other comparable experience or background which results in the individuals
financial sophistication.

44 Notices

44.1 Notices
shall be in writing and may be given by the Company to any Member either personally or by
sending it by courier, post, cable, telex, fax or e-mail to him or to his address as shown
in the Register of Members (or where the notice is given by e-mail by sending it to the e-mail
address provided by such Member). Notice may also be served by Electronic Communication in
accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities
and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or by placing it
on the Companys Website.

44.2 Where
a notice is sent by:

(a) courier;
service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by delivery of the notice to a courier
company, and shall be deemed to have been received on the third day (not including Saturdays
or Sundays or public holidays) following the day on which the notice was delivered to the
courier;

(b) post;
service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing, pre paying and
posting a letter containing the notice, and shall be deemed to have been received on the
fifth day (not including Saturdays or Sundays or public holidays in the Cayman Islands) following
the day on which the notice was posted;

(c) cable,
telex or fax; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing
and sending such notice and shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it
was transmitted;

(d) e-mail
or other Electronic Communication; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by
transmitting the e-mail to the e-mail address provided by the intended recipient and shall
be deemed to have been received on the same day that it was sent, and it shall not be necessary
for the receipt of the e-mail to be acknowledged by the recipient; and

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

33 

(e) placing
it on the Companys Website; service of the notice shall be deemed to have been effected
one hour after the notice or document was placed on the Companys Website.

44.3 A
notice may be given by the Company to the person or persons which the Company has been advised
are entitled to a Share or Shares in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member in
the same manner as other notices which are required to be given under the Articles and shall
be addressed to them by name, or by the title of representatives of the deceased, or trustee
of the bankrupt, or by any like description at the address supplied for that purpose by the
persons claiming to be so entitled, or at the option of the Company by giving the notice
in any manner in which the same might have been given if the death or bankruptcy had not
occurred.

44.4 Notice
of every general meeting shall be given in any manner authorised by the Articles to every
holder of Shares carrying an entitlement to receive such notice on the record date for such
meeting except that in the case of joint holders the notice shall be sufficient if given
to the joint holder first named in the Register of Members and every person upon whom the
ownership of a Share devolves by reason of his being a legal personal representative or a
trustee in bankruptcy of a Member where the Member but for his death or bankruptcy would
be entitled to receive notice of the meeting, and no other person shall be entitled to receive
notices of general meetings.

45 Winding
Up

45.1 If
the Company shall be wound up, the liquidator shall apply the assets of the Company in satisfaction
of creditors claims in such manner and order as such liquidator thinks fit. Subject
to the rights attaching to any Shares, in a winding up:

(a) if
the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be insufficient to repay
the whole of the Companys issued share capital, such assets shall be distributed so
that, as nearly as may be, the losses shall be borne by the Members in proportion to the
par value of the Shares held by them; or

(b) if
the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be more than sufficient to
repay the whole of the Companys issued share capital at the commencement of the winding
up, the surplus shall be distributed amongst the Members in proportion to the par value of
the Shares held by them at the commencement of the winding up subject to a deduction from
those Shares in respect of which there are monies due, of all monies payable to the Company
for unpaid calls or otherwise.

45.2 If
the Company shall be wound up the liquidator may, subject to the rights attaching to any
Shares and with the approval of a Special Resolution of the Company and any other approval
required by the Statute, divide amongst the Members in kind the whole or any part of the
assets of the Company (whether such assets shall consist of property of the same kind or
not) and may for that purpose value any assets and determine how the division shall be carried
out as between the Members or different classes of Members. The liquidator may, with the
like approval, vest the whole or any part of such assets in trustees upon such trusts for
the benefit of the Members as the liquidator, with the like approval, shall think fit, but
so that no Member shall be compelled to accept any asset upon which there is a liability.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

34 

46 Indemnity
and Insurance

46.1 Every
Director and Officer (which for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include auditors of the
Company), together with every former Director and former Officer (each an Indemnified
Person) shall to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law be indemnified out of
the assets of the Company against any liability, action, proceeding, claim, demand, costs,
damages or expenses, including legal expenses, whatsoever which they or any of them may incur
as a result of any act or failure to act in carrying out their functions other than such
liability (if any) that they may incur by reason of their own actual fraud, wilful neglect
or wilful default. No Indemnified Person shall be liable to the Company for any loss or damage
incurred by the Company as a result (whether direct or indirect) of the carrying out of their
functions unless that liability arises through the actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful
default of such Indemnified Person. No person shall be found to have committed actual fraud,
wilful neglect or wilful default under this Article unless or until a court of competent
jurisdiction shall have made a finding to that effect.

46.2 Each
Member specifically agrees to waive any claim or right of action such Member might have,
whether individually or by, or in, the right of the Company, against any Director or Officer
in connection with new or competing merger bids or proposals which are proffered to the Board
at any time after the execution of a definitive agreement concerning a Business Combination
provided that such waiver shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty
in relation to the Company which may attach to such Director or Officer.

46.3 The
Company shall advance to each Indemnified Person reasonable attorneys fees and other
costs and expenses incurred in connection with the defence of any action, suit, proceeding
or investigation involving such Indemnified Person for which indemnity will or could be sought.
In connection with any advance of any expenses hereunder, the Indemnified Person shall execute
an undertaking to repay the advanced amount to the Company if it shall be determined by final
judgment or other final adjudication that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification
pursuant to this Article. If it shall be determined by a final judgment or other final adjudication
that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification with respect to such judgment,
costs or expenses, then such party shall not be indemnified with respect to such judgment,
costs or expenses and any advancement shall be returned to the Company (without interest)
by the Indemnified Person.

46.4 The
Directors, on behalf of the Company, may purchase and maintain insurance for the benefit
of any Director or other Officer against any liability which, by virtue of any rule of law,
would otherwise attach to such person in respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty
or breach of trust of which such person may be guilty in relation to the Company.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

35 

47 Financial
Year

Unless
the Directors otherwise prescribe, the financial year of the Company shall end on 31st December in each year and, following the year
of incorporation, shall begin on 1st January in each year.

48 Transfer
by Way of Continuation

48.1 If
the Company is exempted as defined in the Statute, it shall, subject to the provisions of
the Statute and with the approval of a Special Resolution passed in accordance with this
Article 48, have the power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate under the
laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman
Islands.

48.2 Prior
to the closing of a Business Combination, only the Class B Shares shall carry the right to
vote on any resolution of the shareholders to approve any transfer by way of continuation
pursuant to this Article (including any Special Resolution required to amend the constitutional
documents of the Company or to adopt new constitutional documents of the Company, in each
case, as a result of the Company approving a transfer by way of continuation in a jurisdiction
outside the Cayman Islands).

49 Mergers
and Consolidations

The
Company shall have the power to merge or consolidate with one or more other constituent companies (as defined in the Statute) upon such
terms as the Directors may determine and (to the extent required by the Statute) with the approval of a Special Resolution.

50 Business
Combination

50.1 Notwithstanding
any other provision of the Articles, this Article shall apply during the period commencing
upon the adoption of the Articles and terminating upon the first to occur of the consummation
of a Business Combination and the full distribution of the Trust Account pursuant to this
Article. In the event of a conflict between this Article and any other Articles, the provisions
of this Article shall prevail.

50.2 Prior
to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company shall either:

(a) submit
such Business Combination to its Members for approval; or

(b) provide
Members with the opportunity to have their Shares repurchased by means of a tender offer
for a per-Share repurchase price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account, calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of such
Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account (which interest shall
be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued Public Shares.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

36 

50.3 If
the Company initiates any tender offer in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of
the Exchange Act in connection with a proposed Business Combination, it shall file tender
offer documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission prior to completing such Business
Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about such
Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the
Exchange Act. If, alternatively, the Company holds a general meeting to approve a proposed
Business Combination, the Company will conduct any redemptions in conjunction with a proxy
solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, and not pursuant to the tender
offer rules, and file proxy materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

50.4 At
a general meeting called for the purposes of approving a Business Combination pursuant to
this Article, in the event that such Business Combination is approved by Ordinary Resolution,
the Company shall be authorised to consummate such Business Combination.

50.5 Any
Member holding Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director may,
in connection with any vote on a proposed Business Combination, elect to have their Public
Shares redeemed for cash in accordance with any applicable requirements provided for in the
related proxy materials (the IPO Redemption), including, without limitation, such
requirements with respect to the deadline for making such election (the Election Deadline),
provided that (a) no such Member, together with any Affiliate of such Member or any other
person with whom such Member is acting in concert or as a group (as defined
under Section 13 of the Exchange Act) may exercise this redemption right with respect to
more than fifteen per cent (15%) of the Public Shares in the aggregate without the prior
consent of the Company and (b) if the Company requires in its sole discretion, any holder
that holds Public Shares beneficially through a nominee must identify itself to the Company
in connection with any redemption election in order to validly redeem such Public Shares.
Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, the board of Directors may, at any time and either
before or after the initially scheduled vote on a Business Combination, in its sole discretion
extend the Election Deadline to a later date and may extend an Election Deadline which has
already been extended. If so demanded, the Company shall pay any such redeeming Member, regardless
of whether he is abstaining from voting on or voting for or against such proposed Business
Combination, a per-Share redemption price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation
of the Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account (which interest
shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued Public Shares (such
redemption price being referred to herein as the Redemption Price), subject to Applicable
Law, but only in the event that the applicable proposed Business Combination is approved
and consummated.

50.6 A
Member may not withdraw a Redemption Notice once submitted to the Company unless the Directors
determine (in their sole discretion) to permit the withdrawal of such redemption request
(which they may do in whole or in part).

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

37 

50.7 In
the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination within the Completion
Window, the Company shall:

(a) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up;

(b) as
promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten (10) business days thereafter, subject
to lawfully available funds, redeem the Public Shares, at a per- Share price, payable in
cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest
earned on the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and less up to
$100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of Public Shares
then in issue, which redemption will completely extinguish public Members rights as
Members (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) subject
to applicable law; and

(c) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the
Companys remaining Members and the Directors, liquidate and dissolve,

subject
in each case to the Companys obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject
to the other requirements of Applicable Law.

50.8 In
the event that any amendment is made to the Articles not for the purposes of approving, or
in conjunction with the consummation of, a Business Combination:

(a) to
modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection
with a Business Combination or to redeem one hundred per cent (100%) of the Public Shares
if the Company has not consummated a Business Combination within the Completion Window; or

(b) with
respect to any other material provisions relating to (i) the rights of holders of Class A
Shares; or (ii) pre-initial Business Combination activity,

each
holder of Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their
Public Shares upon the effectiveness of any such amendment at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided
by the number of Public Shares then in issue, subject to Applicable Law.

50.9 Except
for any amounts released to the Company to pay taxes, none of the funds in the Trust Account
shall be released from the Trust Account until the earlier of: (i) an IPO Redemption pursuant
to Article 50.5; (ii) a repurchase of Shares by means of a tender offer pursuant to Article
50.2(b); (iii) a distribution of the Trust Account pursuant to Article 50.7; or (iv) an amendment
under Article 50.8. A holder of Public Shares shall be entitled to receive distributions
from the Trust Account only in the event of (i) to (iv) under this Article 50.9. In no other
circumstance shall a holder of Public Shares have any right or interest of any kind in the
Trust Account.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

38 

50.10 Except
in connection with the conversion of Class B Shares into Class A Shares pursuant to Article
17 where the holders of such Shares have waived any right to receive funds from the Trust
Account, after the issue of Public Shares, and prior to the consummation of a Business Combination,
the Company shall not issue additional Shares or any other securities that would entitle
the holders thereof to:

(a) receive
funds from the Trust Account; or

(b) vote
as a class with Public Shares on a Business Combination.

50.11 A
Director may vote in respect of a Business Combination in which such Director has a conflict
of interest with respect to the evaluation of such Business Combination. Such Director must
disclose such interest or conflict to the other Directors.

50.12 The
Company shall not enter into an initial Business Combination solely with another blank cheque
company or a similar company with nominal operations.

50.13 The
Company may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is an Affiliate
of the Sponsor, an Officer or a Director. In the event the Company seeks to complete a Business
Combination with a target business that is an Affiliate of the Sponsor, an Officer or a Director,
the Company, or a committee of Independent Directors, shall obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions
stating that the consideration to be paid by the Company in such a Business Combination is
fair to the Company from a financial point of view.

51 Certain
Tax Filings

Each
Tax Filing Authorised Person and any such other person, acting alone, as any Director shall designate from time to time, are authorised
to file tax forms SS-4, W-8 BEN, W-8 IMY, W-9, 8832 and 2553 and such other similar tax forms as are customary to file with any US state
or federal governmental authorities or foreign governmental authorities in connection with the formation, activities and/or elections
of the Company and such other tax forms as may be approved from time to time by any Director or Officer. The Company further ratifies
and approves any such filing made by any Tax Filing Authorised Person or such other person prior to the date of the Articles.

52 Business
Opportunities

52.1 To
the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, none of the Sponsor or any individual serving
as a Director or an Officer (Management) shall have any duty, except and to the extent
expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same
or similar business activities or lines of business as the Company. To the fullest extent
permitted by Applicable Law, the Company renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company
in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter
which (a) may be a corporate opportunity for Management, on the one hand, and the Company,
on the other or (b) the presentation of which would breach an existing legal obligation of
a member of Management to any other entity. Except to the extent expressly assumed by contract,
to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, Management shall have no duty to communicate
or offer any such corporate opportunity to the Company and shall not be liable to the Company
or its Members for breach of any fiduciary duty as a Member, Director and/or Officer solely
by reason of the fact that such party pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for
itself, himself or herself, directs such corporate opportunity to another person, or does
not communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to the Company.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

39 

52.2 Except
as provided elsewhere in this Article, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law
the Company hereby renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered
an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate
opportunity for both the Company and Management, about which a Director and/or Officer who
is also a member of Management acquires knowledge.

52.3 To
the extent a court might hold that the conduct of any activity related to a corporate opportunity
that is renounced in this Article to be a breach of duty to the Company or its Members, the
Company hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, any and all claims
and causes of action that the Company may have for such activities. To the fullest extent
permitted by Applicable Law, the provisions of this Article apply equally to activities conducted
in the future and that have been conducted in the past.

52.4 Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Article, such renouncement shall not apply to any business
opportunity that is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a Director
or Officer of the Company and it is an opportunity the Company is able to complete on a reasonable
basis.

53 Exclusive
Jurisdiction

53.1 Unless
the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of the
Cayman Islands shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim or dispute arising out of
or in connection with the Memorandum, the Articles or otherwise related in any way to each
Members shareholding in the Company, including but not limited to:

(a) any
derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company;

(b) any
action asserting a claim of breach of any fiduciary or other duty owed by any current or
former Director, Officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Members;

(c) any
action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Statute, the Memorandum
or the Articles; or

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

40 

(d) any
action asserting a claim against the Company governed by the Internal Affairs Doctrine
(as such concept is recognised under the laws of the United States of America).

53.2 Each
Member irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Cayman Islands
over all such claims or disputes.

53.3 Without
prejudice to any other rights or remedies that the Company may have, each Member acknowledges
that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the selection of the
courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum and that accordingly the Company shall be
entitled, without proof of special damages, to the remedies of injunction, specific performance
or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the selection of the courts
of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum.

53.4 This
Article 53 shall not apply to any action or suits brought to enforce any liability or duty
created by the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Exchange Act, or any claim for
which the federal district courts of the United States of America are, as a matter of the
laws of the United States, the sole and exclusive forum for determination of such a claim.

Filed: 28-Feb-2025 09:30 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 416107 Auth Code: B06574220930

41
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023270601ex4-1_liveoak5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>WARRANT AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 27, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, AS WARRANT AGENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

WARRANT AGREEMENT

THIS WARRANT AGREEMENT
(this Agreement), dated as of February 27, 2025, is by and between Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V, a Cayman
Islands exempted company (the Company), and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York corporation,
as warrant agent (in such capacity, the Warrant Agent, and also referred to herein as the Transfer
Agent).

WHEREAS, the Company
is engaged in an initial public offering (the Offering) of units of the Companys equity securities,
each such unit comprised of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (Class A Shares)
and one-half of one redeemable Public Warrant (as defined below) (the Units) and, in connection therewith,
has determined to issue and deliver up to 10,000,000 warrants (or up to 11,500,000 warrants if the Over-allotment Option (as defined below)
is exercised in full) to public investors in the Offering (the Public Warrants);

WHEREAS, the Company
entered into that certain Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement with, Live Oak Sponsor V, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(the Sponsor), pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to purchase an aggregate of 4,500,000 private placement
warrants (including if the Over-allotment Option is exercised in full) simultaneously with the closing of the Offering (the Private
Placement Warrants) and, together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants), each bearing the
legend set forth in Exhibit A hereto at a purchase price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant;

WHEREAS, the Company
was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (a Business Combination);

WHEREAS, in order to
finance the Companys transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate
of the Sponsor or the Companys officers and directors (collectively, the Initial Purchasers) may, but
are not obligated to, loan to the Company funds as the Company may require, of which up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible
into up to an additional 1,500,000 warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant, which will be identical to the Private Placement Warrants
(the Working Capital Warrants);

WHEREAS, each Warrant
entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described herein;

WHEREAS, the Company
has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration statement on Form
S-1, File No. 284207 (the Registration Statement), and a prospectus (the Prospectus),
for the registration, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), of the Units, the
Public Warrants and the Class A Shares included in the Units;

WHEREAS, the Company
desires the Warrant Agent to act on behalf of the Company, and the Warrant Agent is willing to so act, in connection with the issuance,
registration, transfer, exchange, redemption and exercise of the Warrants;

WHEREAS, the Company
desires to provide for the form and provisions of the Warrants, the terms upon which they shall be issued and exercised, and the respective
rights, limitation of rights, and immunities of the Company, the Warrant Agent, and the holders of the Warrants; and

WHEREAS, all acts and
things have been done and performed which are necessary to make the Warrants, when executed on behalf of the Company and countersigned
by or on behalf of the Warrant Agent, as provided herein, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company, and to authorize the
execution and delivery of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Appointment of Warrant Agent. The Company hereby appoints
the Warrant Agent to act as agent for the Company for the Warrants, and the Warrant Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees
to perform the same in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

2. Warrants.

2.1. Form of Warrant. Each Warrant shall be issued in registered
form only, and, if a physical certificate is issued, shall be in substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto, the provisions of
which are incorporated herein and shall be signed by, or bear the facsimile signature of, the Chairperson of the Companys board
of directors (the Board), President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary or other
principal officer of the Company. In the event the person whose facsimile signature has been placed upon any Warrant shall have ceased
to serve in the capacity in which such person signed the Warrant before such Warrant is issued, it may be issued with the same effect
as if he or she had not ceased to be such at the date of issuance. All of the Public Warrants shall initially be represented by one or
more book-entry certificates (each, a Book-Entry Warrant Certificate).

2.2. Effect of Countersignature. If a physical certificate
is issued, unless and until countersigned by the Warrant Agent pursuant to this Agreement, a Warrant certificate shall be invalid and
of no effect and may not be exercised by the holder thereof.

2.3. Registration.

2.3.1. Warrant Register. The Warrant Agent shall maintain
books (the Warrant Register) for the registration of original issuance and the registration of transfer of
the Warrants. Upon the initial issuance of the Warrants, the Warrant Agent shall issue and register the Warrants in the names of the
respective holders thereof in such denominations and otherwise in accordance with instructions delivered to the Warrant Agent by the
Company. All of the Public Warrants shall initially be represented by one or more Book-Entry Warrant Certificates deposited with The
Depository Trust Company (the Depositary) and registered in the name of Cede & Co., a nominee of the
Depositary. Ownership of beneficial interests in the Public Warrants shall be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership shall be effected
through, records maintained by (i) the Depositary or its nominee for each Book-Entry Warrant Certificate, or (ii) institutions that have
accounts with the Depositary (each such institution, with respect to a Warrant in its account, a Participant).

If the Depositary subsequently ceases
to make its book-entry settlement system available for the Public Warrants, the Company may instruct the Warrant Agent regarding making
other arrangements for book-entry settlement. In the event that the Public Warrants are not eligible for, or it is no longer necessary
to have the Public Warrants available in, book-entry form, the Warrant Agent shall provide written instructions to the Depositary to
deliver to the Warrant Agent for cancellation each Book-Entry Warrant Certificate, and the Company shall instruct the Warrant Agent to
deliver to the Depositary definitive certificates in physical form evidencing such Warrants (Definitive Warrant Certificate).
Such Definitive Warrant Certificate shall be in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit B, with appropriate insertions, modifications
and omissions, as provided above.

2

2.3.2. Registered Holder. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of any Warrant, the Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and treat the person in whose name such Warrant is registered in the Warrant Register (the Registered Holder) as the absolute owner of such Warrant and of each Warrant represented thereby (notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing on a Definitive Warrant Certificate made by anyone other than the Company or the Warrant Agent), for the purpose of any exercise thereof, and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

2.4. Detachability of Warrants. The Class A Shares and
Public Warrants comprising the Units shall begin separate trading on the 52nd day following the date of the Prospectus or, if such 52nd
day is not on a day, other than a Saturday, Sunday or federal holiday, on which banks in New York City are generally open for normal
business (a Business Day), then on the immediately succeeding Business Day following such date, or earlier
(the Detachment Date) with the consent of Santander US Capital Markets LLC, as representative of the several
underwriters, but in no event shall the Class A Shares and the Public Warrants comprising the Units be separately traded until the Company
issues a press release and files with the Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing when such separate trading shall begin.

2.5. No Fractional Warrants Other Than as Part of Units.
The Company shall not issue fractional Warrants other than as part of the Units, each of which is comprised of one Class A Share and
one-half of one Public Warrant. If, upon the detachment of Public Warrants from the Units or otherwise, a holder of Warrants would be
entitled to receive a fractional Warrant, the Company shall round down to the nearest whole number the number of Warrants to be issued
to such holder.

2.6. Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants.
The Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants shall be identical to the Public Warrants, except that until the date
that is thirty (30) days after the completion by the Company of an initial Business Combination the Private Placement Warrants and the
Working Capital Warrants may not be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders thereof, other than:

2.6.1. to the Companys officers or directors, any affiliate or family member of any of the Companys officers or directors, any members or partners of the Sponsor or their affiliates, any affiliates of the Sponsor, or any employees of such affiliates;

2.6.2. in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of such individuals immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of such individuals immediate family, an affiliate of such individual or to a charitable organization;

2.6.3. in the case of an individual, by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death of such person;

3

2.6.4. in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order;

2.6.5. by private sales or transfers made in connection with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement, in connection with an extension of the timeframe for the Company to consummate a Business Combination or in connection with the consummation of an initial Business Combination at prices no greater than the price at which the Warrants were originally purchased;

2.6.6 by pro rata distributions from the Sponsor to its members, partners or stockholders pursuant to the Sponsors limited liability company agreement or other charter documents;

2.6.7. by virtue of the laws of the Cayman Islands or the limited liability company agreement of the Sponsor upon dissolution of the Sponsor;

2.6.8. in the event of the Companys liquidation prior to the consummation of a Business Combination;

2.6.9. to a nominee or custodian of a person or entity to whom a disposition or transfer would be permissible under clauses 2.6.1 through 2.6.7 above; 

2.6.10 to the Company for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of an initial Business Combination; and

2.6.11. in the event that, subsequent to the consummation of an initial Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of its shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A Shares for cash, securities or other property; provided, however, that, in the case of clauses 2.6.1 through 2.6.7, and 2.6.9 these transferees (the Permitted Transferees) enter into a written agreement with the Company agreeing to be bound by the transfer restrictions in this Agreement and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and the Companys officers and directors.

2.7. Working Capital Warrants. Each of the Working Capital
Warrants shall be identical to the Private Placement Warrants.

4

3. Terms and Exercise of Warrants.

3.1. Warrant Price. Each Warrant shall entitle the Registered
Holder thereof, subject to the provisions of such Warrant and of this Agreement, including without limitation, subsection 3.3.5,
to purchase from the Company the number of Class A Shares stated therein, at the price of $11.50 per share, subject to the adjustments
provided in Section 4 hereof and in the last sentence of this Section 3.1. The term Warrant Price as used
in this Agreement shall mean the price per share (including in cash or by payment of Warrants pursuant to a cashless exercise,
to the extent permitted hereunder) described in the prior sentence at which the Class A Shares may be purchased at the time a Warrant
is exercised. The Company in its sole discretion may lower the Warrant Price at any time prior to the Expiration Date (as defined below)
for a period of not less than twenty (20) Business Days (unless otherwise required by the Commission, any national securities exchange
on which the Warrants are listed or applicable law), provided, that the Company shall provide at least three (3) days prior written
notice of such reduction to Registered Holders of the Warrants and, provided further that any such reduction shall be identical among
all of the Warrants.

3.2. Duration of Warrants. A Warrant may be exercised only
during the period (the Exercise Period) (A) commencing on the date that is thirty (30) days after the first
date on which the Company completes a Business Combination, and terminating on the earliest to occur of: (x) 5:00 p.m., New York City
time on the date that is five (5) years after the date on which the Company completes its initial Business Combination, (y) the liquidation
of the Company, and (z) with respect to a redemption pursuant to Section 6.1 hereof, 5:00 p.m., New York City time on the Redemption
Date (as defined below) as provided in Section 6.2 hereof (the Expiration Date); provided, however,
that the exercise of any Warrant shall be subject to the satisfaction of any applicable conditions, as set forth in subsection 3.3.2
below, with respect to an effective registration statement or a valid exemption therefrom being available. Each outstanding Warrant
not exercised on or before the Expiration Date shall become void, and all rights thereunder and all rights in respect thereof under this
Agreement shall cease at 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the Expiration Date. The Company in its sole discretion may extend the duration
of the Warrants by delaying the Expiration Date; provided, that the Company shall provide at least twenty (20) days prior written notice
of any such extension to Registered Holders of the Warrants and, provided further that any such extension shall be identical in duration
among all the Warrants.

3.3. Exercise of Warrants.

3.3.1. Payment. Subject to the provisions of the Warrant and this Agreement, including without limitation, subsection 3.3.5, a Warrant may be exercised by the Registered Holder thereof by delivering to the Warrant Agent at its corporate trust department (i) the Definitive Warrant Certificate evidencing the Warrants to be exercised, or, in the case of a Book-Entry Warrant Certificate, the Warrants to be exercised (the Book-Entry Warrants) on the records of the Depositary to an account of the Warrant Agent at the Depositary designated for such purposes in writing by the Warrant Agent to the Depositary from time to time, (ii) an election to purchase (Election to Purchase) Class A Shares pursuant to the exercise of a Warrant, properly completed and executed by the Registered Holder on the reverse of the Definitive Warrant Certificate or, in the case of a Book-Entry Warrant Certificate, properly delivered by the Participant in accordance with the Depositarys procedures, and (iii) payment in full of the Warrant Price for each Class A Share as to which the Warrant is exercised and any and all applicable taxes due in connection with the exercise of the Warrant, the exchange of the Warrant for the Class A Shares and the issuance of such Class A Shares, as follows:

(a) in lawful money of the United States, in good bank draft or
good certified check payable to the order of the Warrant Agent or by wire transfer of immediately available funds;

5

(b) in the event of a redemption pursuant to Section 6 hereof in which the Companys board of directors (the Board) has elected to require all holders of the Warrants to exercise such Warrants on a cashless basis, by surrendering the Warrants for that number of Class A Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A Shares underlying the Warrants, multiplied by the excess of the Fair Market Value, as defined in this subsection 3.3.1(b), over the Warrant Price by (y) the Fair Market Value. Solely for purposes of this subsection 3.3.1(b) and Section 6.3, the Fair Market Value shall mean the average reported closing price of the Class A Shares for the ten (10) trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the Warrants, pursuant to Section 6 hereof; or

(c) on a cashless basis as provided in Section 7.4 hereof.

3.3.2. Issuance of Class A Shares on Exercise. As soon as practicable after the exercise of any Warrant and the clearance of the funds in payment of the Warrant Price (if payment is pursuant to subsection 3.3.1(a)), the Company shall issue to the Registered Holder of such Warrant a book-entry position or certificate, as applicable, for the number of Class A Shares to which he, she or it is entitled, registered in such name or names as may be directed by him, her or it, and if such Warrant shall not have been exercised in full, a new book-entry position or countersigned Warrant, as applicable, for the number of Class A Shares as to which such Warrant shall not have been exercised. If fewer than all the Warrants evidenced by a Book-Entry Warrant Certificate are exercised, a notation shall be made to the records maintained by the Depositary, its nominee for each Book-Entry Warrant Certificate, or a Participant, as appropriate, evidencing the balance of the Warrants remaining after such exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be obligated to deliver any Class A Shares pursuant to the exercise of a Warrant and shall have no obligation to settle such Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A Shares underlying the Public Warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Companys satisfying its obligations under Section 7.4 or a valid exemption from registration is available. No Warrant shall be exercisable and the Company shall not be obligated to issue Class A Shares upon exercise of a Warrant unless the Class A Shares issuable upon such Warrant exercise have been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt from registration or qualification under the securities laws of the state of residence of the Registered Holder of the Warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a Warrant, the holder of such Warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such Warrant. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Warrant exercise. The Company may require holders of Public Warrants to settle the Warrant on a cashless basis pursuant to Section 7.4. If, by reason of any exercise of Warrants on a cashless basis, the holder of any Warrant would be entitled, upon the exercise of such Warrant, to receive a fractional interest in a Class A Share, the Company shall round down to the nearest whole number, the number of Class A Shares to be issued to such holder.

6

3.3.3. Valid Issuance. All Class A Shares issued upon the proper exercise of a Warrant in conformity with this Agreement shall be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

3.3.4. Date of Issuance. Each person in whose name any book-entry position or certificate, as applicable, for Class A Shares is issued shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record of such Class A Shares on the date on which the Warrant, or book-entry position representing such Warrant, was surrendered and payment of the Warrant Price was made, irrespective of the date of delivery of such certificate in the case of a certificated Warrant, except that, if the date of such surrender and payment is a date when the share transfer books of the Company or book-entry system of the Warrant Agent are closed, such person shall be deemed to have become the holder of such Class A Shares at the close of business on the next succeeding date on which the share transfer books or book-entry system are open.

3.3.5. Maximum Percentage. A holder of a Warrant may notify the Company in writing in the event it elects to be subject to the provisions contained in this subsection 3.3.5; however, no holder of a Warrant shall be subject to this subsection 3.3.5 unless he, she or it makes such election. If the election is made by a holder, the Warrant Agent shall not effect the exercise of the holders Warrant, and such holder shall not have the right to exercise such Warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such persons affiliates) or any group of which the holder or its affiliate is a member, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9% or 9.8% (or such other amount as a holder may specify)(the Maximum Percentage) of the Class A Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the aggregate number of Class A Shares beneficially owned by such person and its affiliates, or any group of which such person and its affiliates is a member, shall include the number of Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant with respect to which the determination of such sentence is being made, but shall exclude Class A Shares that would be issuable upon (x) exercise of the remaining, unexercised portion of the Warrant beneficially owned by such person and its affiliates, or any group of which any such person or its affiliates is a member, and (y) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company beneficially owned by such person and its affiliates, or any group of which such person or its affiliates is a member (including, without limitation, any convertible notes or convertible preferred shares or warrants) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this paragraph, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the applicable regulations of the Commission. For purposes hereof, group has the meaning set forth in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and applicable regulations of the Commission, and the percentage held by the holder shall be determined in a manner consistent with the provisions of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act. To the extent that a holder makes the election described in this subsection 3.3.5, the Warrant Agent shall not effect the exercise of the holders Warrant, and such holder shall not have the right to exercise such Warrant unless it provides to the Warrant Agent in its Election to Purchase, a certification that, upon after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such persons affiliates) or any group of which such holder or its affiliates is a member, would not beneficially own in excess of the Maximum Percentage of the Class A Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise as determined in accordance with this subsection 3.3.5. For purposes of the Warrant, in determining the number of outstanding Class A Shares, the holder may rely on the number of outstanding Class A Shares as reflected in (1) the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K or other public filing with the Commission as the case may be, (2) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (3) any other notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of Class A Shares outstanding. For any reason at any time, upon the written request of the holder of the Warrant, the Company shall, within two (2) Business Days, confirm orally and in writing to such holder the number of Class A Shares then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding Class A Shares shall be determined after giving effect to the
conversion or exercise of equity securities of the Company by the holder and its affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding Class A Shares was reported. By written notice to the Company, the holder of a Warrant may from time to time increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage applicable to such holder to any other percentage specified in such notice; provided, however, that any such increase shall not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company.

7

4. Adjustments.

4.1. Share Capitalizations.

4.1.1. Sub-division. If after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 4.6 below, the number of outstanding Class A Shares is increased by a share capitalization payable in Class A Shares, or by a sub-division of Class A Shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization, sub-division or similar event, the number of Class A Shares issuable on exercise of each Warrant shall be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding Class A Shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of the Class A Shares entitling holders to purchase Class A Shares at a price less than the Historical Fair Market Value (as defined below) shall be deemed a share capitalization of a number of Class A Shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A Shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A Shares) and (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A Share paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the Historical Fair Market Value. For purposes of this subsection 4.1.1, (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A Shares, in determining the price payable for Class A Shares, there shall be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) Historical Fair Market Value means the volume weighted average price of the Class A Shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A Shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. No Class A Shares shall be issued at less than their par value.

4.1.2. Extraordinary Dividends. If the Company, at any time while the Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, shall pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to all or substantially all of the holders of Class A Shares on account of such Class A Shares (or other shares of the Companys share capital into which the Warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described in subsection 4.1.1 above, (b) Ordinary Cash Dividends (as defined below), (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A Shares in connection with a proposed initial Business Combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A Shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (as amended from time to time, the Charter) (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial business combination or to redeem 100% of the Class A Shares included in the Units sold in the Offering (the Public Shares) if the Company does not complete the Business Combination within the period set forth in the Charter or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to the rights of holders of Class A Shares or pre-initial Business Combination activity or (e) in connection with the redemption of Public Shares upon the failure of the Company to complete its initial Business Combination and any subsequent distribution of its assets upon its liquidation (any such non-excluded event being referred to herein as an Extraordinary Dividend), then the Warrant Price shall be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such Extraordinary Dividend, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value (as determined by the Board, in good faith) of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A Share in respect of such Extraordinary Dividend. For purposes of this subsection 4.1.2, Ordinary Cash Dividends means any cash dividend or cash distribution which, when combined on a per share basis, with the per share amounts of all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A Shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any of the events referred to in other subsections of this Section 4 and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the Warrant Price or to the number of Class A Shares issuable on exercise of each Warrant) does not exceed $0.50 (being 5% of the offering price of the Units in the Offering) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than $0.50. Solely for purposes of illustration, if the Company, at a time while the Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pays a cash dividend of $0.35 and previously paid an aggregate of $0.40 of cash dividends and cash distributions on the Class A Shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such $0.35 dividend, then the Warrant Price will be decreased, effectively immediately after the effective date of such $0.35 dividend, by $0.25 (the absolute value of the difference between $0.75 (the aggregate amount of all cash dividends and cash distributions paid or made in such 365-day period, including such $0.35 dividend) and $0.50 (the greater of (x) $0.50 and (y) the aggregate amount of all cash dividends and cash distributions paid or made in such 365-day period prior to such $0.35 dividend)).

4.2. Aggregation of Shares. If after the date hereof, and
subject to the provisions of Section 4.6 hereof, the number of outstanding Class A Shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination,
reverse share sub-division or reclassification of Class A Shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation,
combination, reverse share sub-division, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A Shares issuable on exercise of each
Warrant shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Class A Shares.

8

4.3. Adjustments in Warrant Price.

4.3.1. Whenever the number of Class A Shares purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants is adjusted, as provided in subsection 4.1.1 or Section 4.2 above, the Warrant Price shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) by multiplying such Warrant Price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which shall be the number of Class A Shares purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which shall be the number of Class A Shares so purchasable immediately thereafter.

4.3.2. If (x) the Company issues additional Class A Shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per Class A Share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Board and, in the case of any such issuance to the initial shareholders (as defined in the Prospectus) or their affiliates, without taking into account any Class B Ordinary Shares (as defined below) held by such shareholders or their affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance (the Newly Issued Price)), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for funding the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A Shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the Business Combination (such price, the Market Value) is below $9.20 per share, the Warrant Price shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described in Section 6.1 below shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.

4.4. Replacement of Securities upon Reorganization, etc.
In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A Shares (other than a change covered by subsections 4.1.1,
4.1.2 or Section 4.2 hereof or that solely affects the par value of such Class A Shares), or in the case of any merger
or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity or conversion of the Company as another entity (other than a consolidation
or merger in which the Company is the continuing corporation and is not a subsidiary of another entity whose shareholders did not own
all or substantially all of the Class A Shares of the Company in substantially the same proportions immediately before such transaction
and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A Shares), or in the case of any sale or
conveyance to another entity of the assets or other property of the Company as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection
with which the Company is dissolved, the holders of the Warrants shall thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis
and upon the terms and conditions specified in the Warrants and in lieu of the Class A Shares of the Company immediately theretofore
purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares or other securities or
property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following
any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the Warrants would have received if such holder had exercised his, her or its Warrant(s)
immediately prior to such event (the Alternative Issuance); provided, however, that (i) if
the holders of the Class A Shares were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other
assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets constituting the Alternative
Issuance for which each Warrant shall become exercisable shall be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per
share by the holders of the Class A Shares in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and (ii) if a tender,
exchange or redemption offer shall have been made to and accepted by the holders of the Class A Shares (other than a tender, exchange
or redemption offer made by the Company in connection with redemption rights held by shareholders of the Company as provided for in the
Charter or as a result of the redemption of Class A Shares by the Company if a proposed initial Business Combination is presented to
the shareholders of the Company for approval) under circumstances in which, upon completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker
thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act (or any successor rule)) of
which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange
Act (or any successor rule)) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within
the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act (or any successor rule)) more than 65% of the voting power of the Companys outstanding
equity securities (including with respect to the election of directors), the holder of a Warrant shall be entitled to receive as the
Alternative Issuance, the weighted average of the amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have
been entitled as a shareholder if such Warrant holder had exercised the Warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer,
accepted such offer and participated in such tender or exchange offer on a pro rata basis with all other holders of Class A Shares, subject
to adjustments (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments
provided for in this Section 4; provided further that if less than 70% of the consideration receivable by the holders of
the Class A Shares in the applicable event is payable in the form of capital stock or shares in the successor entity that is listed for
trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or
quoted immediately following such event, and if the Registered Holder properly exercises the Warrant within thirty (30) days following
the public disclosure of the consummation of such applicable event by the Company pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
the Commission, the Warrant Price shall be reduced by an amount (in dollars) equal to the difference (but in no event less than zero)
of (i) the Warrant Price in effect prior to such reduction minus (ii) (A) the Per Share Consideration (as defined below) minus (B) the
Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined below). The Black-Scholes Warrant Value means the value of a Warrant
immediately prior to the consummation of the applicable event based on the Black-Scholes model as calculated by an accounting, appraisal,
investment banking firm or consultant of nationally recognized standing that is, in the good faith judgment of the Board, qualified to
make such calculation. Per Share Consideration means (i) if the consideration paid to holders of the Class
A Shares consists exclusively of cash, the amount of such cash per Class A Share, and (ii) in all other cases, the volume weighted average
price of the Class A Shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the effective date
of the applicable event. If any reclassification or reorganization also results in a change in Class A Shares covered by subsection
4.1.1, then such adjustment shall be made pursuant to subsection 4.1.1 or Sections 4.2, 4.3 and this Section
4.4. The provisions of this Section 4.4 shall similarly apply to successive reclassifications, reorganizations, mergers or
consolidations, sales or other transfers. In no event will the Warrant Price be reduced to less than the par value per share issuable
upon exercise of the Warrant.

9

4.5. Notices of Changes in Warrant. Upon every adjustment
of the Warrant Price or the number of Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of a Warrant, the Company shall give written notice thereof
to the Warrant Agent, which notice shall state the Warrant Price resulting from such adjustment and the increase or decrease, if any,
in the number of Class A Shares purchasable at such price upon the exercise of a Warrant, setting forth in reasonable detail the method
of calculation and the facts upon which such calculation is based. Upon the occurrence of any event specified in Sections 4.1,
4.2, 4.3 or 4.4, the Company shall give written notice of the occurrence of such event to each holder of a Warrant,
at the last address set forth for such holder in the Warrant Register, of the record date or the effective date of the event. Failure
to give such notice, or any defect therein, shall not affect the legality or validity of such event.

4.6. No Fractional Shares. Notwithstanding any provision
contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not issue fractional Class A Shares upon the exercise of Warrants. If,
by reason of any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 4, the holder of any Warrant would be entitled, upon the exercise of
such Warrant, to receive a fractional interest in a share, the Company shall, upon such exercise, round down to the nearest whole number
the number of Class A Shares to be issued to such holder.

4.7. Form of Warrant. The form of Warrant need not be changed
because of any adjustment pursuant to this Section 4, and Warrants issued after such adjustment may state the same Warrant Price
and the same number of Class A Shares as is stated in the Warrants initially issued pursuant to this Agreement; provided, however,
that the Company may at any time in its sole discretion make any change in the form of Warrant that the Company may deem appropriate
and that does not affect the substance thereof, and any Warrant thereafter issued or countersigned, whether in exchange or substitution
for an outstanding Warrant or otherwise, may be in the form as so changed.

4.8. Other Events. In case any event shall occur affecting
the Company as to which none of the provisions of the preceding subsections of this Section 4 are strictly applicable, but which
would require an adjustment to the terms of the Warrants in order to (i) avoid an adverse impact on the Warrants and (ii) effectuate
the intent and purpose of this Section 4, then, in each such case, the Company shall appoint a firm of independent public accountants,
investment banking or other appraisal firm of recognized national standing, which shall give its opinion as to whether or not any adjustment
to the rights represented by the Warrants is necessary to effectuate the intent and purpose of this Section 4 and, if they determine
that an adjustment is necessary, the terms of such adjustment. The Company shall adjust the terms of the Warrants in a manner that is
consistent with any adjustment recommended in such opinion. For the avoidance of doubt, all adjustments made pursuant to this Section
4.8 shall be made equally to all outstanding Warrants.

10

4.9. No Adjustment. For the avoidance of doubt, no adjustment
shall be made to the terms of the Warrants solely as a result of an adjustment to the conversion ratio of the Companys Class B
ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value per share (the Class B Ordinary Shares) into Class A Shares or the conversion
of any Class B Ordinary Shares into Class A Shares, in each case, pursuant to the Charter.

5. Transfer and Exchange of Warrants.

5.1. Registration of Transfer. The Warrant Agent shall
register the transfer, from time to time, of any outstanding Warrant upon the Warrant Register, upon surrender of such Warrant for transfer,
in the case of a certificated Warrant, properly endorsed with signatures properly guaranteed and accompanied by appropriate instructions
for transfer. Upon any such transfer, a new Warrant representing an equal aggregate number of Warrants shall be issued and the old Warrant
shall be cancelled by the Warrant Agent. In the case of certificated Warrants, the Warrants so cancelled shall be delivered by the Warrant
Agent to the Company from time to time upon request.

5.2. Procedure for Surrender of Warrants. Warrants may
be surrendered to the Warrant Agent, together with a written request for exchange or transfer, and thereupon the Warrant Agent shall
issue in exchange therefor one or more new Warrants as requested by the Registered Holder of the Warrants so surrendered, representing
an equal aggregate number of Warrants; provided, however, that except as otherwise provided herein or in any Book-Entry Warrant
Certificate or Definitive Warrant Certificate, each Book-Entry Warrant Certificate and Definitive Warrant Certificate may be transferred
only in whole and only to the Depositary, to another nominee of the Depositary, to a successor depository, or to a nominee of a successor
depository; provided further, however, that in the event that a Warrant surrendered for transfer bears a restrictive legend (as
in the case of the Private Placement Warrants and the Working Capital Warrants), the Warrant Agent shall not cancel such Warrant and
issue new Warrants in exchange thereof until the Warrant Agent has received an opinion of counsel for the Company stating that such transfer
may be made and indicating whether the new Warrants must also bear a restrictive legend.

5.3. Fractional Warrants. The Warrant Agent shall not be
required to effect any registration of transfer or exchange which shall result in the issuance of a warrant certificate or book-entry
position for a fraction of a warrant, except as part of the Units.

5.4. Service Charges. No service charge shall be made for
any exchange or registration of transfer of Warrants.

5.5. Warrant Execution and Countersignature. The Warrant
Agent is hereby authorized to countersign and to deliver, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Warrants required to be
issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 5, and the Company, whenever required by the Warrant Agent, shall supply the
Warrant Agent with Warrants duly executed on behalf of the Company for such purpose.

11

5.6. Transfer of Warrants. Prior to the Detachment Date,
the Public Warrants may be transferred or exchanged only together with the Unit in which such Warrant is included, and only for the purpose
of effecting, or in conjunction with, a transfer or exchange of such Unit. Furthermore, each transfer of a Unit on the register relating
to such Units shall operate also to transfer the Warrants included in such Unit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this
Section 5.6 shall have no effect on any transfer of Warrants on and after the Detachment Date.

6. Redemption.

6.1. Redemption of Warrants for Cash. All, but not less
than all, of the outstanding Warrants may be redeemed (in whole and not in part), at the option of the Company, at any time during the
Exercise Period, at the office of the Warrant Agent, upon notice to the Registered Holders of the Warrants, as described in Section
6.2 below, at a Redemption Price (as defined below) of $0.01 per Warrant; provided that (a) the Reference Value equals or
exceeds $18.00 per share (subject to adjustment in compliance with Section 4 hereof) and (b) there is an effective registration
statement covering the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, and a current prospectus relating thereto, available throughout
the Measurement Period and the 30-day Redemption Period (each as defined in Section 6.2 below).

6.2. Date Fixed for, and Notice of, Redemption; Redemption
Price; Reference Value. In the event that the Company elects to redeem the Warrants pursuant to Section 6.1, the Company shall
fix a date for the redemption (the Redemption Date). Notice of redemption shall be mailed by first class
mail, postage prepaid, by the Company not less than thirty (30) days prior to the Redemption Date (such period, the Redemption
Period) to the Registered Holders of the Warrants to be redeemed at their last addresses as they shall appear on the registration
books. Any notice mailed in the manner herein provided shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given whether or not the Registered
Holder received such notice. As used in this Agreement, (a) Redemption Price shall mean the price per Warrant
at which any Warrants are redeemed pursuant to Sections 6.1 and (b) Reference Value shall mean the
last reported sales price of the Class A Shares for any twenty (20) trading days within the thirty (30) trading-day period commencing
at least 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination and ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which
notice of the redemption is given (the Measurement Period).

6.3. Exercise After Notice of Redemption. The Warrants
may be exercised, for cash (or on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3 of this Agreement) at any time after
notice of redemption shall have been given by the Company pursuant to Section 6.2 hereof and prior to the Redemption Date. In
the event the Company determines to require all holders of Warrants to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant
to subsection 3.3.1(b), the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of Class A Shares
to be received upon exercise of the Warrants, including the Fair Market Value (as such term is defined in subsection 3.3.1(b)
hereof) in such case. On and after the Redemption Date, the record holder of the Warrants shall have no further rights except to receive,
upon surrender of the Warrants, the Redemption Price.

12

7. Other Provisions Relating to Rights of Holders of Warrants.

7.1. No Rights as Shareholder. A Warrant does not entitle
the Registered Holder thereof to any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right to receive
dividends, or other distributions, exercise any preemptive rights to vote or to consent or to receive notice as shareholders in respect
of the meetings of shareholders or the election of directors of the Company or any other matter.

7.2. Lost, Stolen, Mutilated, or Destroyed Warrants. If
any Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed, the Company and the Warrant Agent may on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise
as they may in their discretion impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof), issue a new
Warrant of like denomination, tenor, and date as the Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed. Any such new Warrant shall constitute
a substitute contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the allegedly lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed Warrant shall
be at any time enforceable by anyone.

7.3. Reservation of Class A Shares. The Company shall at
all times reserve and keep available a number of its authorized but unissued Class A Shares that shall be sufficient to permit the exercise
in full of all outstanding Warrants issued pursuant to this Agreement.

7.4. Registration of Class A Shares; Cashless Exercise at Companys
Option.

7.4.1. Registration of the Class A Shares. The Company agrees that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than twenty (20) Business Days after the closing of its initial Business Combination, it shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the Commission a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement, or a new registration statement registering, under the Securities Act, the issuance of the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such post-effective amendment or registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration or redemption of the Warrants in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. If any such post-effective or registration statement has not been declared effective by the sixtieth (60th) Business Day following the closing of the initial Business Combination, holders of the Warrants shall have the right, during the period beginning on the sixty-first (61st) Business Day after the closing of the initial Business Combination and ending upon such post-effective amendment or registration statement being declared effective by the Commission, and during any other period when the Company shall fail to have maintained an effective registration statement covering the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, to exercise such Warrants on a cashless basis, by exchanging the Warrants (in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act (or any successor rule) or another exemption) for that number of Class A Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A Shares underlying the Warrants, multiplied by the excess of the Fair Market Value (as defined below) over the Warrant Price by (y) the Fair Market Value. Solely for purposes of this subsection 7.4.1, Fair Market Value shall mean the average reported closing price of the Class A Shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the third (3rd) trading day prior to the date that notice of exercise is received by the Warrant Agent from the holder of such Warrants or its securities broker or intermediary. The date that notice of cashless exercise is received by the Warrant Agent shall be conclusively determined by the Warrant Agent. In connection with the cashless exercise of a Public Warrant, the Company shall, upon request, provide the Warrant Agent with an opinion of counsel for the Company (which shall be an outside law firm with securities law experience) stating that (i) the exercise of the Warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with this subsection 7.4.1 is not required to be registered under the Securities Act and (ii) the Class A Shares issued upon such exercise shall be freely tradable under United States federal securities laws by anyone who is not an affiliate (as such term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act (or any successor rule)) of the Company and, accordingly, shall not be required to bear a restrictive legend. Except as provided in subsection 7.4.2, for the avoidance of any doubt, unless and until all of the Warrants have been exercised or have expired, the Company shall continue to be obligated to comply with its registration obligations under the first three sentences of this subsection 7.4.1.

13

7.4.2. Cashless Exercise at Companys Option. If the Class A Shares are at the time of any exercise of a Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act (or any successor rule), the Company may, at its option, require holders of Warrants who exercise their Warrants to exercise such Public Warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act (or any successor rule) as described in subsection 7.4.1 and (i) in the event the Company so elects, the Company shall not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary or (ii) if the Company does not so file or maintain such registration statement, the Company agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify for sale the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants under the applicable blue sky laws of the state of residence of the exercising Public Warrant holder to the extent an exemption is not available.

8. Concerning the Warrant Agent and Other Matters.

8.1. Payment of Taxes. The Company shall from time to time
promptly pay all taxes and charges that may be imposed upon the Company or the Warrant Agent in respect of the issuance or delivery of
Class A Shares upon the exercise of the Warrants, but the Company shall not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes in respect of the
Warrants or such Class A Shares.

8.2. Resignation, Consolidation, or Merger of Warrant Agent.

8.2.1. Appointment of Successor Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent, or any successor to it hereafter appointed, may resign its duties and be discharged from all further duties and liabilities hereunder after giving sixty (60) days notice in writing to the Company. If the office of the Warrant Agent becomes vacant by resignation or incapacity to act or otherwise, the Company shall appoint in writing a successor Warrant Agent in place of the Warrant Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of thirty (30) days after it has been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the Warrant Agent or by the holder of a Warrant (who shall, with such notice, submit his, her or its Warrant for inspection by the Company), then the holder of any Warrant may apply to the Supreme Court of the State of New York for the County of New York for the appointment of a successor Warrant Agent at the Companys cost. Any successor Warrant Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such court, shall be a corporation or other entity organized and existing under the laws of the State of New York, in good standing and having its principal office in the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New York, and authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers and subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority. After appointment, any successor Warrant Agent shall be vested with all the authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations of its predecessor Warrant Agent with like effect as if originally named as Warrant Agent hereunder, without any further act or deed; but if for any reason it becomes necessary or appropriate, the predecessor Warrant Agent shall execute and deliver, at the expense of the Company, an instrument transferring to such successor Warrant Agent all the authority, powers, and rights of such predecessor Warrant Agent hereunder; and upon request of any successor Warrant Agent the Company shall make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver any and all instruments in writing for more fully and effectually vesting in and confirming to such successor Warrant Agent all such authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations.

8.2.2. Notice of Successor Warrant Agent. In the event a successor Warrant Agent shall be appointed, the Company shall give notice thereof to the predecessor Warrant Agent and the Transfer Agent for the Class A Shares not later than the effective date of any such appointment.

8.2.3. Merger or Consolidation of Warrant Agent. Any entity into which the Warrant Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated or any entity resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Warrant Agent shall be a party shall be the successor Warrant Agent under this Agreement without any further act.

14

8.3. Fees and Expenses of Warrant Agent.

8.3.1. Remuneration. The Company agrees to pay the Warrant Agent reasonable remuneration for its services as such Warrant Agent hereunder and shall, pursuant to its obligations under this Agreement, reimburse the Warrant Agent upon demand for all expenditures that the Warrant Agent may reasonably incur in the execution of its duties hereunder.

8.3.2. Further Assurances. The Company agrees to perform, execute, acknowledge, and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged, and delivered all such further and other acts, instruments, and assurances as may reasonably be required by the Warrant Agent for the carrying out or performing of the provisions of this Agreement.

8.4. Liability of Warrant Agent.

8.4.1. Reliance on Company Statement. Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement, the Warrant Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that any fact or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such fact or matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by a statement signed by the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Executive Vice President, Vice President, Secretary or Chairman of the Board of the Company and delivered to the Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent may rely upon such statement for any action taken or suffered in good faith by it pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

8.4.2. Indemnity. The Warrant Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own gross negligence, willful misconduct, fraud or bad faith. The Company agrees to indemnify the Warrant Agent and save it harmless against any and all liabilities, including judgments, out of pocket costs and reasonable outside counsel fees, for anything done or omitted by the Warrant Agent in the execution of this Agreement, except as a result of the Warrant Agents gross negligence, willful misconduct, fraud or bad faith.

8.4.3. Exclusions. The Warrant Agent shall have no responsibility with respect to the validity of this Agreement or with respect to the validity or execution of any Warrant (except its countersignature thereof). The Warrant Agent shall not be responsible for any breach by the Company of any covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Warrant. The Warrant Agent shall not be responsible to make any adjustments required under the provisions of Section 4 hereof or responsible for the manner, method, or amount of any such adjustment or the ascertaining of the existence of facts that would require any such adjustment; nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to the authorization or reservation of any Class A Shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Warrant or as to whether any Class A Shares shall, when issued, be valid and fully paid and non-assessable.

8.5. Acceptance of Agency. The Warrant Agent hereby accepts
the agency established by this Agreement and agrees to perform the same upon the terms and conditions herein set forth and among other
things, shall account promptly to the Company with respect to Warrants exercised and concurrently account for, and pay to the Company,
all monies received by the Warrant Agent for the purchase of Class A Shares through the exercise of the Warrants.

15

8.6. Waiver. The Warrant Agent has no right of set-off
or any other right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim) in, or to any distribution of, the Trust
Account (as defined in that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Company and
the Warrant Agent as trustee thereunder) and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim
against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. The Warrant Agent hereby irrevocably waives any and all Claims against the Trust
Account, including any monies therein or any distribution therefrom, and any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account.

9. Miscellaneous Provisions.

9.1. Successors. All the covenants and provisions of this
Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Warrant Agent shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors
and assigns.

9.2. Notices. Any notice, statement or demand authorized
by this Agreement to be given or made by the Warrant Agent or by the holder of any Warrant to or on the Company shall be sufficiently
given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within five (5) days
after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Company with the Warrant Agent),
as follows:

Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V

4921 William Arnold Road

Memphis, TN 38117

Attention: Richard J. Hendrix, Chief Executive Officer

Any notice, statement or demand authorized by
this Agreement to be given or made by the holder of any Warrant or by the Company to or on the Warrant Agent shall be sufficiently given
when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within five (5) days after
deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Warrant Agent with the Company),
as follows:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attention: Compliance Department

in each case, with copies to:

Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP

450 Lexington Avenue

New York, NY 10017

Attn: Derek Dostal, Esq.

Telephone: (212) 450-4322

Santander US Capital Markets LLC

437 Madison Ave

New York, New York 10022

16

and

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP

1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor

New York, New York 10105

Attn: Stuart Neuhauser. Esq.

Email: sneuhauser@egsllp.com

9.3. Applicable Law and Exclusive Forum. The validity,
interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and of the Warrants shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of New
York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction.
The Company hereby agrees that any action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement, including
under the Securities Act, shall be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for
any such action, proceeding or claim. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent
an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this paragraph will not apply to suits brought to enforce any
liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America
are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in the Warrants shall be deemed
to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in this Section 9.3. If any action, the subject matter of which
is within the scope the forum provisions above, is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of New York or the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action) in the name of any warrant
holder, such warrant holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located
within the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in connection with any action
brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action), and (y) having service
of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holders counsel in the foreign
action as agent for such warrant holder.

9.4. Persons Having Rights under this Agreement. Nothing
in this Agreement shall be construed to confer upon, or give to, any person, corporation or other entity other than the parties hereto
and the Registered Holders of the Warrants any right, remedy, or claim under or by reason of this Agreement or of any covenant, condition,
stipulation, promise, or agreement hereof. All covenants, conditions, stipulations, promises, and agreements contained in this Agreement
shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and their successors and assigns and of the Registered Holders of the
Warrants.

9.5. Examination of the Warrant Agreement. A copy of this
Agreement shall be available at all reasonable times at the office of the Warrant Agent in the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of
New York, for inspection by the Registered Holder of any Warrant. The Warrant Agent may require any such holder to submit such holders
Warrant for inspection by the Warrant Agent.

9.6. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any
number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all
such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

17

9.7. Effect of Headings. The section headings herein are
for convenience only and are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the interpretation thereof.

9.8. Amendments. This Agreement may be amended by the parties
hereto without the consent of any Registered Holder (i) for the purpose of (x) curing any ambiguity or to correct any defective provision
contained herein, including to conform the provisions hereof to the description of the terms of the Warrants and this Agreement set forth
in the Prospectus, (y) adjusting the definition of Ordinary Cash Dividend as contemplated by and in accordance with the
second sentence of subsection 4.1.2 or (z) adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising
under this Agreement as the parties may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem shall not adversely affect the interest
of the Registered Holders, and (ii) to provide for the delivery of an Alternative Issuance pursuant to Section 4.4. All other
modifications or amendments, including any modification or amendment to increase the Warrant Price or shorten the Exercise Period shall
require the vote or written consent of the Registered Holders of 50% of the number of the then outstanding Public Warrants and, solely
with respect to any amendment to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants or Working Capital Warrants or any provision of this Agreement
with respect to the Private Placement Warrants, or Working Capital Warrants (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the forfeiture or
cancellation of any Private Placement Warrants or Working Capital Warrants), 50% of the number of then outstanding Private Placement
Warrants and Working Capital Warrants. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may lower the Warrant Price or extend the duration
of the Exercise Period pursuant to Sections 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, without the consent of the Registered Holders.

9.9. Severability. This Agreement shall be deemed severable,
and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement
or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto
intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision
as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

[Signature Page Follows]

18

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V

By: /s/ Richard Hendrix

Name: Richard Hendrix

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, as Warrant Agent

By: /s/ Steven Vacante

Name: Steven Vacante

Title: Vice President

19

EXHIBIT A

PRIVATE PLACEMENT WARRANTS LEGEND

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE
HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE. IN ADDITION, SUBJECT TO ANY ADDITIONAL LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFER DESCRIBED IN THE AGREEMENTS BY
AND AMONG LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. V (THE COMPANY), LIVE OAK SPONSOR V, LLC AND THE OTHER SIGNATORIES THERETO, THE SECURITIES
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THIRTY (30) DAYS AFTER THE DATE UPON WHICH THE
COMPANY COMPLETES ITS INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3 OF THE WARRANT AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) EXCEPT TO A PERMITTED
TRANSFEREE WHO AGREES IN WRITING WITH THE COMPANY TO BE SUBJECT TO SUCH TRANSFER PROVISIONS.

SECURITIES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE AND ORDINARY
SHARES OF THE COMPANY ISSUED UPON EXERCISE OF SUCH SECURITIES SHALL BE ENTITLED TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS UNDER A REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
TO BE EXECUTED BY THE COMPANY.

20

EXHIBIT B

[Form of Warrant Certificate]

[FACE]

Number

Warrants

THIS WARRANT SHALL BE VOID IF NOT EXERCISED
PRIOR TO

THE EXPIRATION OF THE EXERCISE PERIOD PROVIDED FOR IN THE

WARRANT AGREEMENT DESCRIBED BELOW

LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. V

Incorporated Under the Laws of the Cayman Islands

CUSIP

Warrant Certificate

This Warrant Certificate certifies that ,
or registered assigns, is the registered holder of warrants evidenced hereby (the Warrants and each, a Warrant)
to purchase Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value per share (the Ordinary Shares), of Live Oak Acquisition Corp.
V, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company). Each whole Warrant entitles the holder, upon exercise during
the period set forth in the Warrant Agreement referred to below, to receive from the Company that number of fully paid and non-assessable
Ordinary Shares as set forth below, at the exercise price (the Warrant Price) as determined pursuant to the Warrant
Agreement, payable in lawful money (or through cashless exercise as provided for in the Warrant Agreement) of the United
States of America upon surrender of this Warrant Certificate and payment of the Warrant Price at the office or agency of the Warrant Agent
referred to below, subject to the conditions set forth herein and in the Warrant Agreement. Defined terms used in this Warrant Certificate
but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Warrant Agreement.

Each whole Warrant is initially exercisable for
one fully paid and non-assessable Ordinary Share. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of any Warrant. If, upon the exercise
of Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in an Ordinary Share, the Company will, upon exercise, round
down to the nearest whole number the number of Ordinary Shares to be issued to the Warrant holder. The number of Ordinary Shares issuable
upon exercise of the Warrants is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events set forth in the Warrant Agreement.

The initial Warrant Price per Ordinary Share for
any Warrant is equal to $11.50 per share. The Warrant Price is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events set forth in
the Warrant Agreement.

Subject to the conditions set forth in the Warrant
Agreement, the Warrants may be exercised only during the Exercise Period and to the extent not exercised by the end of such Exercise Period,
such Warrants shall become void. The Warrants may be redeemed, subject to certain conditions, as set forth in the Warrant Agreement. In
addition, and notwithstanding anything else in this Warrant Certificate or the Warrant Agreement, to the extent that the holder of a Warrant
has delivered a notice contemplated by subsection 3.3.5 of the Warrant Agreement, neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall
issue to Holder, and Holder may not acquire, any right it might have to acquire, a number of Ordinary Shares upon exercise of any Warrant
to the extent that, upon such exercise, the number of Ordinary Shares then beneficially owned by Holder would exceed the Maximum Percentage
of Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise as determined in accordance with subsection 3.3.5.
of the Warrant Agreement.

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions
of this Warrant Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof and such further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as
though fully set forth at this place.

This Warrant Certificate shall not be valid unless
countersigned by the Warrant Agent, as such term is used in the Warrant Agreement.

This Warrant Certificate shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York.

21

LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. V

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY as Warrant Agent

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

22

[Form of Warrant Certificate]

[Reverse]

The Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate
are part of a duly authorized issue of Warrants entitling the holder on exercise to receive Ordinary Shares and are issued or to be issued
pursuant to a Warrant Agreement dated as of ____, 2025 (the Warrant Agreement), duly executed and delivered by the
Company to Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York corporation, as warrant agent (the Warrant Agent),
which Warrant Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference in and made a part of this instrument and is hereby referred to for a description
of the rights, limitation of rights, obligations, duties and immunities thereunder of the Warrant Agent, the Company and the holders (the
words holders or holder meaning the Registered Holders or Registered Holder, respectively) of
the Warrants. A copy of the Warrant Agreement may be obtained by the holder hereof upon written request to the Company. Defined terms
used in this Warrant Certificate but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Warrant Agreement.

Warrants may be exercised at any time during the
Exercise Period set forth in the Warrant Agreement. The holder of Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate may exercise them by
surrendering this Warrant Certificate, with the form of election to purchase set forth hereon properly completed and executed, together
with payment of the Warrant Price as specified in the Warrant Agreement (or through cashless exercise as provided for in
the Warrant Agreement) at the principal corporate trust office of the Warrant Agent. In the event that upon any exercise of Warrants evidenced
hereby the number of Warrants exercised shall be less than the total number of Warrants evidenced hereby, there shall be issued to the
holder hereof or his, her or its assignee, a new Warrant Certificate evidencing the number of Warrants not exercised.

Notwithstanding anything else in this Warrant
Certificate or the Warrant Agreement, no Warrant may be exercised unless at the time of exercise (i) a registration statement covering
the Ordinary Shares to be issued upon exercise is effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and (ii) a prospectus thereunder
relating to the Ordinary Shares is current, except through cashless exercise as provided for in the Warrant Agreement.

The Warrant Agreement provides that upon the occurrence
of certain events the number of Ordinary Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants set forth on the face hereof may, subject to
certain conditions, be adjusted. If, upon exercise of a Warrant, the holder thereof would be entitled to receive a fractional interest
in an Ordinary Share, the Company shall, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of Ordinary Shares to be issued to the
holder of the Warrant.

Warrant Certificates, when surrendered at the
principal corporate trust office of the Warrant Agent by the Registered Holder thereof in person or by legal representative or attorney
duly authorized in writing, may be exchanged, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the Warrant Agreement, but without
payment of any service charge, for another Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates of like tenor evidencing in the aggregate a like
number of Warrants.

Upon due presentation for registration of transfer
of this Warrant Certificate at the office of the Warrant Agent, a new Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates of like tenor and evidencing
in the aggregate a like number of Warrants shall be issued to the transferee(s) in exchange for this Warrant Certificate, subject to the
limitations provided in the Warrant Agreement, without charge except for any tax or other governmental charge imposed in connection therewith.

The Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and
treat the Registered Holder(s) hereof as the absolute owner(s) of this Warrant Certificate (notwithstanding any notation of ownership
or other writing hereon made by anyone), for the purpose of any exercise hereof, of any distribution to the holder(s) hereof, and for
all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. Neither the Warrants
nor this Warrant Certificate entitles any holder hereof to any rights of a shareholder of the Company.

23

Election to Purchase

(To Be Executed Upon Exercise of Warrant)

The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise
the right, represented by this Warrant Certificate, to receive Ordinary Shares and herewith tenders payment for such Ordinary Shares to
the order of Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V (the Company) in the amount of $_____ in accordance with the terms hereof.
The undersigned requests that a certificate for such Ordinary Shares be registered in the name of , whose address is , and that such Ordinary
Shares be delivered to , whose address is . If said number of Ordinary Shares is less than all of the Ordinary Shares purchasable hereunder,
the undersigned requests that a new Warrant Certificate representing the remaining balance of such Ordinary Shares be registered in the
name of , ______ whose address is _______and that such Warrant Certificate be delivered to ______ , whose address is ________.

In the event
that the Warrant has been called for redemption by the Company pursuant to Section 6.1 of the Warrant Agreement and the Company
has required "cashless" exercise pursuant to Section 6.3 and Section 3.3.1(b) of the Warrant Agreement, the number
of Ordinary Shares that this Warrant is exercisable for shall be determined in accordance with Section 6.3 and Section 3.3.1(b)
of the Warrant Agreement.

In the event that the Warrant is to be exercised
on a cashless basis pursuant to Section 7.4 of the Warrant Agreement, the number of Ordinary Shares that this Warrant
is exercisable for shall be determined in accordance with Section 7.4 of the Warrant Agreement.

In the event that the Warrant may be exercised,
to the extent allowed by the Warrant Agreement, through cashless exercise (i) the number of Ordinary Shares that this Warrant is exercisable
for would be determined in accordance with the relevant section of the Warrant Agreement which allows for such cashless exercise and (ii)
the holder hereof shall complete the following: The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the right, represented by this Warrant
Certificate, through the cashless exercise provisions of the Warrant Agreement, to receive Ordinary Shares. If said number of Ordinary
Shares is less than all of the Ordinary Shares purchasable hereunder (after giving effect to the cashless exercise), the undersigned requests
that a new Warrant Certificate representing the remaining balance of such Ordinary Shares be registered in the name of , whose address
is and that such Warrant Certificate be delivered to , whose address is.

[To be included in any Election to Purchase of
a holder who has provided the notice set forth in subsection 3.3.5 of the Warrant Agreement.

By signing this Election
to Purchase, the undersigned hereby certifies that upon after giving effect to such exercise, the undersigned (together with such persons
affiliates) or any group of which holder or its affiliates is a member, would not beneficially own in excess of the Maximum
Percentage of the Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise as determined in accordance with subsection
3.3.5. of the Warrant Agreement.]

[Signature Page Follows]

24

Date: 

(Signature)

(Address)

(Tax Identification Number)

Signature Guaranteed: 

THE SIGNATURE(S) SHOULD BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE
GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE
MEDALLION PROGRAM, PURSUANT TO SEC RULE 17Ad-15 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED (OR ANY SUCCESSOR RULE)).

25
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea023270601ex10-1_liveoak5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT, FEBRUARY 27, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, AS TRUSTEE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT 

This Investment Management
Trust Agreement (this Agreement) is made effective as of February 27, 2025 by and between Live Oak Acquisition
Corp. V, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company,
a New York corporation (the Trustee).

WHEREAS, the Companys
registration statement on Form S-1, (File No. 333-284207) (the Registration Statement) and prospectus (the
Prospectus) for the initial public offering of the Companys units (the Units),
each of which consists of one of the Companys Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares),
and one-half of one redeemable warrant, each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Ordinary Share (such initial public
offering hereinafter referred to as the Offering), has been declared effective as of the date hereof by the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission;

WHEREAS, the Company has
entered into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with Santander US Capital Markets LLC
as representative (the Representative) of the underwriters (the Underwriters)
named therein;

WHEREAS, as described in
the Registration Statement, $201,000,000 of the gross proceeds of the Offering and sale of the Private Placement Warrants (as defined
in the Underwriting Agreement) (or $231,150,000 if the Underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be delivered
to the Trustee to be deposited and held in a segregated trust account located at all times in the United States (the Trust
Account) for the benefit of the Company and the holders of the Ordinary Shares included in the Units issued in the Offering
as hereinafter provided (the amount to be delivered to the Trustee (and any interest subsequently earned thereon) is referred to herein
as the Property, the shareholders for whose benefit the Trustee shall hold the Property will be referred to
as the Public Shareholders, and the Public Shareholders and the Company will be referred to together as the
Beneficiaries);

WHEREAS, pursuant to the
Underwriting Agreement, a portion of the Property equal to $6,000,000, or $6,900,000 if the Underwriters over-allotment option
is exercised in full, is attributable to deferred underwriting discounts and commissions that will be payable by the Company to the Underwriters
upon the consummation of the Business Combination (as defined below) (such discounts and commissions, the Deferred Discount);
and

WHEREAS, the Company and
the Trustee desire to enter into this Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which the Trustee shall hold the Property.

NOW THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:

1. Agreements and Covenants
of Trustee. The Trustee hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Hold the Property in
trust for the Beneficiaries in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in the Trust Account established by the Trustee in the United
States at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (or at another U.S. chartered commercial bank with consolidated assets of $100 billion or more)
and at a brokerage institution selected by the Trustee that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company;

(b) Manage, supervise and
administer the Trust Account subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein;

(c) Promptly upon receipt
of written instruction of the Company, (i) invest and reinvest the Property, initially solely in United States government securities within
the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money
market funds meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended (or any successor rule), which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, or (ii) deposit the
Property into an interest or non-interest bearing bank deposit account at a U.S. chartered commercial bank with consolidated assets of
$100 billion or more selected by the Trustee that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company; it being understood that the Trust Account
will earn no interest while account funds are uninvested awaiting the Companys instructions hereunder and, while the account funds
are invested or uninvested, the Trustee may earn bank credits or other consideration during such periods;

(d) Collect and receive,
when due, all interest or other income arising from the Property, which shall become part of the Property,
as such term is used herein;

(e) Promptly notify the Company
and the Representative of all communications received by the Trustee with respect to any Property requiring action by the Company;

(f) Supply any necessary
information or documents as may be requested by the Company (or its authorized agents) in connection with the Companys preparation
of the tax returns relating to assets held in the Trust Account or in connection with the preparation of the Companys financial
statements or completion of the audit of the Companys financial statements by the Companys auditors;

(g) Participate in any plan
or proceeding for protecting or enforcing any right or interest arising from the Property if, as and when instructed by the Company to
do so;

(h) Render to the Company
monthly written statements of the activities of, and amounts in, the Trust Account reflecting all receipts and disbursements of the Trust
Account;

(i) Commence liquidation
of the Trust Account only after and promptly after (x) receipt of, and only in accordance with, the terms of a letter from the Company
(Termination Letter) in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as either Exhibit A or
Exhibit B, as applicable, signed on behalf of the Company by its Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary
or Chairman of the board of directors of the Company (the Board) or other authorized officer of the Company,
and complete the liquidation of the Trust Account and distribute the Property in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds
held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes paid or owed and, in the case of Exhibit B, less up to $100,000
of interest income to pay liquidation and dissolution expenses), only as directed in the Termination Letter and the other documents referred
to therein, or (y) upon the date which is the later of (1) 21 months after the closing of the Offering (or 24 months from the closing
of the Offering if the Company has executed a definitive agreement for an initial Business Combination within 21 months from the closing
of the Offering, or such earlier date as the Companys board of directors may approve); and (2) such later date as may be approved
by the Companys shareholders in accordance with the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
as may be amended from time to time (the Memorandum and Articles), if a Termination Letter has not been received
by the Trustee prior to such date, in which case the Trust Account shall be liquidated in accordance with the procedures set forth in
the Termination Letter attached as Exhibit B and the Property in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held
in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes paid or owed and up to $100,000 of interest income to pay liquidation and dissolution
expenses), shall be distributed to the Public Shareholders of record as of such date;

(j) Upon written request
from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit C (a
Tax Payment Withdrawal Instruction), withdraw from the Trust Account and distribute to the Company the amount
of interest earned on the Property requested by the Company to cover any income tax obligation owed by the Company, which amount shall
be delivered directly to the Company by electronic funds transfer or other method of prompt payment, and the Company shall forward such
payment to the relevant taxing authority, so long as there is no reduction in the principal amount per share initially deposited in the
Trust Account; provided, however, that to the extent there is not sufficient cash in the Trust Account to pay such tax obligation,
the Trustee shall liquidate such assets held in the Trust Account as shall be designated by the Company in writing to make such distribution
(it being acknowledged and agreed that any such amount in excess of interest income earned on the Property shall not be payable from the
Trust Account). The written request of the Company referenced above shall constitute presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled
to said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to look beyond said request;

(k) Upon written request
from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit D (a
Shareholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction), the Trustee shall distribute on behalf of the Company the
amount requested by the Company to be used to redeem Ordinary Shares from Public Shareholders properly submitted in connection with a
shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Memorandum and Articles (A) that would affect the substance or timing of the Companys
obligation to redeem one hundred percent (100%) of its public Ordinary Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination
within such time as is described in the Memorandum and Articles or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders
of Ordinary Shares or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The written request of the Company referenced above shall constitute
presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled to distribute said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to look beyond
said request; and

2

(l) Not make any withdrawals
or distributions from the Trust Account other than pursuant to Sections 1(i), 1(j), or 1(k) above.

2. Agreements and Covenants
of the Company. The Company hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Give all instructions
to the Trustee hereunder in writing, signed by the Companys Chairperson of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial Officer or Secretary. In addition, except with respect to its duties under Sections 1(i), 1(j), and 1(k) hereof, the
Trustee shall be entitled to rely on, and shall be protected in relying on, any verbal or telephonic advice or instruction which it, in
good faith and with reasonable care, believes to be given by any one of the persons authorized above to give written instructions, provided
that the Company shall promptly confirm such instructions in writing;

(b) Subject to Section
4 hereof, hold the Trustee harmless and indemnify the Trustee from and against any and all expenses, including reasonable counsel
fees and disbursements, or losses suffered by the Trustee in connection with any action taken by it hereunder and in connection with any
action, suit or other proceeding brought against the Trustee involving any claim, or in connection with any claim or demand, which in
any way arises out of or relates to this Agreement, the services of the Trustee hereunder, or the Property or any interest earned on the
Property, except for expenses and losses resulting from the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. Promptly after
the receipt by the Trustee of notice of demand or claim or the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, pursuant to which the Trustee
intends to seek indemnification under this Section 2(b), it shall notify the Company in writing of such claim (hereinafter referred
to as the Indemnified Claim). The Trustee shall have the right to conduct and manage the defense against such
Indemnified Claim; provided that the Trustee shall obtain the consent of the Company with respect to the selection of counsel,
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Trustee may not agree to settle any Indemnified Claim without the prior written
consent of the Company, which such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed; provided, further that the Company
may conduct and manage the defense against any Indemnified Claim if the Trustee does not promptly take reasonable steps to mount such
a defense. The Company may participate in such action with its own counsel;

(c) Pay the Trustee the fees
set forth on Schedule A hereto, including an initial acceptance fee, annual administration fee and transaction processing fee which
fees shall be subject to modification by the parties from time to time. It is expressly understood that the Property shall not be used
to pay such fees unless and until it is distributed to the Company pursuant to Sections 1(i) through 1(k) hereof. The Company
shall pay the Trustee the initial acceptance fee and the first annual administration fee at the consummation of the Offering. The Company
shall not be responsible for any other fees or charges of the Trustee except as set forth in this Section 2(c), Schedule A
and as may be provided in Section 2(b) hereof;

(d) In connection with any
vote of the Companys shareholders regarding a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses or entities (the Business Combination),
provide to the Trustee an affidavit or certificate of the inspector of elections for the general meeting verifying the vote of such shareholders
regarding such Business Combination;

(e) Provide the Representative
with a copy of any Termination Letter(s) and/or any other correspondence that is sent to the Trustee with respect to any proposed withdrawal
from the Trust Account promptly after it issues the same;

(f) Unless otherwise agreed
between the Company and the Representative, ensure that any Instruction Letter (as defined in Exhibit A) delivered in connection
with a Termination Letter in the form of Exhibit A expressly provides that the Deferred Discount is paid directly to the account
or accounts directed by the Representative on behalf of the Underwriters prior to any transfer of funds held in the Trust Account to the
Company or any other person;

(g) Instruct the Trustee
to make only those distributions that are permitted under this Agreement, and refrain from instructing the Trustee to make any distributions
that are not permitted under this Agreement; and

(h) Within four (4) business
days after the Underwriters exercise the over-allotment option (or any unexercised portion thereof) or such over-allotment option expires,
provide the Trustee with a notice in writing of the total amount of the Deferred Discount, which shall in no event be less than up to
$6,000,000 (subject to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement).

3

3. Limitations of Liability.
The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability to:

(a) Imply obligations, perform
duties, inquire or otherwise be subject to the provisions of any agreement or document other than this Agreement and that which is expressly
set forth herein;

(b) Take any action with
respect to the Property, other than as directed in Section 1 hereof, and the Trustee shall have no liability to any third party
except for liability arising out of the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct;

(c) Institute any proceeding
for the collection of any principal and income arising from, or institute, appear in or defend any proceeding of any kind with respect
to, any of the Property unless and until it shall have received instructions from the Company given as provided herein to do so and the
Company shall have advanced or guaranteed to it funds sufficient to pay any expenses incident thereto;

(d) Refund any depreciation
in principal of any Property;

(e) Assume that the authority
of any person designated by the Company to give instructions hereunder shall not be continuing unless provided otherwise in such designation,
or unless the Company shall have delivered a written revocation of such authority to the Trustee;

(f) The other parties hereto
or to anyone else for any action taken or omitted by it, or any action suffered by it to be taken or omitted, in good faith and in the
Trustees best judgment, except for the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. The Trustee may rely conclusively
and shall be protected in acting upon any order, notice, demand, certificate, opinion or advice of counsel (including counsel chosen by
the Trustee, which counsel may be the Companys counsel), statement, instrument, report or other paper or document (not only as
to its due execution and the validity and effectiveness of its provisions, but also as to the truth and acceptability of any information
therein contained) which the Trustee believes, in good faith and with reasonable care, to be genuine and to be signed or presented by
the proper person or persons. The Trustee shall not be bound by any notice or demand, or any waiver, modification, termination or rescission
of this Agreement or any of the terms hereof, unless evidenced by a written instrument delivered to the Trustee, signed by the proper
party or parties and, if the duties or rights of the Trustee are affected, unless it shall give its prior written consent thereto;

(g) Verify the accuracy of
the information contained in the Registration Statement;

(h) Provide any assurance
that any Business Combination entered into by the Company or any other action taken by the Company is as contemplated by the Registration
Statement;

(i) File information returns
with respect to the Trust Account with any local, state or federal taxing authority or provide periodic written statements to the Company
documenting the taxes payable by the Company, if any, relating to any interest income earned on the Property;

(j) Prepare, execute and
file tax reports, income or other tax returns and pay any taxes with respect to any income generated by, and activities relating to, the
Trust Account, regardless of whether such tax is payable by the Trust Account or the Company, including, but not limited to, tax obligations,
except pursuant to Section 1(j) hereof; or

(k) Verify calculations,
qualify or otherwise approve the Companys written requests for distributions pursuant to Sections 1(i), 1(j), or 1(k)
hereof.

4. Trust Account Waiver.
The Trustee has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim) to, or to any
monies in, the Trust Account, and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account that it may have now
or in the future. In the event the Trustee has any Claim against the Company under this Agreement, including, without limitation, under
Section 2(b) or Section 2(c) hereof, the Trustee shall pursue such Claim solely against the Company and its assets outside
the Trust Account and not against the Property or any monies in the Trust Account.

5. Termination.
This Agreement shall terminate as follows:

(a) If the Trustee gives
written notice to the Company that it desires to resign under this Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable efforts to locate a
successor trustee, pending which the Trustee shall continue to act in accordance with this Agreement. At such time that the Company notifies
the Trustee that a successor trustee has been appointed and has agreed to become subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Trustee shall
transfer the management of the Trust Account to the successor trustee, including but not limited to the transfer of copies of the reports
and statements relating to the Trust Account, whereupon this Agreement shall terminate; provided, however, that in the event
that the Company does not locate a successor trustee within ninety (90) days of receipt of the resignation notice from the Trustee, the
Trustee may submit an application to have the Property deposited with any court in the State of New York or with the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York and upon such deposit, the Trustee shall be immune from any liability whatsoever; or

4

(b) At such time that the
Trustee has completed the liquidation of the Trust Account and its obligations in accordance with the provisions of Section 1(i)
hereof and distributed the Property in accordance with the provisions of the Termination Letter, this Agreement shall terminate except
with respect to Section 2(b).

(c) If the Offering is not
consummated within ten (10) business days of the date of this Agreement, any funds received by the Trustee from the Company or Sponsor
for purposes of funding the Trust Account shall be promptly returned to the Company or Sponsor, as applicable.

6. Miscellaneous.

(a) The Company and the Trustee
each acknowledge that the Trustee will follow the security procedures set forth below with respect to funds transferred from the Trust
Account. The Company and the Trustee will each restrict access to confidential information relating to such security procedures to authorized
persons. Each party must notify the other party immediately if it has reason to believe unauthorized persons may have obtained access
to such confidential information, or of any change in its authorized personnel. In executing funds transfers, the Trustee shall rely upon
all information supplied to it by the Company, including, account names, account numbers and all other identifying information relating
to a Beneficiary, Beneficiarys bank or intermediary bank. Except for any liability arising out of the Trustees gross negligence,
fraud or willful misconduct, the Trustee shall not be liable for any loss, liability or expense resulting from any error in the information
or transmission of the funds.

(b) This Agreement shall
be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of
law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. This Agreement may be executed in
several original or facsimile counterparts, each one of which shall constitute an original, and together shall constitute but one instrument.

(c) This Agreement contains
the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Except for Sections 1(i),
1(j), or 1(k) hereof (which sections may not be modified, amended or deleted without the affirmative vote of sixty-six percent
(66%) of the then outstanding Ordinary Shares and Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company, voting together
as a single class; provided that no such amendment will affect any Public Shareholder who has properly elected to redeem his, her
or its Ordinary Shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to this Agreement (A) that would affect the substance
or timing of the Companys obligation to redeem one hundred percent (100%) of its public Ordinary Shares if the Company does not
complete its initial Business Combination within the time frame specified in the Memorandum and Articles or (B) with respect to any other
provision relating to the rights of holders of Ordinary Shares or pre-initial Business Combination activity), this Agreement or any provision
hereof may only be changed, amended or modified (other than to correct a typographical error) by a writing signed by each of the parties
hereto.

(d) The parties hereto consent
to the jurisdiction and venue of any state or federal court located in the City of New York, State of New York, for purposes of resolving
any disputes hereunder. AS TO ANY CLAIM, CROSS-CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY WAIVES THE RIGHT
TO TRIAL BY JURY.

(e) Any notice, consent or
request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by express
mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or by facsimile or email transmission:

if to the Trustee, to:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Email: fwolf@continentalstock.com

Email: cgonzalez@continentalstock.com

5

if to the Company, to:

Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V

4921 William Arnold Road

Memphis, TN 38117

Telephone: (901)270-3107

Attn: Richard Hendrix

Email: rhendrix@liveoakmp.com

in each case, with copies
to:

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP

1345 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10105

(212) 370-1300

Attn: Stuart Neuhauser, Esq.
and

Santander US Capital Markets LLC

437 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10022Attn: Ryan Kelley

(f) Each of the Company and
the Trustee hereby represents that it has the full right and power and has been duly authorized to enter into this Agreement and to perform
its respective obligations as contemplated hereunder. The Trustee acknowledges and agrees that it shall not make any claims or proceed
against the Trust Account, including by way of set-off, and shall not be entitled to any funds in the Trust Account under any circumstance.

(g) This Agreement is the
joint product of the Trustee and the Company and each provision hereof has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement
of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto.

(h) Each of the Company and
the Trustee hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Representative, on behalf of the Underwriters, is a third-party beneficiary of this
Agreement.

(i) Except as specified herein,
no party to this Agreement may assign its rights or delegate its obligations hereunder to any other person or entity without the prior
written consent of the other.

[Signature Page Follows]

6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties have duly executed this Investment Management Trust Agreement as of the date first written above.

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Trustee

By: /s/ Francis Wolf 

Name: Francis Wolf 

Title: Vice President 

Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V 

By: /s/ Richard Hendrix 

Name: Richard Hendrix 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Signature
Page to

Investment
Management Trust Agreement

7

SCHEDULE A 

Fee Item Time and method of payment Amount 

Initial set-up fee Initial closing of Offering by wire transfer. $ 3,500.00 

Trustee administration fee Payable annually. First year fee payable at initial closing of Offering by wire transfer; thereafter, payable by wire transfer or check. $ 10,000.00 

Transaction processing fee for disbursements to Company under Sections 1(i), 1(j) and 1(k) Billed to Company following disbursement made to Company under Section 1. $ 250.00 

Paying Agent services as required pursuant to Sections 1(i) and 1(k) Billed to Company upon delivery of service pursuant to Sections 1(i) and1(k). Prevailing rates 

Schedule A

Exhibit A 

[Letterhead of Company] 

[Insert date] 

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust AccountTermination Letter

Dear Mr. Wolf & Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(i)
of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V (the Company) and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of ___, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
this is to advise you that the Company has entered into an agreement with [] (the Target Business)
to consummate a business combination with Target Business (the Business Combination) on or about [insert date].
The Company shall notify you at least seventy-two (72) hours in advance of the actual date of the consummation of the Business Combination
(the Consummation Date). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in
the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms
of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to commence to liquidate all of the assets of the Trust Account and to transfer the proceeds
into the trust operating account in the United States at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. to the effect that, on the Consummation Date, all
of the funds held in the Trust Account will be immediately available for transfer to the account or accounts that the Company shall direct
on the Consummation Date (including as directed to it by the Representative on behalf of the Underwriters with respect to the Deferred
Discount). It is acknowledged and agreed that while the funds are on deposit in the trust operating account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank,
N.A. awaiting distribution, the Company will not earn any interest or dividends.

On the Consummation Date
(i) counsel for the Company shall deliver to you written notification that the Business Combination has been consummated, or will be consummated
concurrently with your transfer of funds to the accounts as directed by the Company (the Notification), (ii)
the Company shall deliver to you (a) a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, which verifies that the Business Combination
has been approved by a vote of the Companys shareholders, if a vote is held and (b) a joint written instruction signed by the Company
and the Representative with respect to the transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account, including payment of amounts owed to public
shareholders who have properly exercised their redemption rights and payment of the Deferred Discount directly to the account or accounts
directed by the Representative from the Trust Account (the Instruction Letter). You are hereby directed and
authorized to transfer the funds held in the Trust Account immediately upon your receipt of the Notification and the Instruction Letter,
in accordance with the terms of the Instruction Letter. In the event that certain deposits held in the Trust Account may not be liquidated
by the Consummation Date without penalty, you will notify the Company in writing of the same and the Company shall direct you as to whether
such funds should remain in the Trust Account and be distributed after the Consummation Date to the Company. Upon the distribution of
all the funds, net of any payments necessary for reasonable unreimbursed expenses related to liquidating the Trust Account, your obligations
under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated.

In the event that the Business
Combination is not consummated on the Consummation Date described in the notice thereof and we have not notified you on or before the
original Consummation Date of a new Consummation Date, then upon receipt by the Trustee of written instructions from the Company, the
funds held in the Trust Account shall be reinvested as provided in Section 1(c) of the Trust Agreement on the business day immediately
following the Consummation Date as set forth in such written instructions as soon thereafter as possible.

Exhibit A

Very truly yours, 

Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Santander US Capital Markets LLC

Exhibit A

Exhibit B 

[Letterhead of Company] 

[Insert date] 

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust AccountTermination Letter

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(i)
of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V (the Company) and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of ____, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
this is to advise you that the Company has been unable to effect a business combination with a Target Business within the time frame specified
in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as may be amended from time to time (the Memorandum
and Articles), as described in the Companys Prospectus relating to the Offering. Capitalized terms used but not
defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms
of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to liquidate all of the assets in the Trust Account and to transfer the total proceeds
into the trust operating account in the United States at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. to await distribution to the Public Shareholders,
less taxes payable and $100,000 to cover dissolution expenses of the Company. In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, you
are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such $______ promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the Companys
operating account at:

[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]

The Company has selected
[], 20[ ]1 as the effective date for the purpose of determining when the Public
Shareholders will be entitled to receive their share of the liquidation proceeds. You agree to be the Paying Agent of record and, in your
separate capacity as Paying Agent, agree to distribute said funds directly to the Public Shareholders in accordance with the terms of
the Trust Agreement and the Memorandum and Articles. Upon the distribution of all the funds, net of any payments necessary for reasonable
unreimbursed expenses related to liquidating the Trust Account, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated, except
to the extent otherwise provided in Section 1(j) of the Trust Agreement.

Very truly yours, 

Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Santander US Capital Markets LLC

1 21 months (or 24 months from the closing of the Offering if
the Company has executed a definitive agreement for an initial Business Combination within 21 months from the closing of the Offering,
or such earlier date as the Companys board of directors may approve), or at a later date, if extended.

Exhibit B

Exhibit C 

[Letterhead of Company] 

[Insert date] 

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust AccountTax Payment Withdrawal Instruction

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(j)
of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V (the Company) and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of ____, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the Company $[] of the interest income earned on the Property as of the date hereof.
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds
to pay for the tax obligations as set forth on the attached tax return or tax statement. In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement,
you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the Companys
operating account at:

[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION] 

Very truly yours, 

Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Santander US Capital Markets LLC

Exhibit C

Exhibit D 

[Letterhead of Company] 

[Insert date] 

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust AccountShareholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(k)
of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V (the Company) and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of ____, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the redeeming Public Shareholders of the Company $[] of the principal and interest
income earned on the Property as of the date hereof. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in
the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds
to pay its Public Shareholders who have properly elected to have their Ordinary Shares redeemed by the Company in connection with a shareholder
vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as may be amended from
time to time (the Memorandum and Articles) (A) that affects the substance or timing of the Companys
obligation to redeem one hundred percent (100%) of its public Ordinary Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination
within such time as is described in the Memorandum and Articles or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders
of Ordinary Shares or pre-initial Business Combination activity. As such, you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire
transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the redeeming Public Shareholders in accordance with your customary
procedures.

Very truly yours, 

Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Santander US Capital Markets LLC

Exhibit D
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea023270601ex10-2_liveoak5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 27, 2025 BY AND AMONG THE COMPANY AND CERTAIN SECURITY HOLDERS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement),
dated as of February 27, 2025, is made and entered into by and between Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V, a Cayman Islands exempted company
(the Company) and Live Oak Sponsor V, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor)
(the Sponsor together with any person or entity who hereafter becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 5.2 of this
Agreement, a Holder and collectively the Holders).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company has 5,750,000 Class
B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Founder Shares), issued and outstanding, up to 750,000
of which will be surrendered to the Company for no consideration depending on the extent to which the underwriters of the Companys
initial public offering exercise their over-allotment option;

WHEREAS, the Founder Shares are convertible
into Class A ordinary shares of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares), on the terms
and conditions provided in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association;

WHEREAS, on the date hereof, the Company
and the Sponsor entered into that certain Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement (the Private Placement Warrants Purchase
Agreement), pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to purchase an aggregate of 4,500,000 private placement warrants (including
to the extent that the over-allotment option in connection with the Companys initial public offering is exercised) (the Private
Placement Warrants) in a private placement transaction occurring simultaneously with the closing of the Companys
initial public offering;

WHEREAS, in order to finance the Companys
transaction costs in connection with its search for and consummation of an initial Business Combination (as defined below), the Sponsor,
its affiliates or any of the Companys officers and directors may loan to the Company funds as the Company may require, of which
up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent warrants (Working Capital Warrants)
at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender; and

WHEREAS, the Company and the Holders desire
to enter into this Agreement, pursuant to which the Company shall grant the Holders certain registration rights with respect to certain
securities of the Company, as set forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
representations, covenants and agreements contained herein, and certain other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. The terms defined in this
ARTICLE 1 shall, for all purposes of this Agreement, have the respective meanings set forth below:

Adverse Disclosure
shall mean any public disclosure of material non-public information, which disclosure, in the good faith judgment of the principal executive
officer or principal financial officer of the Company, after consultation with counsel to the Company, (i) would be required to be made
in any Registration Statement or Prospectus in order for the applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus not to contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein (in the case of any prospectus
and any preliminary prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, (ii) would not be required
to be made at such time if the Registration Statement were not being filed, and (iii) the Company has a bona fide business purpose for
not making such information public.

Agreement
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Board
shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

Business Combination
shall mean any merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination involving
the Company and one or more businesses or entities.

Commission
shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Company
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Demand Registration
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Demanding Holder
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Exchange Act
shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as it may be amended from time to time.

Form S-1
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Form S-3
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.

2

Founder Shares
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto and shall be deemed to include the Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion thereof.

Founder Shares
Lock-up Period shall mean, with respect to the Founder Shares and any Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion thereof,
the period ending on the earlier of (i) one year after the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination or earlier if,
subsequent to the completion of the Business Combination, the closing price of the Class A Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per
share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share consolidations, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like)
for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Companys initial Business Combination
and (ii) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, the date on which the Company completes a subsequent liquidation, merger, share
exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange
their Class A Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property.

Holders
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Insider Letter
shall mean that certain letter agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and each of the Companys
officers and directors.

Maximum Number
of Securities shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.4.

Misstatement
shall mean an untrue statement of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be stated in a Registration Statement
or Prospectus, or necessary to make the statements in a Registration Statement or Prospectus (in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made) not misleading.

Ordinary Shares
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Permitted Transferees
shall mean any person or entity to whom a Holder of Registrable Securities is permitted to transfer such Registrable Securities prior
to the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-up Period, Private Placement Lock-up Period or any other lock-up period, as the case may
be, under the Insider Letter, the Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreements, this Agreement and any other applicable agreement between
such Holder and the Company, and to any transferee thereafter.

3

Piggyback Registration
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.2.1.

Private Placement
Lock-up Period shall mean, with respect to Private Placement Warrants, that are held by the initial purchasers of such
Private Placement Warrants or their Permitted Transferees, and the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise or conversion
of the Private Placement Warrants, that are held by the initial purchasers of the Private Placement Warrants or their Permitted Transferees,
the period ending 30 days after the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination.

Private Placement
Warrants shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Private Placement
Warrants Purchase Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Pro Rata
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.4.

Prospectus
shall mean the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, as supplemented by any and all prospectus supplements and as amended
by any and all post-effective amendments and including all material incorporated by reference in such prospectus.

Registrable Security
shall mean (a) the Founder Shares (including any Ordinary Shares or other equivalent equity security issued or issuable upon the conversion
of any of the Founder Shares or exercisable for Ordinary Shares), (b) the Private Placement Warrants (including any Ordinary Shares issued
or issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants), (c) any outstanding Ordinary Shares or any other equity security (including
the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise of any other equity security) of the Company held by a Holder as of the date
of this Agreement or acquired by a Holder prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, (d) any equity securities (including
the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise of any such equity security) of the Company issuable upon conversion of any working
capital loans in an amount up to $1,500,000 made to the Company by a Holder (including the Working Capital Warrants and any Ordinary Shares
issued or issuable upon the exercise of the Working Capital Warrants), (e) any equity securities (including the Ordinary Shares issued
or issuable upon the exercise of any such equity security) of the Company held by a Holder on or after the date of the Business Combination
to the extent that such securities are restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) or are otherwise held by an affiliate
(as defined in Rule 144) of the Company and (f) any other equity security of the Company issued or issuable with respect to any such Ordinary
Share by way of a share capitalization or share sub-division or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger,
consolidation or reorganization; provided, however, that, as to any particular Registrable Security, such securities shall cease to be
Registrable Securities when: (A) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such securities shall have become effective under
the Securities Act and such securities shall have been sold, transferred, disposed of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration
Statement; (B) such securities shall have been otherwise transferred, new certificates for such securities not bearing a legend restricting
further transfer shall have been delivered by the Company and subsequent public distribution of such securities shall not require registration
under the Securities Act; (C) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding; (D) such securities may be sold without registration
pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission) (but with no
volume or other restrictions or limitations including as to manner or timing of sale or current public information requirements); or (E)
such securities have been sold to, or through, a broker, dealer or underwriter in a public distribution or other public securities transaction.

4

Registration
shall mean a registration effected by preparing and filing a registration statement or similar document in compliance with the requirements
of the Securities Act, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and such registration statement becoming effective.

Registration
Expenses shall mean the out-of-pocket expenses of a Registration, including, without limitation, the following:

(A) all registration and filing fees
(including fees with respect to filings required to be made with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. and any securities
exchange on which the Ordinary Shares are then listed);

(B) fees and expenses of compliance
with securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection with blue
sky qualifications of Registrable Securities);

(C) printing, messenger, telephone and
delivery expenses;

(D) reasonable fees and disbursements
of counsel for the Company;

(E) reasonable fees and disbursements
of all independent registered public accountants of the Company incurred specifically in connection with such Registration; and

(F) reasonable fees and expenses of
one (1) legal counsel selected by the majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating a Demand Registration to be registered
for offer and sale in the applicable Registration.

Registration
Statement shall mean any registration statement that covers the Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions of this
Agreement, including the Prospectus included in such registration statement, amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements
to such registration statement, and all exhibits to and all material incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

Requesting Holder
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Securities Act
shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time.

Shelf
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.1.

Sponsor
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Subsequent Shelf
Registration shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.2.

Takedown Requesting
Holder shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.3.

Underwriter
shall mean a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable Securities as principal in an Underwritten Offering and not as part of such
dealers market-making activities.

Underwritten
Registration or Underwritten Offering shall mean a Registration in which securities of the
Company are sold to an Underwriter in a firm commitment underwriting for distribution to the public.

Underwritten
Shelf Takedown shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.3.

Working Capital
Warrants shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

5

ARTICLE 2

REGISTRATIONS

2.1 Demand Registration.

2.1.1 Request for Registration. Subject to the provisions
of subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, at any time and from time to ti0.25inme on or after the date the Company consummates
the Business Combination, the Holders of at least a majority of the then-outstanding number of Registrable Securities (the Demanding
Holders) may make a written demand for Registration of all or part of their Registrable Securities, which written demand
shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such Registration and the intended method(s) of distribution thereof
(such written demand a Demand Registration). The Company shall, within ten (10) days of the Companys
receipt of the Demand Registration, notify, in writing, all other Holders of Registrable Securities of such demand, and each Holder of
Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in a Registration
pursuant to a Demand Registration (each such Holder that includes all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such
Registration, a Requesting Holder) shall so notify the Company, in writing, within five (5) days after the
receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company. Upon receipt by the Company of any such written notification from a Requesting
Holder(s) to the Company, such Requesting Holder(s) shall be entitled to have their Registrable Securities included in a Registration
pursuant to a Demand Registration and the Company shall effect, as soon thereafter as practicable, but not more than forty five (45)
days immediately after the Companys receipt of the Demand Registration, the Registration of all Registrable Securities requested
by the Demanding Holders and Requesting Holders pursuant to such Demand Registration. Under no circumstances shall the Company be obligated
to effect more than an aggregate of three (3) Registrations pursuant to a Demand Registration under this subsection 2.1.1 with
respect to any or all Registrable Securities; provided, however, that a Registration shall not be counted for such purposes unless a
Form S-1 or any similar long-form registration statement that may be available at such time (Form S-1) has
become effective and all of the Registrable Securities requested by the Requesting Holders to be registered on behalf of the Requesting
Holders in such Form S-1 Registration have been sold, in accordance with Section 3.1 of this Agreement; provided, further, that
an Underwritten Shelf Takedown shall not count as a Demand Registration.

2.1.2 Effective Registration. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection 2.1.1 above or any other part of this Agreement, a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration shall not count as a Registration unless and until (i) the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration has been declared effective by the Commission and (ii) the Company has complied with all of its obligations under this Agreement with respect thereto; provided, further, that if, after such Registration Statement has been declared effective, an offering of Registrable Securities in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration is subsequently interfered with by any stop order or injunction of the Commission, federal or state court or any other governmental agency the Registration Statement with respect to such Registration shall be deemed not to have been declared effective, unless and until, (i) such stop order or injunction is removed, rescinded or otherwise terminated, and (ii) a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating such Demand Registration thereafter affirmatively elect to continue with such Registration and accordingly notify the Company in writing, but in no event later than five (5) days, of such election; and provided, further, that the Company shall not be obligated or required to file another Registration Statement until the Registration Statement that has been previously filed with respect to a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration becomes effective or is subsequently terminated. 

2.1.3 Underwritten Offering. Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, if a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders so advise the Company as part of their Demand Registration that the offering of the Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration shall be in the form of an Underwritten Offering, then the right of such Demanding Holder or Requesting Holder (if any) to include its Registrable Securities in such Registration shall be conditioned upon such Holders participation in such Underwritten Offering and the inclusion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Underwritten Offering to the extent provided herein. All such Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.1.3 shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating the Demand Registration.

6

2.1.4 Reduction of Underwritten Offering. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration, in good faith, advises the Company, the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) in writing that the dollar amount or number of Registrable Securities that the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) desire to sell, taken together with all other Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell and the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which a Registration has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights held by any other shareholders who desire to sell, exceeds the maximum dollar amount or maximum number of equity securities that can be sold in the Underwritten Offering without adversely affecting the proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method, or the probability of success of such offering (such maximum dollar amount or maximum number of such securities, as applicable, the Maximum Number of Securities), then the Company shall include in such Underwritten Offering, as follows: (i) first, the Registrable Securities of the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) (pro rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Demanding Holder and Requesting Holder (if any) has requested be included in such Underwritten Registration and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Demanding Holders and Requesting Holders have requested be included in such Underwritten Registration (such proportion is referred to herein as Pro Rata)) that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (ii) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), the Registrable Securities of Holders (Pro Rata, based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has so requested) exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof, without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (iii) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (iv) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register in a Registration pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities.

2.1.5 Demand Registration Withdrawal. A majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating a Demand Registration or a majority-in-interest of the Requesting Holders (if any), pursuant to a Registration under subsection 2.1.1 shall have the right to withdraw from a Registration pursuant to such Demand Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of their intention to withdraw from such Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to the Registration of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.1.5.

7

2.2 Piggyback Registration.

2.2.1 Piggyback Rights. If, at any time on or after the date the Company consummates a Business Combination, the Company proposes to file a Registration Statement under the Securities Act with respect to an offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into equity securities, for its own account or for the account of shareholders of the Company (or by the Company and by the shareholders of the Company including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection with any employee share option or other benefit plan, (ii) for an exchange offer or offering of securities solely to the Companys existing shareholders, (iii) for an offering of debt that is convertible into equity securities of the Company or (iv) for a dividend reinvestment plan, then the Company shall give written notice of such proposed filing to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities as soon as practicable but not less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date of such Registration Statement, which notice shall (A) describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such offering, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, in such offering, and (B) offer to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable Securities as such Holders may request in writing within five (5) days after receipt of such written notice (such Registration a Piggyback Registration). The Company shall, in good faith, cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such Piggyback Registration and shall use its best efforts to cause the managing Underwriter or Underwriters of a proposed Underwritten Offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested by the Holders pursuant to this subsection 2.2.1 to be included in a Piggyback Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company included in such Registration and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All such Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.2.1 shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the Company. The notice periods set forth in this subsection 2.2.1 shall not apply to an Underwritten Shelf Takedown conducted in accordance with subsection 2.3.3. 

2.2.2 Reduction of Piggyback Registration. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration that is to be a Piggyback Registration (other than an Underwritten Shelf Takedown), in good faith, advises the Company and the Holders of Registrable Securities participating in the Piggyback Registration in writing that the dollar amount or number of the Ordinary Shares that the Company desires to sell, taken together with (i) the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been demanded pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder (ii) the Registrable Securities as to which registration has been requested pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof, and (iii) the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, exceeds the Maximum Number of Securities, then:

(a) If the Registration is undertaken for the Companys
account, the Company shall include in any such Registration (A) first, the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company
desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number
of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register
their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof (pro rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities
that such Holder has requested be included in such Registration), which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;
and (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the
Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to written contractual piggy-back registration rights of
other shareholders of the Company, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;

8

(b) If the Registration is pursuant to a request by persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, then the Company shall include in any such Registration (A) first, the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities, if any, of such requesting persons or entities, other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1, pro rata based on the number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has requested be included in such Registration and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Holders have requested to be included in such Registration, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (D) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and (C), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities for the account of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons or entities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities.

2.2.3 Piggyback Registration Withdrawal. Any Holder of Registrable Securities shall have the right to withdraw from a Piggyback Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of his, her or its intention to withdraw from such Piggyback Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to such Piggyback Registration. The Company (whether on its own good faith determination or as the result of a request for withdrawal by persons pursuant to separate written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement filed with the Commission in connection with a Piggyback Registration at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with the Piggyback Registration prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.2.3.

2.2.4 Unlimited Piggyback Registration Rights. For purposes of clarity, any Registration effected pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof shall not be counted as a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration effected under Section 2.1 hereof.

2.3 Shelf Registration.

2.3.1 The Holders of Registrable Securities may at any time, and from time to time, request in writing that the Company, pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), register the resale of any or all of their Registrable Securities on Form S-3 or any similar short form registration statement that may be available at such time (Form S-3), or if the Company is ineligible to use Form S-3, on Form S-1; a registration statement filed pursuant to this subsection 2.3.1 (a Shelf) shall provide for the resale of the Registrable Securities included therein pursuant to any method or combination of methods legally available to, and requested by, any Holder. Within five (5) days of the Companys receipt of a written request from a Holder or Holders of Registrable Securities for a Registration on a Shelf, the Company shall promptly give written notice of the proposed Registration to all other Holders of Registrable Securities, and each Holder of Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Registration shall so notify the Company, in writing, within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company. As soon as practicable thereafter, but not more than twelve (12) days after the Companys initial receipt of such written request for a Registration on a Shelf, the Company shall register all or such portion of such Holders Registrable Securities as are specified in such written request, together with all or such portion of Registrable Securities of any other Holder or Holders joining in such request as are specified in the written notification given by such Holder or Holders; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to effect any such Registration pursuant to this subsection 2.3.1 if the Holders of Registrable Securities, together with the Holders of any other equity securities of the Company entitled to inclusion in such Registration, propose to sell the Registrable Securities and such other equity securities (if any) at any aggregate price to the public of less than $10,000,000. The Company shall maintain each Shelf in accordance with the terms hereof, and shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments, including post-effective amendments, and supplements as may be necessary to keep such Shelf continuously effective, available for use and in compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act until such time as there are no longer any Registrable Securities included on such Shelf. In the event the Company files a Shelf on Form S-1, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to convert the Form S-1 to a Form S-3 as soon as practicable after the Company is eligible to use Form S-3.

9

2.3.2 If any Shelf ceases to be effective under the Securities Act for any reason at any time while Registrable Securities included thereon are still outstanding, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to as promptly as is reasonably practicable cause such Shelf to again become effective under the Securities Act (including obtaining the prompt withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness of such Shelf), and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to as promptly as is reasonably practicable amend such Shelf in a manner reasonably expected to result in the withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness of such Shelf or file an additional registration statement (a Subsequent Shelf Registration) registering the resale of all Registrable Securities including on such Shelf, and pursuant to any method or combination of methods legally available to, and requested by, any Holder. If a Subsequent Shelf Registration is filed, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to (i) cause such Subsequent Shelf Registration to become effective under the Securities Act as promptly as is reasonably practicable after the filing thereof and (ii) keep such Subsequent Shelf Registration continuously effective, available for use and in compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act until such time as there are no longer any Registrable Securities included thereon. Any such Subsequent Shelf Registration shall be on Form S-3 to the extent that the Company is eligible to use such form. Otherwise, such Subsequent Shelf Registration shall be on another appropriate form. In the event that any Holder holds Registrable Securities that are not registered for resale on a delayed or continuous basis, the Company, upon request of a Holder shall promptly use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the resale of such Registrable Securities to be covered by either, at the Companys option, a Shelf (including by means of a post-effective amendment) or a Subsequent Shelf Registration and cause the same to become effective as soon as practicable after such filing and such Shelf or Subsequent Shelf Registration shall be subject to the terms hereof; provided, however, the Company shall only be required to cause such Registrable Securities to be so covered once annually after inquiry of the Holders.

2.3.3 At any time and from time to time after a Shelf has been declared effective by the Commission, the Sponsor may request to sell all or any portion of its Registrable Securities in an underwritten offering that is registered pursuant to the Shelf (each, an Underwritten Shelf Takedown); provided that the Company shall only be obligated to effect an Underwritten Shelf Takedown if such offering shall include securities with a total offering price (including piggyback securities and before deduction of underwriting discounts) reasonably expected to exceed, in the aggregate, $10,000,000. All requests for Underwritten Shelf Takedowns shall be made by giving written notice to the Company at least 48 hours prior to the public announcement of such Underwritten Shelf Takedown, which shall specify the approximate number of Registrable Securities proposed to be sold in the Underwritten Shelf Takedown and the expected price range (net of underwriting discounts and commissions) of such Underwritten Shelf Takedown. The Company shall include in any Underwritten Shelf Takedown the securities requested to be included by any holder (each a Takedown Requesting Holder) at least 24 hours prior to the public announcement of such Underwritten Shelf Takedown pursuant to written contractual piggyback registration rights of such holder (including to those set forth herein). The Sponsor shall have the right to select the underwriter(s) for such offering (which shall consist of one or more reputable nationally recognized investment banks), subject to the Companys prior approval which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. For purposes of clarity, any Registration effected pursuant to this subsection 2.3.3 shall not be counted as a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration effected under Section 2.1 hereof.

2.3.4 If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Shelf Takedown, in good faith, advises the Company, the Sponsor, and the Takedown Requesting Holders (if any) in writing that the dollar amount or number of Registrable Securities that the Sponsor, and the Takedown Requesting Holders (if any) desire to sell, taken together with all other Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, exceeds the Maximum Number of Securities, then the Company shall include in such Underwritten Shelf Takedown, as follows: (i) first, the Registrable Securities of the Sponsor that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities, determined Pro Rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each such Holder has so requested to be included in such Underwritten Shelf Takedown; (ii) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (iii) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities of the Takedown Requesting Holders, if any, that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities, determined Pro Rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Takedown Requesting Holder has so requested to be included in such Underwritten Shelf Takedown.

2.3.5 The Sponsor shall have the right to withdraw from an Underwritten Shelf Takedown for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of its intention to withdraw from such Underwritten Shelf Takedown prior to the public announcement of such Underwritten Shelf Takedown. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with an Underwritten Shelf Takedown prior to a withdrawal under this subsection 2.3.5.

10

2.4 Restrictions on Registration Rights. If (A) during the
period starting with the date sixty (60) days prior to the Companys good faith estimate of the date of the filing of, and ending
on a date one hundred and twenty (120) days after the effective date of, a Company initiated Registration and provided that the Company
has delivered written notice to the Holders prior to receipt of a Demand Registration pursuant to subsection 2.1.1 and it continues
to actively employ, in good faith, all reasonable efforts to cause the applicable Registration Statement to become effective; (B) the
Holders have requested an Underwritten Registration and the Company and the Holders are unable to obtain the commitment of underwriters
to firmly underwrite the offer; or (C) in the good faith judgment of the Board such Registration would be seriously detrimental to the
Company and the Board concludes as a result that it is essential to defer the filing of such Registration Statement at such time, then
in each case the Company shall furnish to such Holders a certificate signed by the Chairperson of the Board stating that in the good
faith judgment of the Board it would be seriously detrimental to the Company for such Registration Statement to be filed in the near
future and that it is therefore essential to defer the filing of such Registration Statement. In such event, the Company shall have the
right to defer such filing for a period of not more than thirty (30) days; provided, however, that the Company shall not defer its obligation
in this manner more than once in any 12-month period.

2.5 Legends. In connection with any sale or other disposition
of the Registrable Securities by a Holder pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated
thereafter by the Commission) and upon compliance by the Holder with the requirements of this Section 2.5, if requested by the
Holder, the Company shall cause the transfer agent for the Registrable Securities (the Transfer Agent) to
remove any restrictive legends related to the book entry account holding such Registrable Securities and make a new, unlegended entry
for such book entry shares sold or disposed of without restrictive legends within two (2) trading days of any such request therefor from
the Holder; provided that the Company and the Transfer Agent have timely received from the Holder customary representations and other
documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Transfer Agent in connection therewith. Subject to receipt from the Holder
by the Company and the Transfer Agent of customary representations and other documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company and the
Transfer Agent in connection therewith, the Holder may request that the Company remove any legend from the book entry position evidencing
its Registrable Securities and the Company will, if required by the Transfer Agent, use its commercially reasonable efforts cause an
opinion of the Companys counsel be provided, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Transfer Agent, to the effect that the removal
of such restrictive legends in such circumstances may be effected under the Securities Act, following the earliest of such time as such
Registrable Securities (i) are subject to or have been or are about to be sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or (ii)
have been or are about to be sold pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter
by the Commission). If restrictive legends are no longer required for such Registrable Securities pursuant to the foregoing, the Company
shall, in accordance with the provisions of this section and within two (2) trading days of any request therefor from the Holder accompanied
by such customary and reasonably acceptable representations and other documentation referred to above establishing that restrictive legends
are no longer required, deliver to the Transfer Agent irrevocable instructions that the Transfer Agent shall make a new, unlegended entry
for such book entry shares. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its Transfer Agent, its legal counsel and all DTC fees associated
with such issuance.

ARTICLE 3

COMPANY PROCEDURES

3.1 General Procedures. If at any time on or after the date
the Company consummates a Business Combination the Company is required to effect the Registration of Registrable Securities, the Company
shall use its best efforts to effect such Registration to permit the sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended
plan of distribution thereof, and pursuant thereto the Company shall, as expeditiously as possible:

3.1.1 prepare and file with the Commission as soon as practicable a Registration Statement with respect to such Registrable Securities and use its reasonable best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective and remain effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement have been sold;

11

3.1.2 prepare and file with the Commission such amendments and post-effective amendments to the Registration Statement, and such supplements to the Prospectus, as may be requested by the Holders or any Underwriter of Registrable Securities or as may be required by the rules, regulations or instructions applicable to the registration form used by the Company or by the Securities Act or rules and regulations thereunder to keep the Registration Statement effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement are sold in accordance with the intended plan of distribution set forth in such Registration Statement or supplement to the Prospectus;

3.1.3 prior to filing a Registration Statement or prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish without charge to the Underwriters, if any, and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration, and such Holders and Underwriters legal counsel, copies of such Registration Statement as proposed to be filed, each amendment and supplement to such Registration Statement (in each case including all exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein), the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including each preliminary Prospectus), and such other documents as the Underwriters and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration or the legal counsel for any such Holders and Underwriters may request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such Holders;

3.1.4 prior to any public offering of Registrable Securities, use its best efforts to (i) register or qualify the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement under such securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement (in light of their intended plan of distribution) may request and (ii) take such action necessary to cause such Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement to be registered with or approved by such other governmental authorities as may be necessary by virtue of the business and operations of the Company and do any and all other acts and things that may be necessary or advisable to enable the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify or take any action to which it would be subject to general service of process or taxation in any such jurisdiction where it is not then otherwise so subject;

3.1.5 cause all such Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange or automated quotation system on which similar securities issued by the Company are then listed;

3.1.6 provide a transfer agent or warrant agent, as applicable, and registrar for all such Registrable Securities no later than the effective date of such Registration Statement;

3.1.7 advise each seller of such Registrable Securities, promptly after it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge thereof, of the issuance of any stop order by the Commission suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose and promptly use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if such stop order should be issued;

3.1.8 at least five (5) days prior to the filing of any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement furnish a copy thereof to each seller of such Registrable Securities and its counsel, including, without limitation, providing copies promptly upon receipt of any comment letters received with respect to any such Registration Statement or Prospectus;

3.1.9 notify the Holders at any time when a Prospectus relating to such Registration Statement is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, of the happening of any event as a result of which the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes a Misstatement, and then to correct such Misstatement as set forth in Section 3.4 hereof;

12

3.1.10 permit a representative of the Holders (such representative to be selected by a majority of the participating Holders), the Underwriters, if any, and any attorney or accountant retained by such Holders or Underwriter to participate, at each such persons own expense, in the preparation of the Registration Statement, and cause the Companys officers, directors and employees to supply all information reasonably requested by any such representative, Underwriter, attorney or accountant in connection with the Registration; provided, however, that such representatives or Underwriters enter into a confidentiality agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company, prior to the release or disclosure of any such information; and provided further, the Company may not include the name of any Holder or Underwriter or any information regarding any Holder or Underwriter in any Registration Statement or Prospectus, any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement or Prospectus, any document that is to be incorporated by reference into such Registration Statement or Prospectus, or any response to any comment letter, without the prior written consent of such Holder or Underwriter and providing each such Holder or Underwriter a reasonable amount of time to review and comment on such applicable document, which comments the Company shall include unless contrary to applicable law;

3.1.11 obtain a cold comfort letter from the Companys independent registered public accountants in the event of an Underwritten Registration which the participating Holders may rely on, in customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily covered by cold comfort letters as the managing Underwriter may reasonably request, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority-in-interest of the participating Holders;

3.1.12 on the date the Registrable Securities are delivered for sale pursuant to such Registration, obtain an opinion, dated such date, of counsel representing the Company for the purposes of such Registration, addressed to the Holders, the placement agent or sales agent, if any, and the Underwriters, if any, covering such legal matters with respect to the Registration in respect of which such opinion is being given as the Holders, placement agent, sales agent, or Underwriter may reasonably request and as are customarily included in such opinions and negative assurance letters, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority in interest of the participating Holders;

3.1.13 in the event of any Underwritten Offering, enter into and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual and customary form, with the managing Underwriter of such offering;

3.1.14 make available to its security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, an earnings statement covering the period of at least twelve (12) months beginning with the first day of the Companys first full calendar quarter after the effective date of the Registration Statement which satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission);

3.1.15 if the Registration involves the Registration of Registrable Securities involving gross proceeds in excess of $25,000,000, use its reasonable efforts to make available senior executives of the Company to participate in customary road show presentations that may be reasonably requested by the Underwriter in any Underwritten Offering; and

3.1.16 otherwise, in good faith, cooperate reasonably with, and take such customary actions as may reasonably be requested by the Holders, in connection with such Registration.

3.2 Registration Expenses. The Registration Expenses of all
Registrations shall be borne by the Company. It is acknowledged by the Holders that the Holders shall bear all incremental selling expenses
relating to the sale of Registrable Securities, such as Underwriters commissions and discounts, brokerage fees, Underwriter marketing
costs and, other than as set forth in the definition of Registration Expenses, all reasonable fees and expenses of any
legal counsel representing the Holders.

13

3.3 Requirements for Participation in Underwritten Offerings.
No person may participate in any Underwritten Offering for equity securities of the Company pursuant to a Registration initiated by the
Company hereunder unless such person (i) agrees to sell such persons securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements
approved by the Company and (ii) completes and executes all customary questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, lock-up agreements,
underwriting agreements and other customary documents as may be reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.

3.4 Suspension of Sales; Adverse Disclosure. Upon receipt
of written notice from the Company that a Registration Statement or Prospectus contains a Misstatement, each of the Holders shall forthwith
discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities until he, she or it has received copies of a supplemented or amended Prospectus correcting
the Misstatement (it being understood that the Company hereby covenants to prepare and file such supplement or amendment as soon as practicable
after the time of such notice), or until he, she or it is advised in writing by the Company that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed.
If the filing, initial effectiveness or continued use of a Registration Statement in respect of any Registration at any time would require
the Company to make an Adverse Disclosure or would require the inclusion in such Registration Statement of financial statements that
are unavailable to the Company for reasons beyond the Companys control, the Company may, upon giving prompt written notice of
such action to the Holders, delay the filing or initial effectiveness of, or suspend use of, such Registration Statement for the shortest
period of time, but in no event more than thirty (30) days, determined in good faith by the Company to be necessary for such purpose.
In the event the Company exercises its rights under the preceding sentence, the Holders agree to suspend, immediately upon their receipt
of the notice referred to above, their use of the Prospectus relating to any Registration in connection with any sale or offer to sell
Registrable Securities. The Company shall immediately notify the Holders of the expiration of any period during which it exercised its
rights under this Section 3.4.

3.5 Reporting Obligations. As long as any Holder shall own
Registrable Securities, the Company, at all times while it shall be a reporting company under the Exchange Act, covenants to file timely
(or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company
after the date hereof pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and to promptly furnish the Holders with true and complete
copies of all such filings. The Company further covenants that it shall take such further action as any Holder may reasonably request,
all to the extent required from time to time to enable such Holder to sell Ordinary Shares held by such Holder without registration under
the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor
rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), including providing any legal opinions. Upon the request of any Holder, the Company shall
deliver to such Holder a written certification of a duly authorized officer as to whether it has complied with such requirements.

ARTICLE 4

INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION

4.1 Indemnification.

4.1.1 The Company agrees to indemnify, to the extent permitted by law and the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, each Holder of Registrable Securities, its officers and directors and each person who controls such Holder (within the meaning of the Securities Act) against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including attorneys fees) caused by any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, except insofar as the same are caused by or contained in any information furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein. The Company shall indemnify the Underwriters, their officers and directors and each person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to the indemnification of the Holder.

14

4.1.2 In connection with any Registration Statement in which a Holder of Registrable Securities is participating, such Holder shall furnish to the Company in writing such information and affidavits as the Company reasonably requests for use in connection with any such Registration Statement or Prospectus and, to the extent permitted by law, shall indemnify the Company, its directors and officers and agents and each person who controls the Company (within the meaning of the Securities Act) against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorneys fees) resulting from any untrue statement of material fact contained in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, but only to the extent that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any information or affidavit so furnished in writing by such Holder expressly for use therein; provided, however, that the obligation to indemnify shall be several, not joint and several, among such Holders of Registrable Securities, and the liability of each such Holder of Registrable Securities shall be in proportion to and limited to the net proceeds received by such Holder from the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. The Holders of Registrable Securities shall indemnify the Underwriters, their officers, directors and each person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to indemnification of the Company.

4.1.3 Any person entitled to indemnification herein shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification (provided that the failure to give prompt notice shall not impair any persons right to indemnification hereunder to the extent such failure has not materially prejudiced the indemnifying party) and (ii) unless in such indemnified partys reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties may exist with respect to such claim, permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party. If such defense is assumed, the indemnifying party shall not be subject to any liability for any settlement made by the indemnified party without its consent (but such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). An indemnifying party who is not entitled to, or elects not to, assume the defense of a claim shall not be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more than one counsel (plus local counsel) for all parties indemnified by such indemnifying party with respect to such claim, unless in the reasonable judgment of any indemnified party a conflict of interest may exist between such indemnified party and any other of such indemnified parties with respect to such claim. No indemnifying party shall, without the consent of the indemnified party, consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which cannot be settled in all respects by the payment of money (and such money is so paid by the indemnifying party pursuant to the terms of such settlement) or which settlement does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation.

4.1.4 The indemnification provided for under this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the indemnified party or any officer, director or controlling person of such indemnified party and shall survive the transfer of securities. The Company and each Holder of Registrable Securities participating in an offering also agrees to make such provisions as are reasonably requested by any indemnified party for contribution to such party in the event the Companys or such Holders indemnification is unavailable for any reason.

15

4.1.5 If the indemnification provided under Section 4.1 hereof from the indemnifying party is unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to herein, then the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the indemnified party as a result of such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the indemnifying party and indemnified party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact, was made by, or relates to information supplied by, such indemnifying party or indemnified party, and the indemnifying partys and indemnified partys relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action; provided, however, that the liability of any Holder under this subsection 4.1.5 shall be limited to the amount of the net proceeds received by such Holder in such offering giving rise to such liability. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses or other liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in subsections 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3 above, any legal or other fees, charges or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with any investigation or proceeding. The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation, which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this subsection 4.1.5. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

4.2 Waiver of Medallion Guaranty. The Company agrees to use
commercially reasonable efforts to enter into an indemnification agreement in customary form, in favor of Continental Stock Transfer
& Trust Company (or any successor transfer agent or warrant agent of the Company) in connection with the waiver of any requirement
to provide a medallion guarantee in connection with any Transfer of any equity securities of the Company by the Sponsor or any of its
Permitted Transferees.

ARTICLE 5

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Notices. Any notice or communication under this Agreement
must be in writing and given by (i) deposit in the United States mail, addressed to the party to be notified, postage prepaid and registered
or certified with return receipt requested, (ii) delivery in person or by courier service providing evidence of delivery, or (iii) transmission
by hand delivery, electronic mail, telecopy, telegram or facsimile. Each notice or communication that is mailed, delivered, or transmitted
in the manner described above shall be deemed sufficiently given, served, sent, and received, in the case of mailed notices, on the third
business day following the date on which it is mailed and, in the case of notices delivered by courier service, hand delivery, electronic
mail, telecopy, telegram or facsimile, at such time as it is delivered to the addressee (with the delivery receipt or the affidavit of
messenger) or at such time as delivery is refused by the addressee upon presentation. Any notice or communication under this Agreement
must be addressed, if to the Company, to: 4921 William Arnold Road, Memphis, TN 38117, and, if to any Holder, at such Holders
address or contact information as set forth in the Companys books and records. Any party may change its address for notice at
any time and from time to time by written notice to the other parties hereto, and such change of address shall become effective thirty
(30) days after delivery of such notice as provided in this Section 5.1.

5.2 Assignment; No Third Party Beneficiaries.

5.2.1 This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by the Company in whole or in part.

5.2.2 Prior to the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-up Period or the Private Placement Lock-up Period, as the case may be, no Holder may assign or delegate such Holders rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, except in connection with a transfer of Registrable Securities by such Holder to a Permitted Transferee but only if such Permitted Transferee agrees to become bound by the transfer restrictions set forth in this Agreement.

16

5.2.3 This Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties and its successors and the permitted assigns of the Holders, which shall include Permitted Transferees.

5.2.4 This Agreement shall not confer any rights or benefits on any persons that are not parties hereto, other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement and Section 5.2 hereof.

5.2.5 No assignment by any party hereto of such partys rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate the Company unless and until the Company shall have received (i) written notice of such assignment as provided in Section 5.1 hereof and (ii) the written agreement of the assignee, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement (which may be accomplished by an addendum or certificate of joinder to this Agreement). Any transfer or assignment made other than as provided in this Section 5.2 shall be null and void.

5.3 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple
counterparts (including facsimile or PDF counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute
the same instrument, but only one of which need be produced.

5.4 Governing Law; Venue. NOTWITHSTANDING THE PLACE WHERE
THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE EXECUTED BY ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO, THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND
CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AS APPLIED TO AGREEMENTS AMONG NEW YORK RESIDENTS ENTERED INTO AND TO BE PERFORMED
ENTIRELY WITHIN NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. ANY LEGAL SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING
ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY MAY BE INSTITUTED IN THE FEDERAL COURTS OF THE UNITED
STATES OR THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK IN EACH CASE LOCATED IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, AND EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE
EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING.

5.5 Amendments and Modifications. Upon the written consent
of the Company and the Holders of at least a majority in interest of the Registrable Securities at the time in question, compliance with
any of the provisions, covenants and conditions set forth in this Agreement may be waived, or any of such provisions, covenants or conditions
may be amended or modified; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, any amendment hereto or waiver hereof that adversely
affects one Holder, solely in his, her or its capacity as a holder of the capital shares of the Company, in a manner that is materially
different from the other Holders (in such capacity) shall require the consent of the Holder so affected. No course of dealing between
any Holder or the Company and any other party hereto or any failure or delay on the part of a Holder or the Company in exercising any
rights or remedies under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any rights or remedies of any Holder or the Company. No single or
partial exercise of any rights or remedies under this Agreement by a party shall operate as a waiver or preclude the exercise of any
other rights or remedies hereunder or thereunder by such party.

5.6 Other Registration Rights. The Company represents and
warrants that no person, other than a Holder of Registrable Securities, has any right to require the Company to register any securities
of the Company for sale or to include such securities of the Company in any Registration filed by the Company for the sale of securities
for its own account or for the account of any other person. Further, the Company represents and warrants that this Agreement supersedes
any other registration rights agreement or agreement with similar terms and conditions and in the event of a conflict between any such
agreement or agreements and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.

5.7 Term. This Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier
of (i) the tenth anniversary of the date of this Agreement or (ii) the date as of which (A) all of the Registrable Securities have been
sold pursuant to a Registration Statement (but in no event prior to the applicable period referred to in Section 4(a)(3) of the Securities
Act and Rule 174 thereunder (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission)) or (B) the Holders of all Registrable Securities
are permitted to sell the Registrable Securities without registration pursuant to Rule 144 (or any similar provision) under the Securities
Act with no volume or other restrictions or limitations. The provisions of Section 3.5 and ARTICLE 4 shall survive any
termination.

[Signature Page Follows]

17

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused
this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY: 

LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. V, 

a Cayman Islands exempted company

By: /s/ Adam Fishman

Name: Adam Fishman

Title: Chief Financial Officer

HOLDERS: 

LIVE OAK SPONSOR V, LLC, 

a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Richard Hendrix

Name: Richard Hendrix

Title: Managing Member

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea023270601ex10-3_liveoak5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRIVATE PLACEMENT WARRANTS PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 27, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE SPONSOR
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

PRIVATE PLACEMENT WARRANTS PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS PRIVATE PLACEMENT WARRANTS
PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of February 27, 2025 (as it may from time to time be amended, this Agreement),
is entered into by and between Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company),
and Live Oak Sponsor V, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Purchaser).

WHEREAS, the Company intends
to consummate an initial public offering of the Companys units (the Public Offering), each unit consisting
of one Class A Ordinary Share, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (an Ordinary Share), and one-half
of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 per Ordinary
Share. The Purchaser has agreed to purchase an aggregate of 4,500,000 warrants (including if the over-allotment option in connection with
the Public Offering is exercised in full) (the Private Placement Warrants), each Private Placement Warrant
entitling the holder to purchase one Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 per Share.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual promises contained in this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties to this Agreement hereby, intending legally to be bound, agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

Section 1. Authorization,
Purchase and Sale; Terms of the Private Placement Warrants.

A. Authorization of the Private
Placement Warrants. The Company has duly authorized the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Warrants to the Purchaser.

B. Purchase and Sale of
the Private Placement Warrants.

(i) On the date
of the consummation of the Public Offering or on such earlier time and date as may be mutually agreed by the Purchaser and the Company
(the Closing Date), the Company shall issue and sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser shall purchase from
the Company, an aggregate of 4,500,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant for an aggregate purchase price of $4,500,000
(the Purchase Price), which shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company at
least one business day prior to the Closing Date in accordance with the Companys wiring instructions. On the Closing Date, upon
the payment by the Purchaser of the Purchase Price, the Company, at its option, shall deliver a certificate evidencing the Private Placement
Warrants purchased by the Purchaser on such date duly registered in the Purchasers name to the Purchaser, or effect such delivery
in book-entry form.

C. Terms of the Private
Placement Warrants.

(i) Each Private
Placement Warrant shall have the terms set forth in a Warrant Agreement to be entered into by the Company and a warrant agent in connection
with the Public Offering (a Warrant Agreement).

(ii) At the time
of the closing of the Public Offering, the Company and the Purchaser shall enter into a registration rights agreement (the Registration
Rights Agreement) pursuant to which the Company will grant certain registration rights to the Purchaser relating to the
Private Placement Warrants and the Ordinary Shares underlying the Private Placement Warrants.

Section 2. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. As a material inducement to the Purchaser to enter into this Agreement and purchase the Private Placement
Warrants, the Company hereby represents and warrants to the Purchaser (which representations and warranties shall survive the Closing
Date) that:

A. Incorporation and Corporate
Power. The Company is an exempted company duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands
and is qualified to do business in every jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the financial condition, operating results or assets of the Company. The Company possesses all requisite corporate power
and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Warrant Agreement.

B. Authorization; No Breach.

(i) The execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Private Placement Warrants have been duly authorized by the Company as of the Closing
Date. This Agreement constitutes the valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to
bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting
creditors rights and to general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law). Upon issuance in accordance
with, and payment pursuant to, the terms of the Warrant Agreement and this Agreement, the Private Placement Warrants will constitute valid
and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms as of the Closing Date.

(ii) The execution
and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the Private Placement Warrants, the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Warrants,
the issuance of the Ordinary Shares upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and the fulfillment of, and compliance with, the respective
terms hereof and thereof by the Company, do not and will not as of the Closing Date (a) conflict with or result in a breach of the terms,
conditions or provisions of, (b) constitute a default under, (c) result in the creation of any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance
upon the Companys equity or assets under, (d) result in a violation of, or (e) require any authorization, consent, approval, exemption
or other action by or notice or declaration to, or filing with, any court or administrative or governmental body or agency pursuant to
the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company in effect on the date hereof or as may be amended at or
prior to completion of the contemplated Public Offering, or any material law, statute, rule or regulation to which the Company is subject,
or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Company is subject, except for any filings required after the date hereof under
federal or state securities laws.

C. Title to Securities.
Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and the Warrant Agreement, and upon registration in the Companys
register of members, the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will be duly and validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and the Warrant Agreement, and upon
registration in the books maintained by or on behalf of the Company for the registration and transfer
of the Private Placement Warrants (in the case of the Private Placement Warrants) or the Companys register of members (in
the case of the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of such Private Placement Warrants), the Purchaser will have good title to the
Private Placement Warrants and the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of such Private Placement Warrants, free and clear of all liens,
claims and encumbrances of any kind, other than (i) transfer restrictions hereunder and under the other agreements contemplated hereby,
(ii) transfer restrictions under federal and state securities laws, and (iii) liens, claims or encumbrances imposed due to the actions
of the Purchaser.

D. Governmental Consents.
No permit, consent, approval or authorization of, or declaration to or filing with, any governmental authority is required in connection
with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement or the consummation by the Company of any other transactions
contemplated hereby.

E. Regulation D Qualification.
Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its affiliates, members, officers, directors or beneficial shareholders of 20% or more
of its outstanding securities, has experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant to Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

Section 3. Representations
and Warranties of the Purchaser. As a material inducement to the Company to enter into this Agreement and issue and sell the Private
Placement Warrants to the Purchaser, the Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to the Company (which representations and warranties
shall survive each Closing Date) that:

A. Organization and Requisite
Authority. The Purchaser possesses all requisite power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

2

B. Authorization; No Breach.

(i) This Agreement
constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency,
fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights
and to general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law).

(ii) The execution
and delivery by the Purchaser of this Agreement and the fulfillment of and compliance with the terms hereof by the Purchaser does not
and shall not as of each Closing Date conflict with or result in a breach by the Purchaser of the terms, conditions or provisions of any
agreement, instrument, order, judgment or decree to which the Purchaser is subject.

C. Investment Representations.

(i) The Purchaser
is acquiring the Private Placement Warrants and, upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, the Ordinary Shares issuable upon such
exercise (collectively, the Securities), for the Purchasers own account, for investment purposes only
and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, any public sale or distribution thereof.

(ii) The Purchaser
is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D, and the Purchaser has not experienced
a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant to Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

(iii) The Purchaser
understands that the Securities are being offered and will be sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration requirements
of the United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Purchasers
compliance with, the representations and warranties of the Purchaser set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions
and the eligibility of the Purchaser to acquire such Securities.

(iv) The Purchaser
did not decide to enter into this Agreement as a result of any general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of Rule
502(c) under the Securities Act.

(v) The Purchaser
has been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer
and sale of the Securities which have been requested by the Purchaser. The Purchaser has been afforded the opportunity to ask questions
of the executive officers and directors of the Company. The Purchaser understands that its investment in the Securities involves a high
degree of risk and it has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision
with respect to the acquisition of the Securities.

(vi) The Purchaser
understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or made any recommendation
or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities by the Purchaser nor have such authorities
passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

(vii) The Purchaser
understands that: (a) the Securities have not been and are not being registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws,
and may not be offered for sale, sold, assigned or transferred unless (1) subsequently registered thereunder or (2) sold in reliance on
an exemption therefrom; and (b) except as specifically set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement, neither the Company nor any other
person is under any obligation to register the Securities under the Securities Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the
terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder. While the Purchaser understands that Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities
initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously
a shell company, the Purchaser understands that Rule 144 includes an exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met:
(i) the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; (ii) the issuer of the securities
is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act); (iii) the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable,
during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form
8-K reports; and (iv) at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC
reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

3

(viii) The Purchaser
has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters, knows of the high degree of risk associated with investments in the
securities of companies in the development stage such as the Company, is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in
the Securities and is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities in the amount contemplated hereunder for an indefinite
period of time. The Purchaser has adequate means of providing for its current financial needs and contingencies and will have no current
or anticipated future needs for liquidity which would be jeopardized by the investment in the Securities. The Purchaser can afford a complete
loss of its investment in the Securities.

Section 4. Conditions
of the Purchasers Obligations. The obligation of the Purchaser to purchase and pay for the Private Placement Warrants is subject
to the fulfillment, on or before each Closing Date, of each of the following conditions:

A. Representations and
Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 2 shall be true and correct at and as of
such Closing Date as though then made.

B. Performance. The
Company shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required
to be performed or complied with by it on or before such Closing Date.

C. No Injunction.
No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the
Warrant Agreement.

D. Warrant Agreement. The Company
shall have entered into the Warrant Agreement with a warrant agent on terms satisfactory to the Purchaser.

Section 5. Conditions
of the Companys Obligations. The obligations of the Company to the Purchaser under this Agreement are subject to the fulfillment,
on or before each Closing Date, of each of the following conditions:

A. Representations and
Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained in Section 3 shall be true and correct at and as
of such Closing Date as though then made.

B. Performance. The
Purchaser shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required
to be performed or complied with by the Purchaser on or before such Closing Date.

C. Corporate Consents.
The Company shall have obtained the consent of its Board of Directors authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
and the Warrant Agreement and the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Warrants hereunder.

D. No Injunction.
No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the
Warrant Agreement.

E. Warrant Agreement.
The Company shall have entered into the Warrant Agreement with a warrant agent on terms satisfactory to the Company.

Section 6. Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated at any time after December 31, 2024 upon the election by either the Company or the Purchaser upon written
notice to the other party if the closing of the Public Offering does not occur prior to such date.

4

Section 7. Survival of
Representations and Warranties. All of the representations and warranties contained herein shall survive each Closing Date.

Section 8. Definitions.
Terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in the registration statement
on Form S-1 the Company has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, under the Securities Act.

Section 9. Miscellaneous.

A. Successors and Assigns.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement by or on behalf of any of the
parties hereto shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors of the parties hereto whether so expressed or not. Notwithstanding
the foregoing or anything to the contrary herein, the parties may not assign this Agreement, other than assignments by the Purchaser to
affiliates thereof (including, without limitation one or more of its members).

B. Severability. Whenever
possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but
if any provision of this Agreement is held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only
to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of this Agreement.

C. Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, none of which need contain the signatures of more than one party,
but all such counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

D. Descriptive Headings;
Interpretation. The descriptive headings of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a substantive part
of this Agreement. The use of the word including in this Agreement shall be by way of example rather than by limitation.

E. Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of New York and for all purposes shall be construed in
accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York.

F. Amendments. This
Agreement may not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by all parties
hereto.

[Signature Page Follows]

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have executed this Agreement to be effective as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY: 

LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. V 

By: /s/ Adam Fishman 

Name: Adam Fishman 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

PURCHASER: 

LIVE OAK SPONSOR V, LLC, 

a Delaware limited liability company 

By: /s/ Richard Hendrix 

Name: Richard Hendrix 

Title: Managing Member 

[Signature Page to Private Placement Warrants Purchase
Agreement]

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ea023270601ex10-4_liveoak5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>LETTER AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 27, 2025, BY AND AMONG THE COMPANY, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AND THE SPONSOR
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

February 27, 2025

Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V

4921 William Arnold Road

Memphis, TN 38117

Re: Initial Public Offering

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter (this Letter
Agreement) is being delivered to you in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement)
entered into by and among Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company) and
Santander US Capital Markets LLC as representative (the Representative) of the underwriters (the Underwriters),
relating to an underwritten initial public offering (the Public Offering), of up to 23,000,000 of the Companys
units (including up to 3,000,000 units which may be purchased to cover over-allotments, if any) (the Units),
each comprised of one Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Class A Ordinary Shares)
and one-half of one redeemable warrant (each whole warrant, a Warrant). Each Warrant entitles the holder thereof
to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The Units shall be sold in the Public Offering
pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284207) and prospectus (the Prospectus) filed
by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) and the Company shall apply
to have the Units listed on the Nasdaq Global Market. Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in paragraph 11 hereof.

In order to induce the Company
and the Underwriters to enter into the Underwriting Agreement and to proceed with the Public Offering and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Live Oak Sponsor V, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(the Sponsor) and each of the undersigned individuals, each of whom is a member of the Companys board
of directors and/or management team (each an Insider and, collectively, the Insiders),
hereby agree with the Company as follows:

1. The Sponsor and each Insider
agree that if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination, then in connection with such proposed Business
Combination, it, he or she shall (i) vote all Founder Shares and any shares acquired by it, him or her in the Public Offering or the secondary
public market in favor of such proposed Business Combination, except that it, he or she shall not vote any Class A Ordinary Shares that
it, he or she purchased after the Company publicly announces its intention to engage in such proposed Business Combination for or against
such proposed Business Combination and (ii) not redeem any Class A Ordinary Shares owned by it, him or her in connection with such shareholder
approval. If the Company seeks to consummate a proposed Business Combination by engaging in a tender offer, the Sponsor and each Insider
agrees that it, he or she will not sell or tender any Ordinary Shares owned by it, him or her in connection herewith.

2. The Sponsor and each Insider
agree that in the event that the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination by the date that is within 21 months from the closing
of the Public Offering (or 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering if the Company has executed a definitive agreement for an
initial Business Combination within 21 months from the closing of the Public Offering), or until such earlier date as the Companys
board of directors may approve, or such later date as the Companys shareholders may approve, in each case in accordance with the
Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as may be amended from time to time (the Completion
Window and the Memorandum and Articles, respectively), the Sponsor and each Insider shall take
all reasonable steps to cause the Company to (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten (10) business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100% of the Class A
Ordinary Shares sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering (the Offering Shares), at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the
Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of Offering Shares then in issue, which redemption will completely extinguish the Public Shareholders rights as shareholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Companys remaining shareholders and the Companys board
of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Companys obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for
claims of creditors and other requirements of applicable law. The Sponsor and the Insiders agree to not propose any amendment to the Memorandum
and Articles not for the purposes of approving, or in conjunction with the consummation of, a Business Combination (A) to modify the substance
or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem one hundred per
cent (100%) of the Offering Shares if the Company has not consummated a Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with
respect to any other material provisions relating to the rights of holders of Class A Ordinary Shares or pre-initial Business Combination
activity, unless the Company provides its Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Offering Shares upon effectiveness
of any such amendment at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including
interest earned on the Trust Account net of taxes payable, divided by the number of Offering Shares then in issue, subject to applicable
law. The Sponsor and each Insider acknowledges that it, he or she will not be entitled to rights to liquidating distributions from the
Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares held by it, him or her if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within
the Completion Window; although it, he or she will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any
Offering Shares it, he or she holds if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. The Sponsor
and each Insider hereby further acknowledge that it, he or she will not be entitled to (a) redemption rights with respect to any Founder
Shares and Offering Shares held by it, him or her, in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, or (b) redemption rights
with respect to Founder Shares and Offering Shares held by it, him or her in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Memorandum
and Articles in the manner described above.

3. To the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law and the Memorandum and Articles, the Company hereby agrees to defend, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate
(including the advancement of expenses to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law) the Sponsor and its members (present and former),
managers and affiliates and their respective present and former officers and directors (each, a Sponsor Indemnitee)
from any and all costs, fees, expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties, reasonable attorneys fees and amounts paid in
settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such costs, fees,
expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually, and reasonably, incurred by a Sponsor Indemnitee
or on a Sponsor Indemnitees behalf in connection with any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation,
alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding instituted
by the Company or any third party, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative in nature, in respect of any investment opportunities
sourced by a Sponsor Indemnitee for the Company or any liability arising with respect to a Sponsor Indemnitees activities in connection
with the affairs of the Company (in each case to the extent that such indemnification, hold harmless and exoneration obligations with
respect to such matters are not expressly covered by a separate written agreement between the Company and the applicable Sponsor Indemnitee);
provided, that in no event shall a Sponsor Indemnitee be entitled to be indemnified or held harmless hereunder in respect of any
costs, fees, expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (if any) that a Sponsor Indemnitee may
incur by reason of such persons own actual fraud or intentional misconduct; provided, further, that, for the avoidance
of doubt, under no circumstance shall a Sponsor Indemnitee have a claim to any monies or assets held in the Trust Account, and the Company
shall not be permitted to procure monies or assets held in the Trust Account for the satisfaction of its obligations to any Sponsor Indemnitee
in respect of the indemnification provided hereunder. The Sponsor Indemnitees shall be third party beneficiaries of this paragraph.

2

4. During the period commencing
on the effective date of the Underwriting Agreement and ending 180 days after such date, the undersigned shall not, without the prior
written consent of the Representative, (i) sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option to purchase
or otherwise dispose of or agree to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate
or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules
and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, any Units, Class A Ordinary Shares, the Companys Class B ordinary shares,
par value $0.0001 per share (the Class B Ordinary Shares and, together with the Class A Ordinary Shares, the
Ordinary Shares), Warrants or any securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, Class
A Ordinary Shares owned by him, her or it; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not apply to transfers to the Sponsor
by the Insiders, (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences
of ownership of any Units, Class A Ordinary Shares, Founder Shares, Warrants or any securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable
for, Class A Ordinary Shares owned by him, her or it, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in
cash or otherwise or (iii) publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i) or (ii). If the undersigned
is an officer or director of the Company, the undersigned further agrees that the forgoing restrictions shall be equally applicable to
any issuer-directed Units that the undersigned may purchase in the Public Offering.

5. In the event of the liquidation
of the Trust Account, the Sponsor (which for purposes of clarification shall not extend to any officer, member or manager of the Sponsor)
agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including,
but not limited to, any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation,
whether pending or threatened, or any claim whatsoever) to which the Company may become subject as a result of any claim by (i) any third
party (other than the Companys independent public accountants) for services rendered or products sold to the Company or (ii) a
prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or
business combination agreement (a Target); provided, however, that such indemnification of the
Company by the Sponsor shall apply only to the extent necessary to ensure that such claims by a third party for services rendered (other
than the Companys independent public accountants) or products sold to the Company or a Target do not reduce the amount of funds
in the Trust Account to below (A) $10.05 per share of the Offering Shares or (B) such lesser amount per share of the Offering Shares held
in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each
case including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and net of taxes payable, except as to any claims by a third party
or Target that executed an agreement waiving claims against and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account whether or not such agreement
is enforceable. In the event that any such executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against such third party, the Sponsor shall not
be responsible for any liability as a result of any such third-party claims. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, such indemnification
of the Company by the Sponsor shall not apply as to any claims under the Companys obligation to indemnify the Underwriters against
certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).
The Sponsor shall have the right to defend against any such claim with counsel of its choice reasonably satisfactory to the Company if,
within fifteen (15) days following written receipt of notice of the claim to the Sponsor, the Sponsor notifies the Company in writing
that it shall undertake such defense.

6. To the extent that the
Underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option to purchase an additional 3,000,000 Units (as described in the Prospectus), the
Sponsor agrees, upon the expiration or waiver of such option, to forfeit and surrender for no consideration for cancellation, a number
of Founder Shares equal to the product of 750,000 multiplied by a fraction, (i) the numerator of which is 3,000,000 minus the number of
Units purchased by the Underwriters upon the exercise of their over-allotment option, and (ii) the denominator of which is 3,000,000.
The forfeiture and surrender will be adjusted to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the Underwriters
so that the Founder Shares will represent 20% of the Companys issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares after the Public Offering.
The Sponsor further agrees that to the extent that the size of the Public Offering is increased or decreased and the Sponsor has either
purchased or sold Ordinary Shares or an adjustment to the number of Founder Shares has been effected by way of a share dividend or share
capitalization, or a surrender for no consideration or share contribution back to capital, or otherwise, in each case in connection with
such increase or decrease in the size of the Public Offering, then (A) the references to 3,000,000 in the numerator and denominator of
the formula in the first sentence of this paragraph 6 shall be changed to a number equal to 15% of the number of Class A Ordinary Shares
included in the Units issued in the Public Offering and (B) the reference to 750,000 in the formula set forth in the first sentence of
this paragraph 6 shall be adjusted to such number of Founder Shares that the Sponsor would have to collectively return to the Company
in order for all holders of Founder Shares to hold an aggregate of 20% of the Companys issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares after
the Public Offering.

7. The Sponsor and each Insider
hereby agrees and acknowledges that: (i) each of the Underwriters and the Company would be irreparably injured in the event of a breach
by the Sponsor of its obligations (as applicable) under paragraphs 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 8(a) and 8(b) or by each Insider of its obligations
under paragraphs 1, 2, 4, 8(a) and 8(b), (ii) monetary damages may not be an adequate remedy for such breach and (iii) the non-breaching
party shall be entitled to injunctive relief, in addition to any other remedy that such party may have in law or in equity, in the event
of such breach.

3

8. Transfer Restrictions.

(a) Subject to the exceptions
set forth herein, the Sponsor and each Insider agree not to Transfer any Founder Shares or the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion
of the Founder Shares held by it, him or her until the earlier of (i) one year after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier
if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the closing price of the Class A Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted
for share sub-divisions, share consolidations, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading
days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Business Combination and (ii) subsequent to a Business Combination,
the date on which the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results
in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property
(the Lock-up).

(b) Subject to the exceptions
set forth herein, the Sponsor and each Insider agree not to Transfer any Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A Ordinary Shares
issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) held by it, he or she until thirty (30) days after the completion of a Business
Combination.

(c) Notwithstanding the provisions
set forth in paragraphs 8(a) and 8(b), transfers of the Founder Shares (including the Class A Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon
the conversion of the Founder Shares) and Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of
the Private Placement Warrants) that are held by the Sponsor, any Insider or any of their permitted transferees, as applicable (that have
complied with any applicable requirements of this paragraph 8(c)), are permitted (i) to the Companys officers, directors, advisors
or consultants, any affiliate or family member of any of the Companys officers, directors, advisors or consultants, any members
or partners of the Sponsor or their affiliates and funds and accounts advised by such members or partners, any affiliates of the Sponsor,
or any employees of such affiliates, (ii) in the case of an individual, as a gift to such persons immediate family or to a trust,
the beneficiary of which is a member of such persons immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization;
(iii) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of such person; (iv) in the case of an individual,
pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (v) by private sales or transfers made in connection with any forward purchase agreement
or similar arrangement, in connection with an extension of the Completion Window or in connection with the consummation of a Business
Combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares or warrants were originally purchased; (vi) pro rata distributions
from the Sponsor to its respective members, partners or shareholders pursuant to the Sponsors limited liability company agreement
or other charter documents; (vii) by virtue of the laws of the Cayman Islands or the Sponsors limited liability company agreement
upon dissolution of the Sponsor, (viii) in the event of the Companys liquidation prior to consummation of a Business Combination;
(ix) in the event that, subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange
or other similar transaction which results in all of its shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash,
securities or other property or (x) to a nominee or custodian of a person or entity to whom a transfer would be permissible under clauses
(i) through (vii); provided, however, that, in the case of clauses (i) through (vii) and (x), these permitted transferees
must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions herein and the other restrictions contained in
this Agreement (including provisions relating to voting, the Trust Account and liquidating distributions).

9. Each Insiders biographical
information furnished to the Company and the Representative that is included in the Prospectus is true and accurate in all respects and
does not omit any material information with respect to such Insiders background and contains all of the information required to
be disclosed pursuant to Item 401 of Regulation S-K, promulgated under the Securities Act. Each Insiders questionnaire furnished
to the Company and the Representative including any such information that is included in the Prospectus is true and accurate in all respects.
Each Insider represents and warrants that: (i) such Insider is not subject to or a respondent in any legal action for, any injunction,
cease-and-desist order or order or stipulation to desist or refrain from any act or practice relating to the offering of securities in
any jurisdiction; (ii) such Insider has never been convicted of, or pleaded guilty to, any crime (A) involving fraud, (B) relating to
any financial transaction or handling of funds of another person or (C) pertaining to any dealings in any securities and such Insider
is not currently a defendant in any such criminal proceeding; and (iii) none of the Sponsor or any such Insider has ever been suspended
or expelled from membership in any securities or commodities exchange or association or had a securities or commodities license or registration
denied, suspended or revoked.

10. The Sponsor and each
Insider has full right and power, without violating any agreement to which it, he or she is bound (including, without limitation, any
non-competition or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or former employer), to enter into this Letter Agreement and, as applicable,
to serve as an officer of the Company or as a director on the board of directors of the Company and each Insider hereby consents to being
named in the Prospectus as an officer and/or director of the Company, as applicable.

4

11. As used herein, (i) Business
Combination shall mean a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar
business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses or entities; (ii) Founder Shares shall
mean the Class B Ordinary Shares held by the Sponsor prior to the consummation of the Public Offering; (iii) Private Placement
Warrants shall mean the 4,500,000 warrants (including if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) that the Sponsor
has agreed to purchase for an aggregate purchase price of $4,500,000 (including if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), or
$1.00 per warrant, in a private placement that shall occur simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering;; (iv) Public
Shareholders shall mean the holders of Offering Shares other than the Sponsor and the Insiders; (v) Trust
Account shall mean the trust fund into which a portion of the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants shall be deposited and (vi) Transfer shall mean the (a) sale of, offer to sell, contract
or agreement to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant of any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly
or indirectly, or establishment or increase of a put equivalent position or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent
position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder
with any respect to, any security, (b) entry into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of
the economic consequences of ownership of any security, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities,
in cash or otherwise, or (c) public announcement of any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (a) or (b).

12. This Letter Agreement
constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior
understandings, agreements or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to
the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby. This Letter Agreement may not be changed, amended, modified or waived
(other than to correct a typographical error) as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by all parties hereto.
Each of the parties hereto hereby acknowledges and agrees that each Representative is a third-party beneficiary of this Letter Agreement.

13. No party hereto may assign
either this Letter Agreement or any of its rights, interests or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other parties.
Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph 13 shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer or assign any
interest or title to the purported assignee. This Letter Agreement shall be binding on the Sponsor, each Insider and each of their respective
successors, heirs and assigns and permitted transferees.

14. This Letter Agreement
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts
of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The parties hereto (i) all agree
that any action, proceeding, claim or dispute arising out of, or relating in any way to, this Letter Agreement shall be brought and enforced
in the courts of the State of New York located in the City and County of New York, Borough of Manhattan, and irrevocably submit to such
jurisdiction and venue, which jurisdiction and venue shall be exclusive and (ii) waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and
venue or that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

15. Any notice, consent or
request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Letter Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by
express mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or facsimile transmission.

16. This Letter Agreement
shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the Lock-up or (ii) the liquidation of the Company; provided, however,
that this Letter Agreement shall earlier terminate in the event that the Public Offering is not consummated and closed by December 31,
2025; provided, further, that paragraph 5 of this Letter Agreement shall survive such liquidation.

5

Sincerely, 

LIVE OAK SPONSOR V, LLC 

By: /s/ Richard Hendrix 

Name: Richard Hendrix 

Title: Managing Member 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO LETTER AGREEMENT]

INSIDERS: 

/s/ Richard Hendrix 

Name: Richard Hendrix 

/s/ Adam Fishman 

Name: Adam Fishman 

/s/ Ashton Hudson 

Name: Ashton Hudson 

/s/ Jonathan Furer 

Name: Jonathan Furer 

/s/ Andrea Tarbox 

Name: Andrea Tarbox 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO LETTER AGREEMENT] 

Acknowledged and Agreed:

LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. V

By: /s/ Adam Fishman 

Name: Adam Fishman 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO LETTER AGREEMENT]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ea023270601ex10-5_liveoak5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 27, 2025 BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND LIVE OAK MERCHANT PARTNERS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. V

4921 William Arnold Road

Memphis, TN 38117

February 27, 2025

Live Oak Merchant Partners

4921 William Arnold Road

Memphis, TN 38117

Re: Administrative Services Agreement

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter agreement by and between Live Oak
Acquisition Corp. V (the Company) and Live Oak Merchant Partners (the Services Provider),
an affiliate of our sponsor, Live Oak Sponsor V, LLC (Sponsor), dated as of the date hereof, will confirm
our agreement that, commencing on the date the securities of the Company are first listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (the Listing
Date), pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 and prospectus filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Registration Statement) and continuing until the earlier of the consummation by the Company of an initial
business combination and the Companys liquidation (in each case as described in the Registration Statement) (such earlier date
hereinafter referred to as the Termination Date):

(i) The Services Provider shall make available
(or cause other persons to make available) to the Company, at 4921 William Arnold Road, Memphis, TN 38117 (or any successor location of
the Services Provider), certain office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support as may be reasonably required by the
Company. As reimbursement therefor, the Company shall pay the Services Provider (and the Services Provider will receive on behalf of itself
or, to the extent it causes another person to make support available to the Company, as nominee on behalf of such other person) the sum
of $17,500 per month beginning on the Listing Date and continuing monthly thereafter until the Termination Date.

(ii) The Services Provider hereby irrevocably
waives any and all right, title, interest, causes of action and claims of any kind as a result of, or arising out of, this letter agreement
(each, a Claim) in or to, and any and all right to seek payment of any amounts due to it out of, the trust
account established for the benefit of the public shareholders of the Company and into which substantially all of the proceeds of the
Companys initial public offering will be deposited (the Trust Account), and hereby irrevocably waives
any Claim it may have in the future, which Claim would reduce, encumber or otherwise adversely affect the Trust Account or any monies
or other assets in the Trust Account, and further agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction of any Claim against
the Trust Account or any monies or other assets in the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

This letter agreement constitutes the entire agreement
and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of its subject matter and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements or representations
by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions
contemplated hereby.

This letter agreement may not be amended, modified
or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by the parties hereto.

No party hereto may assign either this letter
agreement or any of its rights, interests or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the other party; provided, however,
that the Services Provider may assign this letter agreement, in whole or in part, to Sponsor or any other person that directly, or indirectly
through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, Sponsor without the prior written
approval of the Company. Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to
transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee.

This letter agreement constitutes the entire relationship
of the parties hereto, and any litigation between the parties (whether grounded in contract, tort, statute, law or equity) shall be governed
by, construed in accordance with and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to its choice of
laws principles.

[Signature Page Follows]

Very truly yours, 

LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. V 

By: /s/
Richard Hendrix 

Name: Richard Hendrix 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

2

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED BY: 

LIVE OAK MERCHANT PARTNERS 

By: /s/
Richard Hendrix 

Name: Richard Hendrix 

Title: Co-Founder and Managing Partner 

[Signature Page to Administrative Services
Agreement]

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ea023270601ex10-6_liveoak5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF INDEMNITY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.6

FORM OF INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

THIS INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement)
is made as of February 27, 2025, by and between Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company),
and the undersigned (Indemnitee).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant
to serve publicly-held companies as directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are provided with adequate protection through
insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and
activities on behalf of such companies;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board)
has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at
its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its Subsidiaries (as defined below) from certain liabilities;

WHEREAS, while the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association of the Company provide for the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company, Indemnitee may also be
entitled to indemnification pursuant to applicable Cayman Islands law, and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
(as may be amended from time to time, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association) provide
that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between
the Company and members of the board of directors, officers and other persons with respect to indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration,
advancement and reimbursement rights;

WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to
indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons;

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty
in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Companys shareholders and that the Company
should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future;

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company
contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company so that they will
serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so protected against liabilities;

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance
of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall
not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and

WHEREAS, Indemnitee may not be willing to serve as an officer
or director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity, and Indemnitee is willing to serve,
continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that he or she be so indemnified.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants
contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1. SERVICES TO THE COMPANY. In consideration of the Companys
covenants and obligations hereunder, Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve as an officer, director, advisor, key employee or
any other capacity of the Company, as applicable, for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected or appointed or retained or until Indemnitee
tenders his or her resignation or until Indemnitee is removed. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue in full force
and effect after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director, officer, advisor, key employee or in any other capacity of the Company,
as provided in Section 17. This Agreement, however, shall not impose any obligation on Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitees
service to the Company beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other agreements or commitments of the parties, if any.

2. DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement:

(a) References to agent shall mean
any person who is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company or other person authorized by the
Company to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such capacity as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or other official
of another company, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the request of, for
the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company.

(b) The terms Beneficial Owner and
Beneficial Ownership shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act
(as defined below) as in effect on the date hereof.

(c) Cayman Court shall mean the courts
of the Cayman Islands.

(d) A Change in Control shall be deemed
to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events:

(i) Acquisition of Shares by Third Party. Other than an
affiliate of Live Oak Sponsor V, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor), any Person (as defined
below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifteen percent (15%) or
more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors,
unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a
reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, or (2) such
acquisition was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors (as defined below) and such acquisition would not constitute a Change
in Control under part (iii) of this definition;

(ii) Change in Board of Directors. Individuals who, as
of the date hereof, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Companys
shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors on the date hereof
or whose election for nomination for election was previously so approved (collectively, the Continuing Directors),
cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;

(iii) Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger,
share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more
businesses (a Business Combination), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination: (1) all
or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners of securities entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the combined voting
power of the then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors resulting from such Business
Combination (including, without limitation, a company which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all
of the Companys assets either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership
immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; (2) other
than an affiliate of the Sponsor, no Person (excluding any company resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner,
directly or indirectly, of 15% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the
election of directors of the surviving company except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination; and
(3) at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the company resulting from such Business Combination were Continuing Directors
at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board of Directors, providing for such Business Combination;

(iv) Liquidation. The approval by the shareholders of the
Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of
all or substantially all of the Companys assets, other than factoring the Companys current receivables or escrows due (or,
if such approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction
or a series of related transactions); or

(v) Other Events. There occurs any other event of a nature
that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or any successor rule) (or a response
to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below), whether or not the Company
is then subject to such reporting requirement.

2

(e) Companies Law shall mean the Companies
Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands, as amended from time to time.

(f) Corporate Status describes the
status of a person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent
of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined below) which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company.

(g) Disinterested Director shall mean
a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding (as defined below) in respect of which indemnification is sought
by Indemnitee.

(h) Enterprise shall mean the Company
and any other company, corporation, constituent company or corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation
or merger to which the Company (or any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries) is a party, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture,
trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer,
trustee, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent.

(i) Exchange Act shall mean the United
States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(j) Expenses shall include all direct
and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, all reasonable attorneys
fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, fees of private investigators
and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, fax transmission
charges, secretarial services and all other disbursements, obligations or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing
to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating in,
a Proceeding (as defined below), including reasonable compensation for time spent by the Indemnitee for which he or she is not otherwise
compensated by the Company or any third party. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from
any Proceeding (as defined below), including without limitation the principal, premium, security for, and other costs relating to any
cost bond, supersedes bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by
Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

(k) References to fines shall include
any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit plan.

(l) References to serving at the request of the Company
shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company which imposes
duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary with respect to an employee benefit plan, its
participants or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the best
interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in a manner
not opposed to the best interests of the Company as referred to in this Agreement.

(m) Independent Counsel shall mean
a law firm or a member of a law firm with significant experience in matters of corporation law and that neither presently is, nor in the
past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other
than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements);
or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding (as defined below) giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional
conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine
Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.

(n) The term Person shall have the
meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof; provided, however, that
Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any Subsidiaries of the Company; (iii) any employment benefit
plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders
of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company; and (iv) any trustee or other fiduciary
holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of a corporation
owned directly or indirectly by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of
the Company.

3

(o) The term Proceeding shall include
any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry,
administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise
and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims), criminal, administrative or investigative or related nature,
in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or otherwise by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director
or officer of the Company, by reason of any action (or failure to act) taken by him or her or of any action (or failure to act) on his
or her part while acting as a director or officer of the Company, or by reason of the fact that he or she is or was serving at the request
of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise,
in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement,
or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement.

(p) The term Subsidiary, with respect
to any Person, shall mean any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity of which a majority
of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by that Person.

3. INDEMNITY IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS. To the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company shall indemnify,
hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened
to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the
right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee
shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in
settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments,
fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually, and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his or her behalf in connection
with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed
to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe
that his or her conduct was unlawful.

4. INDEMNITY IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY. To
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the
Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee
was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding by or in the
right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee
shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her on his or her behalf
in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he or she
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration for
Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally
adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that any court in which the Proceeding was brought or the
Cayman Court shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the
case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification, to be held harmless or to exoneration.

4

5. INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY
SUCCESSFUL. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee was or
is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to (or a participant in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise,
in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate
Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful
in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such
Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred
by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. If Indemnitee is not wholly
successful in such Proceeding, the Company also shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses reasonably
incurred in connection with a claim, issue or matter related to any claim, issue, or matter on which Indemnitee was successful. For purposes
of this Section and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or
without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

6. INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS. Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his or her Corporate
Status, a witness or deponent in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee was or is not a party or threatened to be made a party, he or she
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company,
be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf
in connection therewith.

7. ADDITIONAL INDEMNIFICATION, HOLD HARMLESS AND EXONERATION RIGHTS.

(a) Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, except
for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to
be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against
all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or
payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably
incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights shall be available under
this Section 7(a) on account of Indemnitees conduct which constitutes a breach of Indemnitees duty of loyalty
to the Company or its shareholders or is an act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation
of the law.

(b) Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, 5 or 7(a),
except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened
to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against
all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or
payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably
incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding.

5

8. CONTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY.

(a) To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if
the indemnification, hold harmless and/or exoneration rights provided for in this Agreement are unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or
in part for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying, holding harmless or exonerating Indemnitee, shall pay, in the
first instance, the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties, amounts paid or to be
paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment,
and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have at any time against Indemnitee.

(b) The Company shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding
in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for
a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee.

(c) The Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless
and exonerate Indemnitee from any claims for contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company other
than Indemnitee who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee.

9. EXCLUSIONS. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement,
the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnification, advance expenses, hold harmless or exoneration payment
in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee:

(a) for which payment has actually been received by or on behalf
of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity or advancement provision and which payment has not subsequently been returned,
except with respect to any excess beyond the amount actually received under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, other indemnity
or advancement provision or otherwise;

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale
(or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act (or
any successor rule) or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or

(c) except as otherwise provided in Sections 14(f)-(g) hereof,
prior to a Change in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any
Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other
indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the
Company provides the indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the
Company under applicable law.

10. ADVANCES OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM.

(a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary
except for Section 27, and to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Company shall pay the Expenses incurred by
Indemnitee (or reasonably expected by Indemnitee to be incurred by Indemnitee within three months) in connection with any Proceeding within
ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, prior to
the final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be made without regard to Indemnitees
ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to be indemnified, held harmless or exonerated
under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing a Proceeding to
enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances
claimed. To the fullest extent required by applicable law, such payments of Expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding
shall be made only upon the Companys receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of Indemnitee, to repay the advanced amounts to
the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company under the provisions of this
Agreement, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, applicable law or otherwise. This Section 10(a) shall
not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which an indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment is excluded pursuant to Section 9.

(b) The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding
at its own expense.

(c) The Company shall not settle any action, claim or Proceeding
(in whole or in part) which would impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitees prior
written consent.

6

11. PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) Indemnitee agrees to notify promptly the Company in writing
upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding,
claim, issue or matter therein which may be subject to indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights, or advancement of Expenses
covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have
to Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise.

(b) Indemnitee may deliver to the Company a written application
to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with this Agreement. Such application(s) may be delivered from
time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion. Following such a written application
for indemnification by Indemnitee, Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be determined according to Section 12(a) of
this Agreement.

12. PROCEDURE UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) A determination, if required by applicable law, with respect
to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made in the specific case by one of the following methods, which shall be
at the election of Indemnitee: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board,
(ii) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, (iii) if there are no Disinterested Directors
or if such directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee,
or (iv) by vote of the shareholders. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination that
Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been
denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days
after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect
to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request
any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee
and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred
by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective
of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby agrees to indemnify and to hold Indemnitee
harmless therefrom.

(b) In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification
is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12(a) hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided
in this Section 12(b). The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection
be made by the Board), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel
so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined
in Section 2 of this Agreement. If the Independent Counsel is selected by the Board, the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee
advising him or her of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets
the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. In either event, Indemnitee
or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been received, deliver
to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may
be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel
as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion.
Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and
substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or
a court of competent jurisdiction has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by
Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11(b) hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been
selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Cayman Court for resolution of any objection which shall
have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent
Counsel of a person selected by the Cayman Court, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so
appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section (a) hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or
arbitration pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further
responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).

7

(c) The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses
of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify and hold harmless such Independent Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities
and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.

13. PRESUMPTIONS AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS.

(a) In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification
hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such determination shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under
this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 11(b) of this Agreement,
and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity
of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent
Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper
in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including
by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense
to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

(b) If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under
Section 12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within
thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company,
be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee 12 shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee
of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection
with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial determination that any or all such indemnification is expressly prohibited
under applicable law or the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company; provided, however, that such 30-day
period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the person, persons or entity making the
determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating
of documentation and/or information relating thereto.

(c) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or
matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as
otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption
that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests
of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was
unlawful.

(d) For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee
shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise,
including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the directors, manager, or officers of the Enterprise in the
course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee,
general partner, manager or managing member, or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise, its Board, any committee
of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member, by an independent certified public accountant or by
an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner,
manager or managing member. The provisions of this Section 13(d) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way
the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement.

(e) The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other
director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to
Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.

8

14. REMEDIES OF INDEMNITEE.

(a) In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant
to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of
Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the
Company, is not timely made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification
shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the
request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 5, 6, 7 or the last sentence of
Section 12(a) of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) a
contribution payment is not made in a timely manner pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification
pursuant to Section 3 or 4 of this Agreement is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee
is entitled to indemnification, or (vii) payment to Indemnitee pursuant to any hold harmless or exoneration rights under this Agreement
or otherwise is not made in accordance with this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Cayman Court to
such indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or advancement rights. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his or her option,
may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American
Arbitration Association. Except as set forth herein, the provisions of Cayman Islands law (without regard to its conflict of laws rules)
shall apply to any such arbitration. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration.

(b) In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant
to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration
commenced pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee
shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination.

(c) In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant
to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated to receive advancement
of Expenses under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, held harmless,
exonerated and to receive advancement of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to or introduce into evidence any
determination pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial
proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances
pursuant to Section 10 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as
to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed).

(d) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of
this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding
or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission
of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification,
or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law.

(e) The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial
proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid,
binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions
of this Agreement.

(f) The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee to
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company against
all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the Companys receipt of such written request)
pay to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
of the Company, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any judicial proceeding or arbitration brought by Indemnitee:
(i) to enforce his or her rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any other indemnification, hold harmless,
exoneration, advancement or contribution agreement or provision of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association now
or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained by any person for the benefit of Indemnitee,
regardless of the outcome and whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration
right, advancement, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case may be (unless such judicial proceeding or arbitration was not brought
by Indemnitee in good faith).

9

(g) Interest shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at the
legal rate under New York law for amounts which the Company indemnifies, holds harmless or exonerates, or advances, or is obliged to indemnify,
hold harmless or exonerate or advance for the period commencing with the date on which Indemnitee requests indemnification, to be held
harmless, exonerated, contribution, reimbursement or advancement of any Expenses and ending with the date on which such payment is made
to Indemnitee by the Company.

15. SECURITY. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
except for Section 27, to the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time
to time provide security to Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded
trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent
of Indemnitee.

16. NON-EXCLUSIVITY; SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION.

(a) The rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement shall
not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association, any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment,
alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement
in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) or claim, issue or matter
therein arising out of, or related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his or her Corporate Status prior to such amendment,
alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification,
hold harmless or exoneration rights or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association or this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the
greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy,
and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter
existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent
the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

(b) The Companies Law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association permit the Company to purchase and maintain insurance or furnish similar protection or make other arrangements
including, but not limited to, providing a trust fund, letter of credit, or surety bond (Indemnification Arrangements)
on behalf of Indemnitee against any liability asserted against him or her or incurred by or on behalf of him or her or in such capacity
as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Company would
have the power to indemnify him or her against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement or under the Companies Law, as it
may then be in effect. The purchase, establishment, and maintenance of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way limit
or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or of Indemnitee under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein, and the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations
of the Company or the other party or parties thereto under any such Indemnification Arrangement.

(c) To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy
or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, trustees, partners, managers, managing members, fiduciaries, employees,
or agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered
by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director,
officer, trustee, partner, managers, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent under such policy or policies. If, at the time the
Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or
otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding
to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary
or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance
with the terms of such policies.

10

(d) In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company,
shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, including with respect to any insurance.
The Indemnitee shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such 16 rights, including execution of such documents
as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. No such payment by the Company shall be deemed to relieve
any insurer of its obligations.

(e) The Companys obligation to indemnify, hold harmless,
exonerate or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee,
partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has
actually received as indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payments or advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, (i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce,
offset, allocate, pursue or apportion any indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage
among multiple parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the Companys satisfaction and performance of all its obligations
under this Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall perform fully its obligations under this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee
holds, may pursue or has pursued any indemnification, advancement, hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or insurance coverage rights
against any person or entity other than the Company.

(f) Notwithstanding anything contained herein, the Company is
the primary indemnitor, and any indemnification or advancement obligation of the Sponsor or its affiliates is secondary.

17. DURATION OF AGREEMENT. All agreements and obligations of
the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as a director or officer of the Company or as a director,
officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the request of the Company and shall continue thereafter so
long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by
Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement) by reason of his or her Corporate Status, whether or not he or she is acting
in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or advancement can be provided under this
Agreement.

18. SEVERABILITY. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement
shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of
the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this
Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable)
shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and
the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed
reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and
(c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section,
paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself
invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.

19. ENFORCEMENT AND BINDING EFFECT.

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered
into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer or
key employee of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director, officer
or key employee of the Company.

(b) Without limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company as they may be amended from time to time, this Agreement constitutes
the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings,
oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.

11

(c) The indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration and advancement
of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and
their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to
all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director,
officer, employee or agent of the Company or a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee
or agent of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his or her spouse, assigns,
heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives.

(d) The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether
direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or
assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform
this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken
place.

(e) The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy
for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such
breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, enforce this Agreement by seeking,
among other things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable
harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining
any other relief to which he or she may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be entitled to such specific
performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without
the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver,
a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by a court of competent jurisdiction, Company hereby waives any such requirement of
such a bond or undertaking to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
of the Company.

20. MODIFICATION AND WAIVER. No supplement, modification or
amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Company and Indemnitee. No waiver of any of the provisions
of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute
a continuing waiver.

21. NOTICES. All notices, requests, demands and other communications
under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) if delivered by hand and receipted for by
the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with
postage prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which it is so mailed:

(a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature
page of this Agreement, or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide in writing to the Company.

12

(b) If to the Company, to:

Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V

4921 William Arnold Road

Memphis, TN 38117

Attn: Richard Hendrix

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP

1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th
Floor

New York, New York 10105

Attn: Stuart Neuhauser, Esq.

or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee in
writing by the Company.

22. APPLICABLE LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. This Agreement
and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of
New York, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14(a) of
this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
of the Company, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising
out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Cayman Court and not in any other state or federal court in the
United States of America or any court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Cayman Court
for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; (c) waive any objection to the laying
of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Cayman Court; and (d) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any
such action or proceeding brought in the Cayman Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in whole or
in part) to a jury trial. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
of the Company, the parties hereby agree that the mailing of process and other papers in connection with any such action or proceeding
in the manner provided by Section 21 or in such other manner as may be permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association of the Company, shall be valid and sufficient service thereof.

23. IDENTICAL COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in
one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute
one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to
evidence the existence of this Agreement.

24. MISCELLANEOUS. Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed
to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience
only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

25. PERIOD OF LIMITATIONS. No legal action shall be brought
and no cause of action shall be asserted by or in the right of the Company against Indemnitee, Indemnitees spouse, heirs,
executors or personal or legal representatives after the expiration of two years from the date of accrual of such cause of action, and
any claim or cause of action of the Company shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted by the timely filing of a legal
action within such two-year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitations is otherwise applicable to any such cause
of action such shorter period shall govern.

26. ADDITIONAL ACTS. If for the validation of any of the provisions
in this Agreement any act, resolution, approval or other procedure is required to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company undertakes to cause such act, resolution, approval
or other procedure to be affected or adopted in a manner that will enable the Company to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement.

27. WAIVER OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT. Indemnitee hereby agrees
that he or she does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim) in or to any
monies in the trust account established in connection with the Companys initial public offering for the benefit of the Company
and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby waives any Claim he or she may have in the future as a result of, or arising
out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against such trust account for any reason whatsoever.

13

28. MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE. The Company shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee
under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the officers/directors of the Company
with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification obligations
under this Agreement. The Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum
extent of the coverage available for any such director or officer under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, the Indemnitee
shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide the Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most
favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers.

29. INTERPRETATION

In this Agreement:

(a) words importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa; words importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender; words importing persons include corporations as well as any other legal or natural person;

(b) written and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words in visible form, including in the form of an Electronic Record;

(e) shall shall be construed as imperative and may shall be construed as permissive;

(f) references to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references to those provisions as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced;

(g) any phrase introduced by the terms including, include, in particular or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms;

(h) the term and/or is used herein to mean both and as well as or. The use of and/or in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies the use of the terms and or or in others. The term or shall not be interpreted to be exclusive and the term and shall not be interpreted to require the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise requires);

(i) headings are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in construing this Agreement;

(j) any requirements as to delivery under this Agreement include delivery in the form of an electronic record (as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised));

(k) any requirements as to execution or signature under this Agreement including the execution of this Agreement itself can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature (as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised));

(l) sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised) shall not apply.

[Signature Page Follows]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indemnity
Agreement to be signed as of the day and year first above written.

LIVE OAK ACQUISITION CORP. V

By: 

Name: Richard Hendrix 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

INDEMNITEE 

By: 

Name: 

Address: 

[Signature page - Indemnity Agreement]

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ea023270601ex99-1_liveoak5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED FEBRUARY 27, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Live Oak Acquisition
Corp. V Announces the Pricing of $200,000,000 Initial Public Offering

New York, NY, February 27, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE)
Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V (the Company) announced today the pricing of its initial public offering of
20,000,000 units. The units are expected to be listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (Nasdaq) and begin trading tomorrow, February
28, 2025 under the ticker symbol LOKVU. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable
warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject
to adjustment. Only whole warrants are exercisable. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole
warrants will trade. The warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of the Companys initial business combination,
and will expire five years after the completion of the Companys initial business combination or earlier upon redemption or
its liquidation. Once the securities constituting the units begin separate trading, the Class A ordinary shares and warrants are
expected to be listed on Nasdaq under the symbols LOKV and LOKVW, respectively. The offering is expected to
close on March 3, 2025, subject to customary closing conditions. The Company has granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up
to an additional 3,000,000 units at the initial public offering price to cover over-allotments, if any.

The Company is a blank check company formed for
the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business
combination with one or more businesses. The Company may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business or industry. The Companys
management team is led by Richard Hendrix, its Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and the co-founder of Live Oak Merchant Partners
(Live Oak), and Adam Fishman, its President, Chief Financial Officer, Director and a Managing Partner of Live Oak. The Board
also includes Ashton Hudson, Jonathan Furer and Andrea Tarbox. Gary Wunderlich, Jr. will serve as a Senior Advisor.

Santander US Capital Markets LLC is acting as
the sole underwriter for the offering.

The offering is being made only by means of a
prospectus. When available, copies of the prospectus may be obtained from Santander US Capital Markets LLC, 437 Madison Avenue, New York,
NY 10022, Attention: ECM Syndicate, by email at equity-syndicate@santander.us, or by telephone at 833-818-1602. A registration statement
relating to the securities has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and became effective on
February 27, 2025. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be
any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration
or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains statements that constitute
forward-looking statements, including with respect to the proposed initial public offering and search for an initial business
combination. No assurance can be given that the offering discussed above will be completed on the terms described, or at all.

Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous
conditions, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, including those set forth in the Risk Factors section of
the Companys registration statement and prospectus for the Companys initial public offering filed with the SEC. Copies of
these documents are available on the SECs website, www.sec.gov. The Company
undertakes no obligation to update these statements for revisions or changes after the date of this release, except as required by law.

Investor Contacts

Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V

4921 William Arnold Road

Memphis, Tennessee 38117

Attn: Adam Fishman

E-mail:IR@liveoakmp.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ea023270601ex99-2_liveoak5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED MARCH 3, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Live Oak Acquisition
Corp. V Completes $230,000,000 Initial Public Offering

New York, NY, March 03, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE)
-- Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V (the Company) announced today the closing of its initial public offering of 23,000,000
units, which includes 3,000,000 units issued pursuant to the exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in full. The
offering was priced at $10.00 per unit, resulting in gross proceeds of $230,000,000. The Companys units began trading on February
28, 2025 on the Nasdaq Global Market (Nasdaq) under the ticker symbol LOKVU. Each unit consists of one Class
A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A
ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Only whole warrants are exercisable. No fractional warrants will
be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. The warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the
completion of the Companys initial business combination, and will expire five years after the completion of the Companys
initial business combination or earlier upon redemption or its liquidation. Once the securities constituting the units begin separate
trading, the Class A ordinary shares and warrants are expected to be listed on Nasdaq under the symbols LOKV and LOKVW,
respectively.

Of the proceeds received from the consummation
of the initial public offering and a simultaneous private placement of warrants, $231,150,000 (or $10.05 per unit sold in the offering)
was placed in a trust account of the Company.

The Company is a blank check company formed for
the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business
combination with one or more businesses. The Company may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business or industry. The Companys
management team is led by Richard Hendrix, its Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and the co-founder of Live Oak Merchant Partners
(Live Oak), and Adam Fishman, its President, Chief Financial Officer, Director and a Managing Partner of Live Oak. The Board
also includes Ashton Hudson, Jonathan Furer and Andrea Tarbox. Gary Wunderlich, Jr. will serve as a Senior Advisor.

Santander acted as the
sole underwriter for the offering.

The offering was made by means of a prospectus.
Copies of the prospectus may be obtained from Santander US Capital Markets LLC, 437 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10022, Attention: ECM
Syndicate, by email at equity-syndicate@santander.us, or by telephone at 833-818-1602. A registration statement relating to the securities
was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on February 27, 2025. This press release
shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state
or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities
laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains statements that constitute
forward-looking statements, including with respect to the proposed initial public offering and search for an initial business
combination. No assurance can be given that the offering discussed above will be completed on the terms described, or at all.

Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous
conditions, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, including those set forth in the Risk Factors section of
the Companys registration statement and prospectus for the Companys initial public offering filed with the SEC. Copies of
these documents are available on the SECs website, www.sec.gov. The Company
undertakes no obligation to update these statements for revisions or changes after the date of this release, except as required by law.

Investor Contacts

Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V

4921 William Arnold Road

Memphis, Tennessee 38117

Attn: Adam Fishman

E-mail:IR@liveoakmp.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>lokv-20250227.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>lokv-20250227_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>lokv-20250227_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant 

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>lokv-20250227_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ex3-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 27, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 27, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-42540

Entity Registrant Name Live Oak Acquisition
Corp. V

Entity Central Index Key 0002048951

Entity Tax Identification Number 61-2235506

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 4921
William Arnold Road

Entity Address, City or Town Memphis

Entity Address, State or Province TN

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 38117

City Area Code 901

Local Phone Number 270-3107

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant

Trading Symbol LOKVU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol LOKV

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol LOKVW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=LOKV_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=LOKV_ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=LOKV_WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
4 
24 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://liveoak5.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0232706-8k_liveoak5.htm 
lokv-20250227.xsd 
lokv-20250227_def.xml 
lokv-20250227_lab.xml 
lokv-20250227_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-019604-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>ea0232706-8k_liveoak5_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002048951 

2025-02-27 
2025-02-27 

0002048951 

LOKV:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 

2025-02-27 
2025-02-27 

0002048951 

LOKV:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-02-27 
2025-02-27 

0002048951 

LOKV:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2025-02-27 
2025-02-27 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0002048951 
8-K 
2025-02-27 
Live Oak Acquisition Corp. V 
E9 
001-42540 
61-2235506 
4921 William Arnold Road 
Memphis 
TN 
38117 
901 
270-3107 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant 
LOKVU 
NASDAQ 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
LOKV 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
LOKVW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>