<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-038096.txt : 20250423
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-038096.hdr.sgml : 20250423
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250423172225
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-038096
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250423
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250423
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250423

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rezolute, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001509261
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				273440894
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39683
		FILM NUMBER:		25862754

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		275 SHORELINE DRIVE, SUITE 500
		CITY:			REDWOOD CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94065
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-206-4507

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		275 SHORELINE DRIVE, SUITE 500
		CITY:			REDWOOD CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94065

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AntriaBio, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FITS MY STYLE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110104
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2512716d3_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000150926100015092612025-04-232025-04-23iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event
reported): April 23, 2025

REZOLUTE, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Nevada 001-39683 27-3440894

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

275 Shoreline Drive, Suite 500, Redwood
City, CA94065

(Address of Principal Executive Offices,
and Zip Code)

650-206-4507

Registrants Telephone Number, Including
Area Code

Not Applicable

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction
A.2. below):

Written communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share RZLT Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405 of this
chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Registered Direct Offering

On April 23, 2025, Rezolute, Inc. (the Company)
entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with Guggenheim Securities, LLC (Guggenheim
Securities), as representative of the underwriters listed therein (the Underwriters), relating to the
issuance and sale in a registered direct offering (the Registered Direct Offering) by the Company of (i) 20,786,923
shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock),
at an offering price of $3.25 per share, and (ii) pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants) to purchase up to
6,905,385 shares of Common Stock at an offering price of $3.249 per Pre-Funded Warrant, which represents the per share offering price
for the Shares less the $0.001 per share exercise price for each Pre-Funded Warrant. In addition, the Company has also granted the Underwriters
an option for a period of 30 days to purchase up to an additional 4,153,846 shares of Common Stock (the Option Shares)
at the offering price (the Option).

The Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants and the Option Shares in the Registered
Direct Offering are being offered pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-275562), as amended (the Registration
Statement), which was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on November
29, 2023 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

The closing of the Registered Direct Offering is expected to occur
on or about April 24, 2025, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions. The estimated net proceeds of the Registered Direct
Offering to the Company, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by the Company, are
approximately $84.2 million. If the Option is exercised in full, the net proceeds to the Company will be approximately $96.9
million. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Registered Direct Offering to fund research and development and for working
capital and general corporate purposes.

The Underwriting Agreement contains customary
representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations of the Company
and the Underwriters, including for liabilities under the Securities Act, and other obligations of the parties and termination provisions.
The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Underwriting Agreement were made only for purposes of such agreement and
as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the
contracting parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures exchanged between the parties in connection with the execution
of the Underwriting Agreement.

Subject to certain exceptions, the Companys executive officers
and directors and certain of the Companys stockholders agreed not to sell or otherwise dispose of any of the shares of Common Stock
held by them for a period beginning on the date of execution of the applicable lock-up agreements by each such executive officer, director
and stockholder and ending 90 days after the date of the final prospectus supplement filed with the SEC in connection with the Registered
Direct Offering pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act without first obtaining the written consent of Guggenheim Securities.

The Pre-Funded Warrants offered in the Registered Direct Offering have
an exercise price of $0.001 per share, which is subject to adjustment in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock
splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting the shares of Common Stock and also upon any distributions for
no consideration of assets to the Company's stockholders. Each Pre-Funded Warrant is exercisable at any time and from time to time after
issuance. In the event of certain fundamental transactions, the holders of the Pre-Funded Warrants will be entitled to receive, upon exercise
of the Pre-Funded Warrants, the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property that the holders would have received had they exercised
the Pre-Funded Warrants immediately prior to such transaction. The Pre-Funded Warrants do not entitle the holders thereof to any voting
rights or any of the other rights or privileges to which holders of Common Stock are entitled. The Company may not effect the exercise
of any Pre-Funded Warrants, and a holder will not be entitled to exercise any portion of any Pre-Funded Warrant that, upon giving effect
to such exercise, would result in: (i) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such holder (together with
its affiliates) to exceed 4.99% (or, at the election of the holder, up to 19.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the exercise, or (ii) the combined voting power of the Companys securities beneficially owned
by such holder (together with its affiliates) to exceed 4.99% (or, at the election of the holder, up to 19.99%) of the combined voting
power of all of the Companys securities then outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as such percentage ownership
is determined in accordance with the terms of the Pre-Funded Warrants, which percentage may be changed at the holders election
to a higher or lower percentage not in excess of 19.99% upon at least 61 days notice to the Company. The foregoing summary of the
Pre-Funded Warrants does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the form of Pre-Funded Warrant,
which is filed herewith as Exhibit 4.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

The foregoing summary of the Underwriting Agreement does not purport
to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the Underwriting Agreement, which is filed herewith as Exhibit 1.1
and incorporated herein by reference.

A copy of the opinion of Dorsey & Whitney LLP relating to the legality
of the issuance and sale of the Shares, Option Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants offered in the Registered Direct Offering, and shares of
Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants offered in the Registered Direct Offering, is attached as Exhibit 5.1
hereto and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information under Item 8.01 of this Current
Report on Form 8-K regarding the Private Placement is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On April 23, 2025, the Company issued a press
release announcing the pricing of the Registered Direct Offering. A copy of the Registered Direct Offering press release is attached hereto
as Exhibit 99.1.

The information in Item 7.01 of this Current Report
on Form 8-K, including the attached Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished pursuant to Item 7.01 and shall not be deemed to be filed
for any purpose of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise
subject to the liabilities of such Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of the Company's filings
under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, and regardless of any general incorporation
language in such filings, except to the extent expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

Private Placement

In a transaction separate from the Registered Direct Offering, certain
insiders of the Company have agreed to purchase up to $10,000,000 of shares of Common Stock at a price of $3.25 per share, which reflects
the Registered Direct Offering price (the Private Placement) which exceeds the definition of market value for Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5635(c) purposes. The shares of Common Stock offered in the Private Placement were offered pursuant to an exemption from
registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The closing of the Private Placement will take place upon satisfaction of certain
closing conditions to be determined. 

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated as of April 23, 2025, by and between the Company and Guggenheim Securities, LLC

4.1 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant 

5.1 Opinion of Dorsey & Whitney LLP

23.1 Consent of Dorsey & Whitney LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)

99.1 Press Release, dated April 23, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL)

Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K may contain forward-looking
statements made in reliance upon the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements include all statements that do not relate solely to historical or current facts, and
can be identified by the use of words such as may, will, expect, project, estimate,
anticipate, plan, believe, potential, should, continue
or the negative versions of those words or other comparable words. These forward-looking statements include statements about the closing
of the Private Placement and the anticipated use of proceeds of the offerings. These forward-looking statements are based on information
currently available to the Company and its current plans or expectations, and are subject to a number of uncertainties and risks that
could significantly affect current plans. Actual results and performance could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking
statements as a result of many factors, including the uncertainties related to market conditions and the completion of the offerings on
the anticipated terms or at all. The Companys forward-looking statements also involve assumptions that, if they prove incorrect,
would cause its results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These and other risks
concerning the Companys business are described in additional detail in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2024, in the Companys Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2024 and in the Companys other reports filed with the SEC. The Company is under no obligation to, and expressly disclaims any
such obligation to, update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

REZOLUTE, INC.

DATE: April 23, 2025 By: /s/ Nevan Charles Elam

Nevan Charles Elam

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2512716d3_ex1-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

Execution Version

20,786,923 Shares of Common Stock

and

Pre-Funded Warrants to Purchase 6,905,385 Shares
of Common Stock

Rezolute, Inc.

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

April 23,
2025

Guggenheim Securities,
LLC

As Representative of the Several Underwriters

Guggenheim Securities, LLC

330 Madison Avenue

New York, NY 10017

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Introductory.
Rezolute, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), proposes to issue and sell to the several underwriters named
in Schedule A (the Underwriters) (i) an aggregate of 20,786,923 shares of its common stock, par value
$0.001 per share (the Common Stock), and (ii) pre-funded warrants of the Company (in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit C) to purchase up to 6,905,385 shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants). The 20,786,923 shares
of Common Stock to be sold by the Company are called the Firm Shares. As used herein Warrant Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants. In addition, the Company has granted to the Underwriters
an option to purchase up to an additional 4,153,846 shares of Common Stock (the Optional Shares). The Firm Shares
and, if and to the extent such option is exercised, the Optional Shares are collectively called the Offered Shares.
The Offered Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants to be sold by the Company are collectively referred to as the Securities.
Guggenheim Securities, LLC (Guggenheim Securities) has agreed to act as representative of the several Underwriters
(in such capacity, the Representative) in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities. To the extent
there are no additional underwriters listed on Schedule A, the term Representative as used herein shall mean you,
as Underwriter, and the term Underwriters shall mean either the singular or the plural, as the context requires.

The
Company has prepared and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a shelf registration
statement on Form S-3, as amended, File No. 333-275562, including a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus),
covering the Securities and the Warrant Shares, to be used in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities. Such registration
statement, as amended, including the financial statements, exhibits and schedules thereto, in the form in which it became effective under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Securities
Act), including all documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein and any information deemed to
be a part thereof at the time of effectiveness pursuant to Rule 430B under the Securities Act, is called the Registration
Statement. Any registration statement filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act in connection
with the offer and sale of the Securities is called the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, and from and
after the date and time of filing of any such Rule 462(b) Registration Statement the term Registration Statement
shall include the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement. The preliminary prospectus supplement dated April 22, 2025 describing
the Securities and the offering thereof (the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement), together with the Base Prospectus,
is called the Preliminary Prospectus, and the Preliminary Prospectus and any other prospectus supplement to the Base
Prospectus in preliminary form that describes the Securities and the offering thereof and is used prior to the filing of the Prospectus
(as defined below), together with the Base Prospectus, is called a preliminary prospectus. As used herein, the term
Prospectus shall mean the final prospectus supplement to the Base Prospectus that describes the Securities and the
offering thereof (the Final Prospectus Supplement), together with the Base Prospectus, in the form first used by
the Underwriters to confirm sales of the Securities or in the form first made available to the Underwriters by the Company to meet requests
of purchasers pursuant to Rule 173 under the Securities Act. References herein to the Preliminary Prospectus, any preliminary prospectus
and the Prospectus shall refer to both the prospectus supplement and the Base Prospectus components of such prospectus. As used herein,
Applicable Time is 8:00 a.m. (New York City time) on April 23, 2025. As used herein, free
writing prospectus has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act, and Time of Sale Prospectus
means the Preliminary Prospectus, as amended or supplemented immediately prior to the Applicable Time, together with the free writing
prospectuses, if any, identified in Schedule B hereto. As used herein, Road Show means a road show
(as defined in Rule 433 under the Securities Act) relating to the offering of the Securities contemplated hereby that is a written
communication (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act); and Marketing Materials means any materials
or information provided, presented or transmitted simultaneously to investors by the Company in connection with the marketing of the offering
of the Securities, including any roadshow or investor presentations made to investors by the Company (whether in-person or electronically).

All references in this Agreement
to the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus, the Base Prospectus and the Prospectus shall include the documents incorporated
or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein. All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information
which are contained, included or stated in, or part of the Registration Statement,
the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus, the Base Prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus or the
Prospectus, and all other references of like import, shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and
other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Rule 462(b) Registration
Statement, any preliminary prospectus, the Base Prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus, as the case may be.

All references in this Agreement
to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus, the Base Prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus
or the Prospectus shall be deemed to mean and include the filing of any document under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Exchange Act) that is or is deemed to
be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus, the Base Prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus
or the Prospectus, as the case may be. All references in this Agreement to (i) the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus,
the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus, any amendments or supplements to any of the foregoing, or any free writing prospectus, shall include
any copy thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR)
and (ii) the Prospectus shall be deemed to include any electronic Prospectus provided for use in connection with the
offering of the Securities as contemplated by Section 3(m) of this Agreement.

2

The Company hereby confirms
its agreements with the Underwriters as follows:

Section 1. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby represents, warrants and covenants to each Underwriter, as of the date of
this Agreement, as of the First Closing Date (as hereinafter defined) and as of each Option Closing Date (as hereinafter defined), if
any, as follows:

(a) Compliance
with Registration Requirements. The Registration Statement has become effective under the Securities Act. The Company has
complied, to the Commissions satisfaction, with all requests of the Commission for additional or supplemental information, if any.
No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement is in effect and no proceedings for such purpose have been instituted
or are pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, are contemplated or threatened by the Commission. At the time the Companys
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024 (the Annual Report) was filed with the Commission,
or, if later, at the time the Registration Statement was originally filed with the Commission, the Company met the then-applicable requirements
for use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus, at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, or became
effective under the Exchange Act, as the case may be, complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange
Act.

(b) Disclosure.
Each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus when filed complied in all material respects with the Securities Act and, if filed by electronic
transmission pursuant to EDGAR, was identical (except as may be permitted by Regulation S-T under the Securities Act) to the copy thereof
delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Securities. Each of the Registration Statement and
any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became or becomes effective, complied and will comply in all material respects with
the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. As of the Applicable Time, the Time of Sale Prospectus
did not, and at the First Closing Date (as defined in Section 2) and at each applicable Option Closing Date (as defined in Section 2),
will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Prospectus, as of its date, did not, and at the First Closing
Date and at each applicable Option Closing Date, will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The representations and warranties set forth in the three immediately preceding sentences do not apply to statements in or omissions from
the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, or the Prospectus or the Time of Sale Prospectus, or any amendments
or supplements thereto, made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the
Company in writing by the Representative expressly for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information consists
of the information described in Section 9(b) below. There are no contracts or other documents required to be described
in the Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus or to be filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement which have not been described
or filed as required.

3

(c) Free
Writing Prospectuses; Road Show. As of the determination date referenced in Rule 164(h) under the Securities
Act, the Company was not, is not or will not be (as applicable) an ineligible issuer in connection with the offering of
the Securities pursuant to Rules 164, 405 and 433 under the Securities Act. Each free writing prospectus that the Company is required
to file pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act has been, or will be, filed with the Commission in accordance with
the requirements of the Securities Act. Each free writing prospectus that the Company has filed, or is required to file, pursuant to Rule 433(d) under
the Securities Act or that was prepared by or on behalf of or used or referred to by the Company complies or will comply in all material
respects with the requirements of Rule 433 under the Securities Act, including timely filing with the Commission, retention and legending,
as applicable, and each such free writing prospectus, as of its issue date and at all subsequent times through the completion of the offer
and sale of the Securities did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the
information contained in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any preliminary prospectus unless such information has been superseded
or modified as of such time. Except for the free writing prospectuses, if any, identified in Schedule B, and electronic road shows, if
any, furnished to you before first use, the Company has not prepared, used or referred to, and will not, without your prior written consent,
prepare, use or refer to, any free writing prospectus. Each Road Show, when considered together with the Time of Sale Prospectus, did
not, as of the Applicable Time, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(d) Distribution
of Offering Material By the Company. Prior to the later of (i) the expiration or termination of the option granted
to the several Underwriters in Section 2 and (ii) the completion of the Underwriters distribution of the Securities,
the Company has not distributed and will not distribute any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities
other than the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus, the Prospectus or any free writing prospectus reviewed and consented
to by the Representative, the free writing prospectuses, if any, identified on Schedule B hereto.

(e) The
Underwriting Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company.

(f) Authorization
of the Securities. The Offered Shares have been duly authorized for issuance and sale pursuant to this Agreement and, when
issued and delivered by the Company against payment therefor pursuant to this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable,
and the issuance and sale of the Offered Shares is not subject to any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights
to subscribe for or purchase the Offered Shares. The Pre-Funded Warrants have been duly authorized by the Company and, when executed and
delivered by the Company, will be valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their
terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating
to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors or by general equitable principles. The Warrant Shares have been duly authorized
and validly reserved for issuance upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants in a number sufficient to meet the current exercise requirements.
The Warrant Shares, when issued and delivered upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants in accordance therewith, will be validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable, and the issuance of the Warrant Shares is not subject to any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal
or other similar rights to subscribe for or purchase the Warrant Shares.

4

(g) No
Applicable Registration or Other Similar Rights. There are no persons with registration or other similar rights to have
any equity or debt securities registered for sale under the Registration Statement or included in the offering contemplated by this Agreement,
except for such rights as have been duly waived.

(h) No
Material Adverse Change. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the
Prospectus, subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus
and the Prospectus: (i) there has been no material adverse change, or any development that could be expected to result in a material
adverse change, in (A) the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business, properties, operations, operating results,
assets, liabilities or prospects, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, of the Company and its
subsidiaries, considered as one entity or (B) the ability of the Company to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
or perform its obligations hereunder (any such change being referred to herein as a Material Adverse Change); (ii) the
Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one entity, have not incurred any material liability or obligation, indirect, direct or contingent,
including without limitation any losses or interference with their business from fire, explosion, flood, earthquakes, accident or other
calamity, whether or not covered by insurance, or from any strike, labor dispute or court or governmental action, order or decree, that
are material, individually or in the aggregate, to the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one entity, and have not entered into
any transactions not in the ordinary course of business; and (iii) there has not been any material decrease in the capital stock
or any material increase in any short-term or long-term indebtedness of the Company or its subsidiaries and there has been no dividend
or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made by the Company or, except for dividends paid to the Company or other subsidiaries,
by any of the Companys subsidiaries on any class of capital stock, or any repurchase or redemption by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries of any class of capital stock.

(i) Independent
Accountants. Each of (a) Grant Thornton LLP, which has expressed its opinion with respect to certain financial statements
(which term as used in this Agreement includes the related notes thereto) filed with the Commission as a part of the Registration Statement,
the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus, and (b) Plante & Moran, PLLC, which has expressed its opinion with respect
to certain financial statements (which term as used in this Agreement includes the related notes thereto) filed with the Commission as
a part of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus, is (i) an independent registered public accounting
firm as required by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, and the rules of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB),
(ii) in compliance with the applicable requirements relating to the qualification of accountants under Rule 2-01 of Regulation
S-X under the Securities Act and (iii) a registered public accounting firm as defined by the PCAOB whose registration has not been
suspended or revoked and who has not requested such registration to be withdrawn.

5

(j) Financial
Statements. The financial statements filed with the Commission as a part of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale
Prospectus and the Prospectus present fairly the consolidated financial position of the Company and its subsidiaries as of the dates indicated
and the results of their operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the periods specified. Such financial statements
have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved,
except as may be expressly stated in the related notes thereto. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included
or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has
been prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. No other financial statements or
supporting schedules are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus. Any disclosures
contained in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus and any free writing prospectus that constitute non-GAAP
financial measures (as defined by the rules and regulations under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act) comply with Regulation
G under the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, as applicable. To the Companys knowledge, no person
who has been suspended or barred from being associated with a registered public accounting firm, or who has failed to comply with any
sanction pursuant to Rule 5300 promulgated by the PCAOB, has participated in or otherwise aided the preparation of, or audited, the
financial statements, supporting schedules or other financial data filed with the Commission as a part of the Registration Statement,
the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus. There are no financial statements (historical or pro forma) that are required to be included
in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus that are not so included as required.

(k) Companys
Accounting System. The Company and each of its subsidiaries make and keep accurate books and records and maintain a system
of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with
managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain accountability for assets; (iii) access to
assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences; and
(v) the interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement,
the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and is prepared in
accordance with the Commission's rules and guidelines applicable thereto.

(l) Disclosure
Controls and Procedures; Deficiencies in or Changes to Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. The Company has established
and maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act), which (i) are
designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to the Companys
principal executive officer and its principal financial officer by others within those entities, particularly during the periods in which
the periodic reports required under the Exchange Act are being prepared; (ii) have been evaluated by management of the Company for
effectiveness as of the end of the Companys most recent fiscal quarter; and (iii) are effective in all material respects to
perform the functions for which they were established. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus
and the Prospectus, including the documents incorporated by reference therein, there have been no significant deficiencies or material
weakness in the Companys internal control over financial reporting (whether or not remediated) and no change in the Companys
internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys
internal control over financial reporting since the end of the Companys most recent audited fiscal year. The Company is not aware
of any change in its internal control over financial reporting that has occurred during its most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting.

6

(m) Incorporation
and Good Standing of the Company. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has the corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its
properties and to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus and
to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement. The Company is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business
and is in good standing in the State of Nevada and each other jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason
of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would
not, individually or in the aggregate, result a Material Adverse Change.

(n) Subsidiaries.
Each of the Companys subsidiaries (for purposes of this Agreement, as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities
Act) has been duly incorporated or organized, as the case may be, and is validly existing as a corporation, partnership or limited liability
company, as applicable, in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization and has the power and
authority (corporate or other) to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement,
the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not, individually
or in the aggregate, result a Material Adverse Change. Each of the Companys subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation,
partnership or limited liability company, as applicable, to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such
qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business. All of the issued and
outstanding capital stock or other equity or ownership interests of each of the Companys subsidiaries have been duly authorized
and validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and are owned by the Company, directly or through subsidiaries, free and clear of
any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance or adverse claim. None of the outstanding capital stock or equity interest
in any subsidiary was issued in violation of preemptive or similar rights of any security holder of such subsidiary. The constitutive
or organizational documents of each of the subsidiaries comply in all material respects with the requirements of applicable laws of its
jurisdiction of incorporation or organization and are in full force and effect. The Company does not own or control, directly or indirectly,
any corporation, association or other entity other than the subsidiaries listed in Exhibit 21 to the Companys Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024.

7

(o) Capitalization
and Other Capital Stock Matters. The authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company is as set forth in
the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus under the caption Capitalization (other than
for subsequent issuances, if any, pursuant to employee benefit plans, upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants, or as otherwise
described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus). The Offered Shares (including the Warrant Shares)
and the Pre-Funded Warrants conform in all material respects to the description thereof contained in the Time of Sale Prospectus. All
of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and
have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws. None of the outstanding shares of Common Stock was issued in
violation of any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities of the Company.
There are no authorized or outstanding options, warrants, preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other rights to purchase, or equity
or debt securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, any capital stock of the Company or any of its subsidiaries other
than those described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus. The descriptions of the Companys
stock option, stock bonus and other stock plans or arrangements, and the options or other rights granted thereunder, set forth in the
Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus accurately and fairly presents the information required to be shown
with respect to such plans, arrangements, options and rights.

(p) Stock
Exchange Listing. The shares of Common Stock are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange
Act and are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market (Nasdaq) and the Company has taken no action designed to, or likely
to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the shares of Common Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting the shares of Common
Stock from Nasdaq, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission or Nasdaq is contemplating terminating such registration
or listing. To the Companys knowledge, it is in compliance with all applicable listing requirements of Nasdaq.

(q) Non-Contravention
of Existing Instruments; No Further Authorizations or Approvals Required. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
is in violation of its charter or by-laws, partnership agreement or operating agreement or similar organizational documents, as applicable,
or is in default (or, with the giving of notice or lapse of time, would be in default) (Default) under any indenture,
loan, credit agreement, note, lease, license agreement, contract, franchise or other instrument (including, without limitation, any pledge
agreement, security agreement, mortgage or other instrument or agreement evidencing, guaranteeing, securing or relating to indebtedness)
to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of their respective
properties or assets are subject (each, an Existing Instrument), except for such Defaults as could not be expected,
individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change. The Companys execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement and the Pre-Funded Warrants, consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Registration Statement, the Time
of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus and the issuance and sale of the Securities (including the use of proceeds from the sale of the
Securities as described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus under the caption Use
of Proceeds) (i) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and will not result in any violation of the
provisions of the charter or by-laws, partnership agreement or operating agreement or similar organizational documents, as applicable,
of the Company or any subsidiary (ii) will not conflict with or constitute a breach of, or Default or a Debt Repayment Triggering
Event (as defined below) under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to, or require the consent of any other party to, any Existing Instrument and (iii) will
not result in any violation of any law, administrative regulation or administrative or court decree applicable to the Company or any of
its subsidiaries. No consent, approval, authorization or other order of, or registration or filing with, any court or other governmental
or regulatory authority or agency, is required for the Companys execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Pre-Funded
Warrants and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the
Prospectus, except such as have been obtained or made by the Company and are in full force and effect under the Securities Act and such
as may be required under applicable state securities or blue sky laws or the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA).
As used herein, a Debt Repayment Triggering Event means any event or condition which gives, or with the giving of
notice or lapse of time would give, the holder of any note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on such
holders behalf) the right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Company
or any of its subsidiaries.

8

(r) Compliance
with Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries have been and are in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations,
except where failure to be so in compliance could not be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change.

(s) No
Material Actions or Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation brought by or before any
legal or governmental entity now pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, against or affecting the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, which could be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change or materially and adversely
affect the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder.
No material labor dispute with the employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or with the employees of any principal supplier,
manufacturer, customer or contractor of the Company, exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is threatened or imminent.

(t) Intellectual
Property Rights. The Company and its subsidiaries own, or have obtained valid and enforceable licenses for, the inventions,
patent applications, patents, trademarks, trade names, service names, copyrights, trade secrets and other intellectual property described
in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus as being owned or licensed by them or which are necessary
for the conduct of their respective businesses as currently conducted or as currently proposed to be conducted (collectively, Intellectual
Property) and the conduct of their respective businesses does not and will not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise conflict
in any material respect with any such rights of others. The Intellectual Property has not been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction
to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any
such adjudication. To the Company's knowledge: (i) there are no third parties who have rights to any Intellectual Property, except
for customary reversionary rights of third-party licensors with respect to Intellectual Property that is disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus as licensed to the Company or one or more of its subsidiaries; and (ii) there
is no infringement by third parties of any Intellectual Property. There is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened
action, suit, proceeding or claim by others: (A) challenging the Companys rights in or to any Intellectual Property, and the
Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such action, suit, proceeding or claim; (B) challenging
the validity, enforceability or scope of any Intellectual Property, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable
basis for any such action, suit, proceeding or claim; or (C) asserting that the Company or any of its subsidiaries infringes or otherwise
violates, or would, upon the commercialization of any product or service described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus
or the Prospectus as under development, infringe or violate, any patent, trademark, trade name, service name, copyright, trade secret
or other proprietary rights of others, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such action,
suit, proceeding or claim. The Company and its subsidiaries have complied with the terms of each agreement pursuant to which Intellectual
Property has been licensed to the Company or any subsidiary, and all such agreements are in full force and effect. To the Companys
knowledge, there are no material defects in any of the patents or patent applications included in the Intellectual Property. The Company
and its subsidiaries have taken all reasonable steps to protect, maintain and safeguard their Intellectual Property, including the execution
of appropriate nondisclosure, confidentiality agreements and invention assignment agreements and invention assignments with their employees,
and no employee of the Company is in or has been in violation of any term of any employment contract, patent disclosure agreement, invention
assignment agreement, non-competition agreement, non-solicitation agreement, nondisclosure agreement, or any restrictive covenant to or
with a former employer where the basis of such violation relates to such employees employment with the Company. The duty of candor
and good faith as required by the United States Patent and Trademark Office during the prosecution of the United States patents and patent
applications included in the Intellectual Property have been complied with; and in all foreign offices having similar requirements, all
such requirements have been complied with. None of the Intellectual Property or technology (including information technology and outsourced
arrangements) employed by the Company or its subsidiaries has been obtained or is being used by the Company or its subsidiary in violation
of any contractual obligation binding on the Company or its subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors or employees or
otherwise in violation of the rights of any persons. The product candidates described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale
Prospectus and the Prospectus as under development by the Company or any subsidiary fall within the scope of the claims of one or more
patents owned by, or exclusively licensed to, the Company or any subsidiary.

9

(u) All
Necessary Permits, etc. The Company and its subsidiaries possess such valid and current certificates, authorizations
or permits required by state, federal or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies to conduct their respective businesses as currently conducted
and as described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus (Permits). Neither
the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of, or in default under, any of the Permits or has received any notice of proceedings
relating to the revocation or modification of, or non-compliance with, any such certificate, authorization or permit.

(v) Title
to Properties. The Company and its subsidiaries have good and marketable title to all of the real and personal property
and other assets reflected as owned in the financial statements referred to in Section 1(j) above (or elsewhere in the Registration
Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus), in each case free and clear of any security interests, mortgages, liens, encumbrances,
equities, adverse claims and other defects. The real property, improvements, equipment and personal property held under lease by the Company
or any of its subsidiaries are held under valid and enforceable leases, with such exceptions as are not material and do not materially
interfere with the use made or proposed to be made of such real property, improvements, equipment or personal property by the Company
or such subsidiary.

10

(w) Tax
Law Compliance. The Company and its subsidiaries have filed all necessary federal, state and foreign income and franchise
tax returns or have properly requested extensions thereof and have paid all taxes required to be paid by any of them and, if due and payable,
any related or similar assessment, fine or penalty levied against any of them except as may be being contested in good faith and by appropriate
proceedings. The Company has made adequate charges, accruals and reserves in the applicable financial statements referred to in Section 1(j) above
in respect of all federal, state and foreign income and franchise taxes for all periods as to which the tax liability of the Company or
any of its subsidiaries has not been finally determined.

(x) Insurance.
Each of the Company and its subsidiaries are insured by recognized, financially sound and reputable institutions with policies in such
amounts and with such deductibles and covering such risks as are generally deemed adequate and customary for their businesses including,
but not limited to, policies covering real and personal property owned or leased by the Company and its subsidiaries against theft, damage,
destruction, acts of vandalism and earthquakes and policies covering the Company and its subsidiaries for product liability claims and
clinical trial liability claims. The Company has no reason to believe that it or any of its subsidiaries will not be able (i) to
renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such policies expire or (ii) to obtain comparable coverage from similar institutions
as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct its business as now conducted and at a cost that could not be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Change. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has been denied any insurance coverage which it has sought or for which
it has applied.

(y) Compliance
with Environmental Laws. Except as could not be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse
Change: (i) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law,
rule, regulation, ordinance, code, policy or rule of common law or any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including
any judicial or administrative order, consent, decree or judgment, relating to pollution or protection of human health, the environment
(including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata) or wildlife, including, without
limitation, laws and regulations relating to the release or threatened release of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, wastes, toxic substances,
hazardous substances, petroleum or petroleum products (collectively, Hazardous Materials) or to the manufacture,
processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials (collectively, Environmental
Laws); (ii) the Company and its subsidiaries have all permits, authorizations and approvals required under any applicable
Environmental Laws and are each in compliance with their requirements; (iii) there are no pending or threatened administrative, regulatory
or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters, claims, liens, notices of noncompliance or violation, investigation or proceedings
relating to any Environmental Law against the Company or any of its subsidiaries; and (iv) there are no events or circumstances that
might reasonably be expected to form the basis of an order for clean-up or remediation, or an action, suit or proceeding by any private
party or governmental body or agency, against or affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries relating to Hazardous Materials or any
Environmental Laws.

11

(z) ERISA
Compliance. The Company and its subsidiaries and any employee benefit plan (as defined under the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (collectively, ERISA))
established or maintained by the Company, its subsidiaries or their ERISA Affiliates (as defined below) are in compliance
in all material respects with ERISA. ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any
member of any group of organizations described in Sections 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (the Code) of which the Company or such subsidiary
is a member. No reportable event (as defined under ERISA) has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur with respect to
any employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company, its subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates. No
employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company, its subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates, if such
employee benefit plan were terminated, would have any amount of unfunded benefit liabilities (as defined under
ERISA). Neither the Company, its subsidiaries nor any of their ERISA Affiliates has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any liability
under (i) Title IV of ERISA with respect to termination of, or withdrawal from, any employee benefit plan or (ii) Sections
412, 4971, 4975 or 4980B of the Code. Each employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company, its subsidiaries or any of
their ERISA Affiliates that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and nothing has occurred,
whether by action or failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification.

(aa) Company
Not an Investment Company. The Company is not, and will not be, either after receipt of payment for the Securities
or after the application of the proceeds therefrom as described under Use of Proceeds in the Registration Statement, the
Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus, required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act
of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act).

(bb) No
Price Stabilization or Manipulation; Compliance with Regulation M. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has
taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that might cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of the
Offered Shares or of any reference security (as defined in Rule 100 of Regulation M under the Exchange Act (Regulation
M)) with respect to the Offered Shares, whether to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities or otherwise, and has taken
no action which would directly or indirectly violate Regulation M.

(cc) Related-Party
Transactions. There are no business relationships or related-party transactions involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries
or any other person required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus that have not
been described as required.

(dd) FINRA
Matters. All of the information provided to the Underwriters or to counsel for the Underwriters by the Company, its counsel,
its officers and directors and the holders of any securities (debt or equity) or options to acquire any securities of the Company in connection
with the offering of the Securities is true, complete, correct and compliant with FINRAs rules and any letters, filings or
other supplemental information provided to FINRA pursuant to FINRA Rules or NASD Conduct Rules is true, complete and correct.

12

(ee) Parties
to Lock-Up Agreements. The Company has furnished to the Underwriters a letter agreement in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit A (the Lock-up Agreement) from each of the persons listed on Exhibit B. Such Exhibit B
lists under an appropriate caption the directors, executive officers and certain stockholders of the Company. If any additional persons
shall become directors or executive officers of the Company prior to the end of the Company Lock-up Period (as defined below), the Company
shall cause each such person, prior to or contemporaneously with their appointment or election as a director or executive officer of the
Company, to execute and deliver to the Representative a Lock-up Agreement.

(ff) Statistical
and Market-Related Data. All statistical, demographic and market-related data included in the Registration Statement, the
Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company believes, after reasonable inquiry, to
be reliable and accurate. To the extent required, the Company has obtained the written consent to the use of such data from such sources.

(gg) Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. There is, and has been, no failure on the part of the Company or any of the Companys directors or officers,
in their capacities as such, to comply with any applicable provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended and the rules and
regulations promulgated in connection therewith, including Section 402 related to loans and Sections 302 and 906 related to certifications.

(hh) No
Unlawful Contributions or Other Payments. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor, to the best of the Companys
knowledge, any employee or agent of the Company or any subsidiary, has made any contribution or other payment to any official of, or candidate
for, any federal, state or foreign office in violation of any law or of the character required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement,
the Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus.

(ii) Anti-Corruption
and Anti-Bribery Laws. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor any director, officer, or employee of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries, nor to the knowledge of the Company, any agent, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries has, in the course of its actions for, or on behalf of, the Company or any of its subsidiaries (i) used
any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; (ii) made
or taken any act in furtherance of an offer, promise, or authorization of any direct or indirect unlawful payment or benefit to any foreign
or domestic government official or employee, including of any government-owned or controlled entity or public international organization,
or any political party, party official, or candidate for political office; (iii) violated or is in violation of any provision of
the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA), the UK Bribery Act 2010, or any other applicable
anti-bribery or anti-corruption law; or (iv) made, offered, authorized, requested, or taken an act in furtherance of any unlawful
bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment or benefit. The Company and its subsidiaries and, to the
knowledge of the Company, the Companys affiliates have conducted their respective businesses in compliance with the FCPA and have
instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued
compliance therewith.

13

(jj) Money
Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are, and have been conducted at all times, in compliance
with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as
amended, the money laundering statutes of all applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar
applicable rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Money
Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any
arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best knowledge
of the Company, threatened.

(kk) Sanctions.
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries, directors, officers, or employees, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, after due inquiry,
any agent, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is currently the subject or the target
of any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC)
or the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom,
or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions); nor is the Company or any of its subsidiaries located,
organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject or the target of Sanctions, including, without limitation, the Crimea
region, the non-government controlled areas of the Zaporizhzhia and Kherson Regions of Ukraine (or any other Covered Region of Ukraine
identified pursuant to Executive Order 14065), the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic,
Cuba, Iran, North Korea, and Syria; and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of this offering, or lend, contribute
or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, or any joint venture partner or other person or entity, for the purpose of
financing the activities of or business with any person, or in any country or territory, that at the time of such financing, is the subject
or the target of Sanctions or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any person (including any person participating in
the transaction whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise) of applicable Sanctions. For the past ten years, the Company and
its subsidiaries have not knowingly engaged in and are not now knowingly engaged in any dealings or transactions with any person that
at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject or the target of Sanctions or with any Sanctioned Country.

(ll) Brokers.
Except pursuant to this Agreement, there is no broker, finder or other party that is entitled to receive from the Company any brokerage
or finders fee or other fee or commission as a result of any transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(mm) Forward-Looking
Statements. Each financial or operational projection or other forward-looking statement (as defined by Section 27A
of the Securities Act or Section 21E of the Exchange Act) contained in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus or
the Prospectus (i) was so included by the Company in good faith and with reasonable basis after due consideration by the Company
of the underlying assumptions, estimates and other applicable facts and circumstances and (ii) is accompanied by meaningful cautionary
statements identifying those factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statement.
No such statement was made with the knowledge of an executive officer or director of the Company that it was false or misleading.

14

(nn) No
Outstanding Loans or Other Extensions of Credit. The Company does not have any outstanding extension of credit, in the
form of a personal loan, to or for any director or executive officer (or equivalent thereof) of the Company except for such extensions
of credit as are expressly permitted by Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act.

(oo) Cybersecurity.
The Company and its subsidiaries information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems, networks, hardware, software,
websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT Systems) are adequate for, and operate and perform in all
material respects as required in connection with the operation of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as currently conducted,
free and clear of all material bugs, errors, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other corruptants. The Company and its subsidiaries
have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative controls, policies, procedures, and safeguards
to maintain and protect their material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all
IT Systems and data, including Personal Data, used in connection with their businesses. Personal Data
means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, e-mail address, photograph, social security number or
tax identification number, drivers license number, passport number, credit card number, bank information, or customer or account
number; (ii) any information which would qualify as personally identifying information under the Federal Trade Commission
Act, as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by GDPR; (iv) any information which would qualify as protected
health information under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information
Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (collectively, HIPAA); and (v) any other piece of information
that allows the identification of such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection or analysis of any data related
to an identified persons health or sexual orientation. There have been no breaches, violations, outages or unauthorized uses of
or accesses to same, except for those that have been remedied without material cost or liability or the duty to notify any other person,
nor any incidents under internal review or investigations relating to the same. The Company and its subsidiaries are presently in material
compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental
or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Personal
Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Personal Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification.

(pp) Compliance
with Data Privacy Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries are, and at all prior times were, in material compliance with
all applicable state and federal data privacy and security laws and regulations, including without limitation HIPAA, and the Company and
its subsidiaries have taken commercially reasonable actions to prepare to comply with, and since May 25, 2018, have been and currently
are in compliance with, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively,
the Privacy Laws). To ensure compliance with the Privacy Laws, the Company and its subsidiaries have in place, comply
with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to ensure compliance in all material respects with their policies and procedures
relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure, handling, and analysis of Personal Data (the Policies).
The Company and its subsidiaries have at all times made all disclosures to users or customers required by applicable laws and regulatory
rules or requirements, and none of such disclosures made or contained in any Policy have, to the knowledge of the Company, been inaccurate
or in violation of any applicable laws and regulatory rules or requirements in any material respect. The Company further certifies
that neither it nor any subsidiary: (i) has received notice of any actual or potential liability under or relating to, or actual
or potential violation of, any of the Privacy Laws, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to
result in any such notice; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation, or other
corrective action pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement that imposes any obligation
or liability under any Privacy Law.

15

(qq) Clinical
Data and Regulatory Compliance. The preclinical tests and clinical trials, and other studies (collectively, studies)
that are described in, or the results of which are referred to in, the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus
were and, if still pending, are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with the protocols, procedures and controls designed
and approved for such studies and with standard medical and scientific research procedures; each description of the results of such studies
is accurate and complete in all material respects and fairly presents the data derived from such studies, and the Company and its subsidiaries
have no knowledge of any other studies the results of which are inconsistent with, or otherwise call into question, the results described
or referred to in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectuses or the Prospectus; the Company and its subsidiaries have made
all such filings and obtained all such approvals as may be required by the Food and Drug Administration of the U.S. Department of Health
and Human Services or any committee thereof or from any other U.S. or foreign government or drug or medical device regulatory agency,
or health care facility Institutional Review Board (collectively, the Regulatory Agencies); neither the Company nor
any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of, or correspondence from, any Regulatory Agency requiring the termination, suspension
or modification of any clinical trials that are described or referred to in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus or
the Prospectus; and the Company and its subsidiaries have each operated and currently are in compliance in all material respects with
all applicable rules, regulations and policies of the Regulatory Agencies.

(rr) Compliance
with Health Care Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries are, and at all times have been, in compliance with all Health
Care Laws. For purposes of this Agreement, Health Care Laws means: (i) the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21
U.S.C. Section 301 et seq.), the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. Section 201 et seq.), and the regulations promulgated
thereunder; (ii) all applicable federal, state, local and foreign health care fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation,
the Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b(b)), the Civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. Section 3729 et seq.), the
criminal false statements law (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b(a)), 18 U.S.C. Sections 286 and 287, the health care fraud criminal provisions
under the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) (42 U.S.C. Section 1320d et seq.),
the Stark Law (42 U.S.C. Section 1395nn), the civil monetary penalties law (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7a), the exclusion law (42
U.S.C. Section 1320a-7), the Physician Payments Sunshine Act (42 U.S.C. Section 1320-7h), and applicable laws governing government
funded or sponsored healthcare programs; (iii) HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health
Act (42 U.S.C. Section 17921 et seq.); (iv) the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health
Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010; (v) licensure, quality, safety and accreditation requirements under applicable federal,
state, local or foreign laws or regulatory bodies; and (vi) all other local, state, federal, national, supranational and foreign
laws, relating to the regulation of the Company or its subsidiaries, and (vii) the directives and regulations promulgated pursuant
to such statutes and any state or non-U.S. counterpart thereof. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received written notice
of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any court or arbitrator
or governmental or regulatory authority or third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in violation of any Health Care
Laws nor, to the Companys knowledge, is any such claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration
or other action threatened. The Company and its subsidiaries have filed, maintained or submitted all material reports, documents, forms,
notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Health Care Laws, and all such reports,
documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were complete and accurate on the
date filed in all material respects (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission). Neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries is a party to any corporate integrity agreements, monitoring agreements, consent decrees, settlement orders, or similar agreements
with or imposed by any governmental or regulatory authority. Additionally, neither the Company, any of its subsidiaries nor any of their
respective employees, officers, directors, or agents has been excluded, suspended or debarred from participation in any U.S. federal health
care program or human clinical research or, to the knowledge of the Company, is subject to a governmental inquiry, investigation, proceeding,
or other similar action that could reasonably be expected to result in debarment, suspension, or exclusion.

16

(ss) No
Contract Terminations. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has sent or received any communication regarding
termination of, or intent not to renew, any of the contracts or agreements referred to or described in any preliminary prospectus, the
Prospectus or any free writing prospectus, or referred to or described in, or filed as an exhibit to, the Registration Statement, or any
document incorporated by reference therein, and no such termination or non-renewal has been threatened by the Company or any of its subsidiaries
or, to the Companys knowledge, any other party to any such contract or agreement, which threat of termination or non-renewal has
not been rescinded as of the date hereof.

(tt) Dividend
Restrictions. No subsidiary of the Company is prohibited or restricted, directly or indirectly, from paying dividends to
the Company, or from making any other distribution with respect to such subsidiarys equity securities or from repaying to the Company
or any other subsidiary of the Company any amounts that may from time to time become due under any loans or advances to such subsidiary
from the Company or from transferring any property or assets to the Company or to any other subsidiary.

Any certificate signed by
any officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries and delivered to any Underwriter or to counsel for the Underwriters in connection
with the offering, or the purchase and sale, of the Securities shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to each Underwriter
as to the matters covered thereby.

The Company has a reasonable
basis for making each of the representations set forth in this Section 1. The Company acknowledges that the Underwriters and, for
purposes of the opinions to be delivered pursuant to Section 6 hereof, counsel to the Company and counsel to the Underwriters,
will rely upon the accuracy and truthfulness of the foregoing representations and hereby consents to such reliance.

17

Section 2. Purchase,
Sale and Delivery of the Securities.

(a) The
Firm Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants. Upon the terms herein set forth, the Company agrees to issue and sell to the several
Underwriters an aggregate of 20,786,923 Firm Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase up to 6,905,385 shares of Common Stock. On the basis
of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, and upon the terms but subject to the conditions herein set forth,
the Underwriters agree, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company the respective number of Firm Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants
set forth opposite their names on Schedule A. The purchase price per Firm Share to be paid by the several Underwriters to the Company
shall be $3.0550 per share, and the purchase price per Pre-Funded Warrant to be paid by the several Underwriters to the Company shall
be $3.0541.

(b) The
First Closing Date. Delivery of the Firm Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants to be purchased by the Underwriters and payment
therefor shall be made at the offices of Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. (or such other place as may be agreed to
by the Company and the Representative) at 9:00 a.m. New York City time, on April 24, 2025, or such other time and date not later
than 1:30 p.m. New York City time, on April 24, 2025 as the Representative shall designate by notice to the Company (the time
and date of such closing are called the First Closing Date). The Company hereby acknowledges that circumstances under
which the Representative may provide notice to postpone the First Closing Date as originally scheduled include, but are not limited to,
any determination by the Company or the Representative to recirculate to the public copies of an amended or supplemented Prospectus or
a delay as contemplated by the provisions of Section 11.

(c) The
Optional Shares; Option Closing Date. In addition, on the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein
contained, and upon the terms but subject to the conditions herein set forth, the Company hereby grants an option to the several Underwriters
to purchase, severally and not jointly, up to an aggregate of 4,153,846 Optional Shares from the Company at the purchase price per share
to be paid by the Underwriters for the Firm Shares, less an amount per share equal to any dividend or distribution declared by the Company
and payable on the Firm Shares but not payable on Optional Shares. The option granted hereunder may be exercised at any time and from
time to time in whole or in part upon notice by the Representative to the Company, which notice may be given at any time within 30 days
from the date of this Agreement. Such notice shall set forth (i) the aggregate number of Optional Shares as to which the Underwriters
are exercising the option and (ii) the time, date and place at which certificates for the Optional Shares will be delivered (which
time and date may be simultaneous with, but not earlier than, the First Closing Date; and in the event that such time and date are simultaneous
with the First Closing Date, the term First Closing Date shall refer to the time and date of delivery of certificates
for the Firm Shares and such Optional Shares). Any such time and date of delivery, if subsequent to the First Closing Date, is called
an Option Closing Date, and shall be determined by the Representative and shall not be earlier than two or later
than five full business days after delivery of such notice of exercise. If any Optional Shares are to be purchased, each Underwriter agrees,
severally and not jointly, to purchase the number of Optional Shares (subject to such adjustments to eliminate fractional shares as the
Representative may determine) that bears the same proportion to the total number of Optional Shares to be purchased as the number of Firm
Shares set forth on Schedule A opposite the name of such Underwriter bears to the total number of Firm Shares. The Representative
may cancel the option at any time prior to its expiration by giving written notice of such cancellation to the Company.

18

(d) Offering
of the Securities. The Representative hereby advises the Company that the Underwriters intend to offer for sale to the
public, initially on the terms set forth in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus, its respective
portion of the Securities as soon after this Agreement has been executed as the Representative, in its sole judgment, has determined is
advisable and practicable.

(e) Payment
for the Securities. (i) Payment for the Securities to be sold by the Company shall be made at the First Closing Date
(and, if applicable, at each Option Closing Date) by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the order of the Company.

(ii) It
is understood that the Representative has been authorized, for its own account and the accounts of the several Underwriters, to accept
delivery of and receipt for, and make payment of the purchase price for the Firm Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants and any Optional Shares
the Underwriters have agreed to purchase. Guggenheim Securities, individually and not as a Representative of the Underwriters, may (but
shall not be obligated to) make payment for any Securities to be purchased by any Underwriter whose funds shall not have been received
by the Representative by the First Closing Date or the applicable Option Closing Date, as the case may be, for the account of such Underwriter,
but any such payment shall not relieve such Underwriter from any of its obligations under this Agreement.

(f) Delivery
of the Securities. The Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, through the facilities of the Depository Trust
Company, including through the full fast transfer or DWAC programs, unless the Representative shall otherwise instruct, to the Representative
for the accounts of the several Underwriters the Firm Shares to be sold by them at the First Closing Date, against release of a wire transfer
of immediately available funds for the amount of the purchase price therefor. The Company shall also deliver, or cause to be delivered,
through the facilities of the Depository Trust Company, including through the full fast transfer or DWAC programs, unless the Representative
shall otherwise instruct, to the Representative for the accounts of the several Underwriters the Optional Shares to be sold by them at
the First Closing Date or the applicable Option Closing Date, as the case may be, against release of a wire transfer of immediately available
funds for the amount of the purchase price therefor.

The Pre-Funded Warrants shall
be delivered to the Representative in definitive form, registered in such names and in such denominations as the Representative shall
request in writing not later than the First Closing Date. The Pre-Funded Warrants will be made available for inspection by the Representative
on the business day prior to the First Closing Date.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company and the Representative shall instruct purchasers of the Pre-Funded Warrants in the offering to make payment
for the Pre-Funded Warrants on the First Closing Date to the Company by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account specified
by the Company at a purchase price of $3.2490 per Pre-Funded Warrant, in lieu of payment by the Underwriters for such Pre-Funded
Warrants, and the Company shall deliver such Pre-Funded Warrants to such purchasers on the First Closing Date in definitive form against
such payment, in lieu of the Companys obligation to deliver such Pre-Funded Warrants to the Underwriters; provided that, the Representative
shall withhold $0.19494 per Pre-Funded Warrant with respect to such Pre-Funded Warrants as an offset against the payment owed by the
Representative to the Company with respect to the Securities hereunder.

19

In the event that any purchaser
of the Pre-Funded Warrants in the offering fails to make payment to the Company for all or part of the Pre-Funded Warrants (the Failed
Warrants) on the First Closing Date, as the case may be, the Representative may elect, by written notice to the Company and
payment of the purchase price by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account specified by the Company at the location
and time designated in this Section 2(f) for the First Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, to receive
shares of Common Stock at the applicable purchase price in lieu of the Failed Warrants that were otherwise to have been delivered to the
purchasers thereof under this Agreement.

Section 3. Additional
Covenants of the Company. The Company further covenants and agrees with each Underwriter as follows:

(a) Delivery
of Registration Statement, Time of Sale Prospectus and Prospectus. The Company shall furnish to you in New York City, without
charge, prior to 10:00 a.m. New York City time on the business day next succeeding the date of this Agreement and during the period
when a prospectus relating to the Securities is required by the Securities Act to be delivered (whether physically or through compliance
with Rule 172 under the Securities Act or any similar rule) in connection with sales of the Securities, as many copies of the Time
of Sale Prospectus, the Prospectus and any supplements and amendments thereto or to the Registration Statement as you may reasonably request.

(b) Representatives
Review of Proposed Amendments and Supplements. During the period when a prospectus relating to the Securities is required
by the Securities Act to be delivered (whether physically or through compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act or any similar
rule), the Company (i) will furnish to the Representative for review, a reasonable period of time prior to the proposed time of filing
of any proposed amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, a copy of each such amendment or supplement and (ii) will
not amend or supplement the Registration Statement (including any amendment or supplement through incorporation of any report filed under
the Exchange Act) without the Representatives prior written consent. Prior to amending or supplementing any preliminary prospectus,
the Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus (including any amendment or supplement through incorporation of any report filed under the
Exchange Act), the Company shall furnish to the Representative for review, a reasonable amount of time prior to the time of filing or
use of the proposed amendment or supplement, a copy of each such proposed amendment or supplement. The Company shall not file or use any
such proposed amendment or supplement without the Representatives prior written consent. The Company shall file with the Commission
within the applicable period specified in Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act any prospectus required to be filed pursuant
to such Rule.

20

(c) Free
Writing Prospectuses. The Company shall furnish to the Representative for review, a reasonable amount of time prior to
the proposed time of filing or use thereof, a copy of each proposed free writing prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto prepared
by or on behalf of, used by, or referred to by the Company, and the Company shall not file, use or refer to any proposed free writing
prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto without the Representatives prior written consent. The Company shall furnish
to each Underwriter, without charge, as many copies of any free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of, used by or referred to
by the Company as such Underwriter may reasonably request. If at any time when a prospectus is required by the Securities Act to be delivered
(whether physically or through compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act or any similar rule) in connection with sales of
the Securities (but in any event if at any time through and including the First Closing Date) there occurred or occurs an event or development
as a result of which any free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of, used by, or referred to by the Company conflicted or would
conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact
or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
prevailing at such time, not misleading, the Company shall promptly amend or supplement such free writing prospectus to eliminate or correct
such conflict or so that the statements in such free writing prospectus as so amended or supplemented will not include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
prevailing at such time, not misleading, as the case may be; provided, however, that prior to amending or supplementing any such free
writing prospectus, the Company shall furnish to the Representative for review, a reasonable amount of time prior to the proposed time
of filing or use thereof, a copy of such proposed amended or supplemented free writing prospectus, and the Company shall not file, use
or refer to any such amended or supplemented free writing prospectus without the Representatives prior written consent.

(d) Filing
of Underwriter Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company shall not take any action that would result in an Underwriter or
the Company being required to file with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act a free writing prospectus
prepared by or on behalf of such Underwriter that such Underwriter otherwise would not have been required to file thereunder.

(e) Amendments
and Supplements to Time of Sale Prospectus. If the Time of Sale Prospectus is being used to solicit offers to buy the Securities
at a time when the Prospectus is not yet available to prospective purchasers, and any event shall occur or condition exist as a result
of which it is necessary to amend or supplement the Time of Sale Prospectus so that the Time of Sale Prospectus does not include an untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
when delivered to a prospective purchaser, not misleading, or if any event shall occur or condition exist as a result of which the Time
of Sale Prospectus conflicts with the information contained in the Registration Statement, or if, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters,
it is necessary to amend or supplement the Time of Sale Prospectus to comply with applicable law, the Company shall (subject to Section 3(b) and
Section 3(c) hereof) promptly prepare, file with the Commission and furnish, at its own expense, to the Underwriters and to
any dealer upon request, either amendments or supplements to the Time of Sale Prospectus so that the statements in the Time of Sale Prospectus
as so amended or supplemented will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances when delivered to a prospective purchaser, not misleading or so that
the Time of Sale Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, will no longer conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement,
or so that the Time of Sale Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, will comply with applicable law.

21

(f) Certain
Notifications and Required Actions. After the date of this Agreement, the Company shall promptly advise the Representative
in writing of: (i) the receipt of any comments of, or requests for additional or supplemental information from, the Commission; (ii) the
time and date of any filing of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to any preliminary
prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus, any free writing prospectus or the Prospectus; (iii) the time and date that any post-effective
amendment to the Registration Statement becomes effective; and (iv) the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the
effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or any amendment or supplement to any preliminary
prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary prospectus,
the Time of Sale Prospectus, any free writing prospectus or the Prospectus, or of any proceedings to remove, suspend or terminate from
listing or quotation the Offered Shares from any securities exchange upon which they are listed for trading or included or designated
for quotation, or of the threatening or initiation of any proceedings for any of such purposes. If the Commission shall enter any such
stop order at any time, the Company will use its best efforts to obtain the lifting of such order at the earliest possible moment. Additionally,
the Company agrees that it shall comply with all applicable provisions of Rule 424(b), Rule 433 and Rule 430B under the
Securities Act and will use its reasonable efforts to confirm that any filings made by the Company under Rule 424(b) or Rule 433
were received in a timely manner by the Commission.

(g) Amendments
and Supplements to the Prospectus and Other Securities Act Matters. If any event shall occur or condition exist as a result
of which it is necessary to amend or supplement the Prospectus so that the Prospectus does not include an untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances when the Prospectus
is delivered (whether physically or through compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act or any similar rule) to a purchaser,
not misleading, or if in the opinion of the Representative or counsel for the Underwriters it is otherwise necessary to amend or supplement
the Prospectus to comply with applicable law, the Company agrees (subject to Section 3(b) and Section 3(c)) hereof to promptly
prepare, file with the Commission and furnish, at its own expense, to the Underwriters and to any dealer upon request, amendments or supplements
to the Prospectus so that the statements in the Prospectus as so amended or supplemented will not include an untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances when the Prospectus
is delivered (whether physically or through compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act or any similar rule) to a purchaser,
not misleading or so that the Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, will comply with applicable law. Neither the Representatives
consent to, nor delivery of, any such amendment or supplement shall constitute a waiver of any of the Companys obligations under
Section 3(b) or Section 3(c).

(h) Blue
Sky Compliance. The Company shall cooperate with the Representative and counsel for the Underwriters to qualify or register
the Securities for sale under (or obtain exemptions from the application of) the state securities or blue sky laws or Canadian provincial
securities laws (or other foreign laws) of those jurisdictions designated by the Representative, shall comply with such laws and shall
continue such qualifications, registrations and exemptions in effect so long as required for the distribution of the Securities. The Company
shall not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to take any action that would subject it to general service of process in
any such jurisdiction where it is not presently qualified or where it would be subject to taxation as a foreign corporation. The Company
will advise the Representative promptly of the suspension of the qualification or registration of (or any such exemption relating to)
the Securities for offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or any initiation or threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, and
in the event of the issuance of any order suspending such qualification, registration or exemption, the Company shall use its best efforts
to obtain the withdrawal thereof at the earliest possible moment.

22

(i) Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities sold by it in the manner described
under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus.

(j) Transfer
Agent. The Company shall engage and maintain, at its expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the shares of Common Stock.

(k) Continued
Compliance with Securities Laws. The Company will comply with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act so as to permit the
completion of the distribution of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement, the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus
and the Prospectus. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will, during the period when a prospectus relating to
the Securities is required by the Securities Act to be delivered (whether physically or through compliance with Rule 172 under the
Securities Act or any similar rule), file on a timely basis with the Commission and Nasdaq all reports and documents required to be filed
under the Exchange Act.

(l) Listing.
The Company will use its best efforts to list, subject to notice of issuance, the Offered Shares on Nasdaq.

(m) Company
to Provide Copy of the Prospectus in Form That May be Downloaded from the Internet. If requested by the Representative,
the Company shall cause to be prepared and delivered, at its expense, within one business day from the effective date of this Agreement,
to the Representative an electronic Prospectus to be used by the Underwriters in connection with the offering and
sale of the Securities. As used herein, the term electronic Prospectus means a form of Prospectus, and any amendment
or supplement thereto, that meets each of the following conditions: (i) it shall be encoded in an electronic format, satisfactory
to the Representative that may be transmitted electronically by the Representative and the other Underwriters to offerees and purchasers
of the Securities; (ii) it shall disclose the same information as the paper Prospectus, except to the extent that graphic and image
material cannot be disseminated electronically, in which case such graphic and image material shall be replaced in the electronic Prospectus
with a fair and accurate narrative description or tabular representation of such material, as appropriate; and (iii) it shall be
in or convertible into a paper format or an electronic format, satisfactory to the Representative, that will allow investors to store
and have continuously ready access to the Prospectus at any future time, without charge to investors (other than any fee charged for subscription
to the Internet as a whole and for on-line time). The Company hereby confirms that it has included or will include in the Prospectus filed
pursuant to EDGAR or otherwise with the Commission and in the Registration Statement at the time it was declared effective an undertaking
that, upon receipt of a request by an investor or his or her representative, the Company shall transmit or cause to be transmitted promptly,
without charge, a paper copy of the Prospectus.

23

(n) Agreement
Not to Offer or Sell Additional Shares. During the period commencing on and including the date hereof and continuing through
and including the 90th day following the date of the Prospectus (such period, as extended as described
below, being referred to herein as the Lock-up Period), the Company will not, without the prior written consent of
Guggenheim Securities (which consent may be withheld in its sole discretion), directly or indirectly: (i) sell, offer to sell, contract
to sell or lend any shares of Common Stock or Related Securities (as defined below); (ii) effect any short sale, or establish or
increase any put equivalent position (as defined in Rule 16a-1(h) under the Exchange Act) or liquidate or decrease
any call equivalent position (as defined in Rule 16a-1(b) under the Exchange Act) of any shares of Common Stock
or Related Securities; (iii) pledge, hypothecate or grant any security interest in any shares of Common Stock or Related Securities;
(iv) in any other way transfer or dispose of any shares of Common Stock or Related Securities; (v) enter into any swap, hedge
or similar arrangement or agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, the economic risk of ownership of any shares of Common Stock
or Related Securities, regardless of whether any such transaction is to be settled in securities, in cash or otherwise; (vi) announce
the offering of any shares of Common Stock or Related Securities; (vii) submit or file any registration statement under the Securities
Act in respect of any shares of Common Stock or Related Securities (other than as contemplated by this Agreement with respect to the Securities);
(viii) effect a reverse stock split, recapitalization, share consolidation, reclassification or similar transaction affecting the
outstanding shares of Common Stock; or (ix) publicly announce the intention to do any of the foregoing; provided, however,
that the Company may (A) effect the transactions contemplated hereby, (B) file a new registration statement on Form S-3 and/or
prospectus or prospectus supplement for an at-the-market offering; provided that none of the Companys securities
are issued or sold pursuant to such registration statement and/or prospectus or prospectus supplement during the Lock-Up Period,
(C) issue shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Open Market Sales Agreement, dated November 14, 2023, between the Company and
Jefferies LLC, (D) issue shares of Common Stock or options to purchase shares of Common Stock, or issue shares of Common Stock upon
exercise of options, pursuant to any stock option, stock bonus or other stock plan or arrangement described in the Registration Statement,
the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus, and (E) issue and sell its Common Stock and/or Related Securities to security holders
of the Company as of the date of this Agreement, in an amount not to exceed an aggregate of $10.0 million, provided that such Common Stock
is sold at no less than the offering price of the Offered Shares. For purposes of the foregoing, Related Securities
shall mean any options or warrants or other rights to acquire shares of Common Stock or any securities exchangeable or exercisable for
or convertible into shares of Common Stock, or to acquire other securities or rights ultimately exchangeable or exercisable for, or convertible
into, shares of Common Stock.

(o) Future
Reports to the Representative. During the period of five years hereafter, the Company will furnish to the Representative,
c/o Guggenheim Securities, LLC, at 330 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10017, Fax (212) 658-9689, Attention: Head of Equity Capital
Markets: (i) as soon as practicable after the end of each fiscal year, copies of the Annual Report of the Company containing the
balance sheet of the Company as of the close of such fiscal year and statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows
for the year then ended and the opinion thereon of the Companys independent public or certified public accountants; (ii) as
soon as practicable after the filing thereof, copies of each proxy statement, Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q,
Current Report on Form 8-K or other report filed by the Company with the Commission, FINRA or any securities exchange; and (iii) as
soon as available, copies of any report or communication of the Company furnished or made available generally to holders of its capital
stock; provided, however, that the requirements of this Section 3(o) shall be satisfied to the extent that such
reports, statement, communications, financial statements or other documents are available on EDGAR.

24

(p) Investment
Limitation. The Company shall not invest or otherwise use the proceeds received by the Company from its sale of the Securities
in such a manner as would require the Company or any of its subsidiaries to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act.

(q) No
Stabilization or Manipulation; Compliance with Regulation M. The Company will not take, and will ensure that no affiliate
of the Company will take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that might cause or result in stabilization or manipulation
of the price of the shares of Common Stock or any reference security with respect to the shares of Common Stock, whether to facilitate
the sale or resale of the Securities or otherwise, and the Company will, and shall cause each of its affiliates to, comply with all applicable
provisions of Regulation M.

(r) Warrant
Shares Reserved. The Company shall, at all times while any Pre-Funded Warrants are outstanding, reserve and keep available
out of its authorized but unissued and otherwise unreserved shares of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of enabling it to issue Warrant
Shares upon exercise of such Pre-Funded Warrants, the number of Warrant Shares that are initially issuable and deliverable upon the exercise
of the then-outstanding Pre-Funded Warrants.

Section 4. Payment
of Expenses. The Company agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its obligations
hereunder and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including without limitation (i) all expenses incident to
the issuance and delivery of the Securities (including all printing and engraving costs), (ii) all fees and expenses of the registrar
and transfer agent of the shares of Common Stock, (iii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the
issuance and sale of the Securities to the Underwriters, (iv) all fees and expenses of the Companys counsel, independent public
or certified public accountants and other advisors, (v) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing,
filing, shipping and distribution of the Registration Statement (including financial statements, exhibits, schedules, consents and certificates
of experts), the Time of Sale Prospectus, the Prospectus, each free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of, used by, or referred
to by the Company, and each preliminary prospectus, and all amendments and supplements thereto, and this Agreement, (vi) all filing
fees, attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Company or the Underwriters in connection with qualifying or registering (or
obtaining exemptions from the qualification or registration of) all or any part of the Securities for offer and sale under the state securities
or blue sky laws, and, if requested by the Representative, preparing and printing a Blue Sky Survey or memorandum and a
Canadian wrapper, and any supplements thereto, advising the Underwriters of such qualifications, registrations and exemptions,
(vii) the costs, fees and expenses incurred by the Underwriters in connection with determining their compliance with the rules and
regulations of FINRA related to the Underwriters participation in the offering and distribution of the Securities, including any
related filing fees and the legal fees of, and disbursements by, counsel to the Underwriters, (viii) the costs and expenses of the
Company relating to investor presentations on any road show, including, without limitation, expenses associated with the
preparation or dissemination of any electronic road show, expenses associated with the production of road show slides and graphics, fees
and expenses of any consultants engaged in connection with the road show presentations with the prior approval of the Company, travel
and lodging expenses of the representatives, employees and officers of the Company and any such consultants, and the cost of any aircraft
chartered in connection with the road show, (ix) the fees and expenses associated with listing the Offered Shares on Nasdaq, (x) the
costs of reproducing and distributing each of the Pre-Funded Warrants and (xi) all other fees, costs and expenses of the nature referred
to in Item 14 of Part II of the Registration Statement. Except as provided in this Section 4 or in Section 7,
Section 9 or Section 10 hereof, the Underwriters shall pay their own expenses, including the fees and disbursements
of their counsel.

25

Section 5. Covenant
of the Underwriters. Each Underwriter severally and not jointly covenants with the Company not to take any action that would
result in the Company being required to file with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act a free writing
prospectus prepared by or on behalf of such Underwriter that otherwise would not, but for such actions, be required to be filed by the
Company under Rule 433(d).

Section 6. Conditions
of the Obligations of the Underwriters. The respective obligations of the several Underwriters hereunder to purchase and pay
for the Securities as provided herein on the First Closing Date and, with respect to the Optional Shares, each Option Closing Date, shall
be subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section 1 hereof as
of the date hereof and as of the First Closing Date as though then made and, with respect to the Optional Shares, as of each Option Closing
Date as though then made, to the timely performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to each of the
following additional conditions:

(a) Comfort
Letters. On the date hereof, the Representative shall have received from each of Grant Thornton LLP and Plante &
Moran, PLLC, independent registered public accountants for the Company, a letter dated the date hereof addressed to the Underwriters,
in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative, containing statements and information of the type ordinarily included in accountants
comfort letters to underwriters, delivered according to Statement of Auditing Standards No. 72 (or any successor bulletin),
with respect to certain audited and unaudited financial statements, as well as certain financial information contained in the Registration
Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus, and each free writing prospectus, if any.

(b) Compliance
with Registration Requirements; No Stop Order; No Objection from FINRA. For the period from and after the date of this
Agreement and through and including the First Closing Date and, with respect to any Optional Shares purchased after the First Closing
Date, each Option Closing Date:

(i) The
Company shall have filed the Prospectus with the Commission (including the information previously omitted from the Registration Statement
pursuant to Rule 430B under the Securities Act) in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) under
the Securities Act; or the Company shall have filed a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement containing the information
previously omitted from the Registration Statement pursuant to such Rule 430B, and such post-effective amendment shall have become
effective.

26

(ii) No
stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement shall
be in effect, and no proceedings for such purpose shall have been instituted or threatened by the Commission.

(iii) If
a filing has been made with FINRA, FINRA shall have raised no objection to the fairness and reasonableness of the underwriting terms and
arrangements.

(c) No
Material Adverse Change or Ratings Agency Change. For the period from and after the date of this Agreement and through
and including the First Closing Date and, with respect to any Optional Shares purchased after the First Closing Date, each Option Closing
Date:

(i) in
the judgment of the Representative there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Change; and

(ii) there
shall not have occurred any downgrading, nor shall any notice have been given of any intended or potential downgrading or of any review
for a possible change that does not indicate the direction of the possible change, in the rating accorded any securities of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization as that term is used in Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vi)(F) under
the Exchange Act.

(d) Opinion
of Counsel for the Company. On each of the First Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, the Representative shall have
received the opinion and negative assurance letter of Dorsey & Whitney LLP, counsel for the Company, dated as of such date, in
form and substance satisfactory to the Representative.

(e) Opinion
of Intellectual Property Counsel for the Company. On each of the First Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, the Representative
shall have received the opinion of each of Marshall, Gerstein & Borun LLP and Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo,
P.C., counsels for the Company with respect to intellectual property, dated as of such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the
Representative.

(f) Opinion
of Counsel for the Underwriters. On each of the First Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, the Representative shall
have received the opinion and negative assurance letter of Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C., counsel for the Underwriters
in connection with the offer and sale of the Securities, in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters, dated as of such date,
with executed copies for each of the other Underwriters named on the Prospectus cover page.

(g) Officers
Certificate. On each of the First Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, the Representative shall have received a certificate
executed by the Chief Executive Officer or President of the Company and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, dated as of such date,
to the effect set forth in Section 6(b)(ii) and further to the effect that:

(i) for
the period from and including the date of this Agreement through and including such date, there has not occurred any Material Adverse
Change;

27

(ii) the
representations, warranties and covenants of the Company set forth in Section 1 of this Agreement are true and correct with the same
force and effect as though expressly made on and as of such date; and

(iii) the
Company has complied with all the agreements hereunder and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder
at or prior to such date.

(h) Bring-down
Comfort Letters. On each of the First Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, the Representative shall have received
from each of Grant Thornton LLP and Plante & Moran, PLLC, independent registered public accountants for the Company, a letter
dated such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative, which letter shall: (i) reaffirm the respective statements
made in the letter furnished by them pursuant to Section 6, except that the specified date referred to therein for the carrying out
of procedures shall be no more than three business days prior to the First Closing Date or the applicable Option Closing Date, as the
case may be; and (ii) cover certain financial information contained in the Prospectus.

(i) Lock-Up
Agreements. On or prior to the date hereof, the Company shall have furnished to the Representative an agreement in the
form of Exhibit A hereto from each of the persons listed on Exhibit B hereto, and each such agreement shall be
in full force and effect on the First Closing Date and each Option Closing Date.

(j) Rule 462(b) Registration
Statement. In the event that a Rule 462(b) Registration Statement is filed in connection with the offering contemplated
by this Agreement, such Rule 462(b) Registration Statement shall have been filed with the Commission on the date of this Agreement
and shall have become effective automatically upon such filing.

(k) Nasdaq
Listing. On or prior to the First Closing Date, the Company shall have made all required submissions to Nasdaq regarding
the Securities and shall have not received any notice objecting to the listing of the Offered Shares and the Warrant Shares.

(l) Additional
Documents. On or before each of the First Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, the Representative and counsel for
the Underwriters shall have received such information, documents and opinions as they may reasonably request for the purposes of enabling
them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations
and warranties, or the satisfaction of any of the conditions or agreements, herein contained; and all proceedings taken by the Company
in connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated herein and in connection with the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative and counsel for the Underwriters.

(m) Form of
Warrants. On each of the First Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, the Pre-Funded Warrants shall be delivered to
those persons and entities as directed by the Representative in form and substance as set forth on Exhibit C hereto, dated
as of such date.

If any condition specified
in this Section 6 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representative
by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to the First Closing Date and, with respect to the Optional Shares, at any time on or
prior to the applicable Option Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability on the part of any party to any other party,
except that Section 4, Section 7, Section 9 and Section 10 shall at all times be effective and
shall survive such termination.

28

Section 7. Reimbursement
of Underwriters Expenses. If this Agreement is terminated by the Representative pursuant to Section 6, Section 11
or Section 12, or if the sale to the Underwriters of the Securities on the First Closing Date is not consummated because of
any refusal, inability or failure on the part of the Company to perform any agreement herein or to comply with any provision hereof, the
Company agrees to reimburse the Representative and the other Underwriters (or such Underwriters as have terminated this Agreement with
respect to themselves), severally, upon demand for all out-of-pocket expenses that shall have been reasonably incurred by the Representative
and the Underwriters in connection with the proposed purchase and the offering and sale of the Securities, including, but not limited
to, fees and disbursements of counsel, printing expenses, travel expenses, postage, facsimile and telephone charges.

Section 8. Effectiveness
of this Agreement. This Agreement shall become effective upon the execution and delivery hereof by the parties hereto.

Section 9. Indemnification.

(a) Indemnification
of the Underwriters. The Company agree to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates, directors, officers,
employees and agents, and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act
against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as incurred, to which such Underwriter or such affiliate, director, officer, employee,
agent or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, other federal or state statutory law or regulation,
or the laws or regulations of foreign jurisdictions where Securities have been offered or sold or at common law or otherwise (including
in settlement of any litigation, if such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company), insofar as such loss, claim,
damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based upon (i) any untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment thereto, or the omission
or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading;
or (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any preliminary prospectus, the Time of Sale
Prospectus, any free writing prospectus that the Company has used, referred to or filed, or is required to file, pursuant to Rule 433(d) of
the Securities Act, any Marketing Material or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement to the foregoing), or the omission or alleged
omission to state therein a material fact necessary in order to make the statements, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading; or (iii) any act or failure to act or any alleged act or failure to act by any Underwriter in connection
with, or relating in any manner to, the Securities or the offering contemplated hereby, and which is included as part of or referred to
in any loss, claim, damage, liability or action arising out of or based upon any matter covered by clause (i) or (ii) above;
and to reimburse each Underwriter and each such affiliate, director, officer, employee, agent and controlling person for any and all expenses
(including the fees and disbursements of counsel) as such expenses are incurred by such Underwriter or such affiliate, director, officer,
employee, agent or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim,
damage, liability, expense or action; provided, however, that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss,
claim, damage, liability or expense to the extent, but only to the extent, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged
untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any Underwriter
furnished to the Company by the Representative in writing expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus,
the Time of Sale Prospectus, any such free writing prospectus, any Marketing Material or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement
thereto), it being understood and agreed that the only such information consists of the information described in Section 9(b) below.
The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 9(a) shall be in addition to any liabilities that the Company may otherwise
have.

29

(b) Indemnification
of the Company, its Directors and Officers. Each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless
the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the
Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as incurred,
to which the Company, or any such director, officer or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act,
or other federal or state statutory law or regulation, or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement of any litigation, if such
settlement is effected with the written consent of such Underwriter), insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions
in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based upon (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of
a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment thereto, or any omission or alleged omission to state therein
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or (ii) any untrue statement
or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any preliminary prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus, any free writing prospectus
that the Company has used, referred to or filed, or is required to file, pursuant to Rule 433 of the Securities Act or the Prospectus
(or any such amendment or supplement) or the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact necessary in order to make
the statements, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to
the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in the Registration Statement,
such preliminary prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus, such free writing prospectus or the Prospectus (or any such amendment or supplement),
in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to such Underwriter furnished to the Company by the Representative in writing
expressly for use therein; and to reimburse the Company, or any such director, officer or controlling person for any and all expenses
(including the fees and disbursements of counsel) as such expenses are incurred by the Company, or any such director, officer or controlling
person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense
or action. The Company hereby acknowledges that the only information that the Representative has furnished to the Company expressly for
use in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus, any free writing prospectus that the Company
has filed, or is required to file, pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the Securities Act or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement
to the foregoing) are the statements set forth in the first sentence of the third paragraph; the fourth paragraph; the first two sentences
of the first paragraph under the section entitled Commission and Expenses; the first sentence of the first paragraph, the
third sentence of the second paragraph and the first sentence of the sixth paragraph under the section entitled Stabilization;
and the first and fourth sentences under the section entitled Electronic Distribution each under the caption Underwriting
in the Time of Sale Prospectus. The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 9(b) shall be in addition to any liabilities
that each Underwriter may otherwise have.

30

(c) Notifications
and Other Indemnification Procedures. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 9 of
notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying
party under this Section 9, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof, but the omission to so notify
the indemnifying party will not relieve the indemnifying party from any liability which it may have to any indemnified party to the extent
the indemnifying party is not materially prejudiced as a proximate result of such failure and shall not in any event relieve the indemnifying
party from any liability that it may have otherwise than on account of this indemnity agreement. In case any such action is brought against
any indemnified party and such indemnified party seeks or intends to seek indemnity from an indemnifying party, the indemnifying party
will be entitled to participate in, and, to the extent that it shall elect, jointly with all other indemnifying parties similarly notified,
by written notice delivered to the indemnified party promptly after receiving the aforesaid notice from such indemnified party, to assume
the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party; provided, however, that if the defendants
in any such action include both the indemnified party and the indemnifying party and the indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded
that a conflict may arise between the positions of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party in conducting the defense of any such
action or that there may be legal defenses available to it and/or other indemnified parties which are different from or additional to
those available to the indemnifying party, the indemnified party or parties shall have the right to select separate counsel to assume
such legal defenses and to otherwise participate in the defense of such action on behalf of such indemnified party or parties. Upon receipt
of notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of such indemnifying partys election to so assume the defense of
such action and approval by the indemnified party of counsel, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party under
this Section 9 for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the defense
thereof unless (i) the indemnified party shall have employed separate counsel in accordance with the proviso to the preceding sentence
(it being understood, however, that the indemnifying party shall not be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate counsel
(together with local counsel), representing the indemnified parties who are parties to such action), which counsel (together with any
local counsel) for the indemnified parties shall be selected by the Representative (in the case of counsel for the indemnified parties
referred to in Section 9(a) above) or by the Company (in the case of counsel for the indemnified parties referred to in Section 9(b) above))
or (ii) the indemnifying party shall not have employed counsel satisfactory to the indemnified party to represent the indemnified
party within a reasonable time after notice of commencement of the action or (iii) the indemnifying party has authorized in writing
the employment of counsel for the indemnified party at the expense of the indemnifying party, in each of which cases the fees and expenses
of counsel shall be at the expense of the indemnifying party and shall be paid as they are incurred.

(d) Settlements.
The indemnifying party under this Section 9 shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written
consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify
the indemnified party against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense by reason of such settlement or judgment. Notwithstanding
the foregoing sentence, if at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party
for fees and expenses of counsel as contemplated by Section 9(c) hereof, the indemnifying party shall be liable for any
settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 30 days after
receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request and (ii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed the indemnified
party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent
of the indemnified party, effect any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of judgment in any pending or threatened action, suit
or proceeding in respect of which any indemnified party is or could have been a party and indemnity was or could have been sought hereunder
by such indemnified party, unless such settlement, compromise or consent includes an unconditional release of such indemnified party from
all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such action, suit or proceeding and does not include an admission of fault or culpability
or a failure to act by or on behalf of such indemnified party.

31

Section 10. Contribution.
If the indemnification provided for in Section 9 is for any reason held to be unavailable to or otherwise insufficient to hold
harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying
party shall contribute to the aggregate amount paid or payable by such indemnified party, as incurred, as a result of any losses, claims,
damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received
by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, from the offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement
or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate
to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one
hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages,
liabilities or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company, on the
one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement shall
be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total proceeds from the offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement
(before deducting expenses) received by the Company, and the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by the Underwriters,
in each case as set forth on the front cover page of the Prospectus, bear to the aggregate initial offering price of the Securities
as set forth on such cover. The relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, shall be determined
by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission
to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company, on the one hand, or the Underwriters, on the other hand, and
the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission.

The amount paid or payable
by a party as a result of the losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject
to the limitations set forth in Section 9(c), any legal or other fees or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection
with investigating or defending any action or claim. The provisions set forth in Section 9(c) with respect to notice of
commencement of any action shall apply if a claim for contribution is to be made under this Section 10; provided, however,
that no additional notice shall be required with respect to any action for which notice has been given under Section 9(c) for
purposes of indemnification.

32

The Company and the Underwriters
agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 10 were determined by pro rata allocation
(even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account
of the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 10.

Notwithstanding the provisions
of this Section 10, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the underwriting discounts and commissions
received by such Underwriter in connection with the Securities underwritten by it and distributed to the public. No person guilty of fraudulent
misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person
who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The Underwriters obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 10
are several, and not joint, in proportion to their respective underwriting commitments as set forth opposite their respective names on
Schedule A. For purposes of this Section 10, each affiliate, director, officer, employee and agent of an Underwriter
and each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act shall have the same
rights to contribution as such Underwriter, and each director of the Company, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration
Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act shall have
the same rights to contribution as the Company.

Section 11. Default
of One or More of the Several Underwriters. If, on the First Closing Date or any Option Closing Date any one or more of the
several Underwriters shall fail or refuse to purchase Securities that it or they have agreed to purchase hereunder on such date, and the
aggregate number of Securities which such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed or refused to purchase does not exceed
10% of the aggregate number of the Securities to be purchased on such date, the Representative may make arrangements satisfactory to the
Company for the purchase of such Securities by other persons, including any of the Underwriters, but if no such arrangements are made
by such date, the other Underwriters shall be obligated, severally and not jointly, in the proportions that the number of Firm Shares
and Pre-Funded Warrants set forth opposite their respective names on Schedule A bears to the aggregate number of Firm Shares and
Pre-Funded Warrants set forth opposite the names of all such non-defaulting Underwriters, or in such other proportions as may be specified
by the Representative with the consent of the non-defaulting Underwriters, to purchase the Securities which such defaulting Underwriter
or Underwriters agreed but failed or refused to purchase on such date. If, on the First Closing Date or any Option Closing Date any one
or more of the Underwriters shall fail or refuse to purchase Securities and the aggregate number of Securities with respect to which such
default occurs exceeds 10% of the aggregate number of Securities to be purchased on such date, and arrangements satisfactory to the Representative
and the Company for the purchase of such Securities are not made within 48 hours after such default, this Agreement shall terminate without
liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Section 4, Section 7, Section 9
and Section 10 shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination. In any such case either the Representative
or the Company shall have the right to postpone the First Closing Date or the applicable Option Closing Date, as the case may be, but
in no event for longer than seven days in order that the required changes, if any, to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus or
any other documents or arrangements may be effected.

33

As used in this Agreement,
the term Underwriter shall be deemed to include any person substituted for a defaulting Underwriter under this Section 11.
Any action taken under this Section 11 shall not relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of any default
of such Underwriter under this Agreement.

Section 12. Termination
of this Agreement. Prior to the purchase of the Securities by the Underwriters on the First Closing Date, this Agreement may
be terminated by the Representative by notice given to the Company if at any time: (i) trading or quotation in any of the Companys
securities shall have been suspended or limited by the Commission or by Nasdaq, or trading in securities generally on either Nasdaq or
the NYSE shall have been suspended or limited, or minimum or maximum prices shall have been generally established on any of such stock
exchanges; (ii) a general banking moratorium shall have been declared by any of federal or New York authorities; (iii) there
shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of national or international hostilities or any crisis or calamity, or any change in the
United States or international financial markets, or any substantial change or development involving a prospective substantial change
in United States or international political, financial or economic conditions, as in the judgment of the Representative is material
and adverse and makes it impracticable to market the Securities in the manner and on the terms described in the Time of Sale Prospectus
or the Prospectus or to enforce contracts for the sale of securities; (iv) in the judgment of the Representative there shall have
occurred any Material Adverse Change; or (v) the Company shall have sustained a loss by strike, fire, flood, earthquake, accident
or other calamity of such character as in the judgment of the Representative may interfere materially with the conduct of the business
and operations of the Company regardless of whether or not such loss shall have been insured. Any termination pursuant to this Section 12
shall be without liability on the part of (a) the Company to any Underwriter, except that the Company shall be obligated to reimburse
the expenses of the Representative and the Underwriters pursuant to Section 4 or Section 7 hereof or (b) any
Underwriter to the Company; provided, however, that the provisions of Section 9 and Section 10 shall at all times
be effective and shall survive such termination.

Section 13. No
Advisory or Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (a) the purchase and sale of the Securities
pursuant to this Agreement, including the determination of the offering price of the Securities and any related discounts and commissions,
is an arms-length commercial transaction between the Company, on the one hand, and the several Underwriters, on the other hand,
(b) in connection with the offering contemplated hereby and the process leading to such transaction, each Underwriter is and has
been acting solely as a principal and is not the agent or fiduciary of the Company, or the Companys stockholders, or its creditors,
employees or any other party, (c) no Underwriter has assumed or will assume an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the
Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter has
advised or is currently advising the Company on other matters) and no Underwriter has any obligation to the Company with respect to the
offering contemplated hereby except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement, (d) the Underwriters and their respective
affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company, (e) the
Underwriters have not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the offering contemplated hereby and the
Company has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate, and (f) none of
the activities of the Underwriters in connection with the transactions contemplated herein constitutes a recommendation, investment advice,
or solicitation of any action by the Underwriters with respect to any entity or natural person.

34

Section 14. Representations
and Indemnities to Survive Delivery. The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements
of the Company, of its officers and of the several Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will remain in full force
and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or the Company or any of its or their partners, officers
or directors or any controlling person, as the case may be, and, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, will survive delivery
of and payment for the Securities sold hereunder and any termination of this Agreement.

Section 15. Notices.
All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered or telecopied and confirmed to the parties hereto
as follows:

If to the Representative: Guggenheim
Securities, LLC

330 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10017

Attention: General Counsel

with a copy to: Mintz,
Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C.

One Financial Center

Boston, MA 02111

Attention: William C. Hicks; John T. Rudy; Alok Choksi

Email: WCHicks@mintz.com

JRudy@mintz.com

AChoksi@mintz.com

If to the Company: Rezolute, Inc.

275 Shoreline Drive, Suite 500

Redwood City, California 94065

Telephone: 650-206-4507

Attention: Nevan Elam, Chief Executive Officer

with a copy to: Dorsey &
Whitney LLP

1400 Wewatta Street, Suite 400

Denver, Colorado 80202

Attention: Anthony W. Epps

Any party hereto may change the address for receipt
of communications by giving written notice to the others.

Section 16. Successors.
This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, including any substitute Underwriters pursuant to
Section 11 hereof, and to the benefit of the affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents and controlling persons referred
to in Section 9 and Section 10, and in each case their respective successors, and personal representatives, and no
other person will have any right or obligation hereunder. The term successors shall not include any purchaser of
the Securities as such from any of the Underwriters merely by reason of such purchase.

35

Section 17. Partial
Unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not affect
the validity or enforceability of any other section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement
is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor
changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable.

Section 18. Recognition
of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes.

(a) In
the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer
from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent
as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were
governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

(b) In
the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under
a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted to
be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement
were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

For
purposes of this Agreement, (A) BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate
in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k); (B) Covered Entity means any of the
following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);
(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a
covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b); (C) Default
Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81,
47.2 or 382.1, as applicable; and (D) U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

Section 19. Governing
Law Provisions. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New
York applicable to agreements made and to be performed in such state. Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (Related Proceedings) may be instituted in the federal courts
of the United States of America located in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York or the courts of the State of New York in
each case located in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York (collectively, the Specified Courts), and each
party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction (except for proceedings instituted in regard to the enforcement of a judgment
of any such court (a Related Judgment), as to which such jurisdiction is non-exclusive) of such courts in any such
suit, action or proceeding. Service of any process, summons, notice or document by mail to such partys address set forth above
shall be effective service of process for any suit, action or other proceeding brought in any such court. The parties irrevocably and
unconditionally waive any objection to the laying of venue of any suit, action or other proceeding in the Specified Courts and irrevocably
and unconditionally waive and agree not to plead or claim in any such court that any such suit, action or other proceeding brought in
any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

36

Section 20. General
Provisions. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all prior written
or oral and all contemporaneous oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement
may be executed in two or more counterparts, each one of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto
and hereto were upon the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including any electronic signature
covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other
applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method, and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly
and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. This Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing by
all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived unless waived in writing by each party whom the
condition is meant to benefit. The section headings herein are for the convenience of the parties only and shall not affect the construction
or interpretation of this Agreement.

Each of the parties hereto
acknowledges that it is a sophisticated business person who was adequately represented by counsel during negotiations regarding the provisions
hereof, including, without limitation, the indemnification provisions of Section 9 and the contribution provisions of Section 10,
and is fully informed regarding said provisions. Each of the parties hereto further acknowledges that the provisions of Section 9
and Section 10 hereof fairly allocate the risks in light of the ability of the parties to investigate the Company, its affairs
and its business in order to assure that adequate disclosure has been made in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus,
the Time of Sale Prospectus, each free writing prospectus and the Prospectus (and any amendments and supplements to the foregoing), as
contemplated by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act.

[Signature Page Follows]

37

If the foregoing is in accordance
with your understanding of our agreement, kindly sign and return to the Company the enclosed copies hereof, whereupon this instrument,
along with all counterparts hereof, shall become a binding agreement in accordance with its terms.

Very truly yours,

REZOLUTE, INC.

By: /s/ Nevan Charles Elam

Name: Nevan Charles Elam

Title: CEO

The foregoing Underwriting
Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted by the Representative in New York, New York as of the date first above written.

GUGGENHEIM SECURITIES, LLC

Acting individually and as Representative

of the several Underwriters named in

the attached Schedule A.

GUGGENHEIM SECURITIES, LLC

By: /s/ Jordan Bliss 

Name: Jordan Bliss 

Title: Senior Managing Director 

38

Schedule A

Underwriters Number of Firm Shares to be Purchased Number of Pre-Funded Warrants to be Purchased 

Guggenheim Securities, LLC 15,694,127 5,213,565 

BTIG, LLC 1,351,150 448,850 

H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC 1,351,150 448,850 

JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC 1,351,150 448,850 

Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC 519,673 172,635 

Maxim Group LLC 519,673 172,635 

Total 20,786,923 6,905,385 

A - 1

Schedule B

Free Writing Prospectuses Included in the
Time of Sale Prospectus

None.

B - 1

Exhibit A

Form of Lock-up Agreement

April __, 2025

Guggenheim Securities,
LLC

As Representative of the Several Underwriters

Guggenheim Securities, LLC

330 Madison Avenue

New York, NY 10017

RE: Rezolute, Inc. (the Company)

Ladies & Gentlemen:

The undersigned is an owner of shares of common
stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (Shares) or of securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable
for Shares. The Company proposes to conduct an offering of Shares and/or Related Securities (the Offering) for
which Guggenheim Securities, LLC (Guggenheim Securities) will act as the representative of the underwriters (in such
capacity, the Representative). The undersigned recognizes that the Offering will benefit each of the Company and
the undersigned. The undersigned acknowledges that the underwriters are relying on the representations and agreements of the undersigned
contained in this letter agreement in conducting the Offering and, at a subsequent date, in entering into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting
Agreement) and other underwriting arrangements with the Company with respect to the Offering.

Annex A sets forth definitions for capitalized
terms used in this letter agreement that are not defined in the body of this agreement. Those definitions are a part of this agreement.

In consideration of the foregoing, and for other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the undersigned hereby agrees that, during
the Lock-up Period, the undersigned will not (and will cause any Family Member not to), without the prior written consent of Guggenheim
Securities, which may withhold its consent in its sole discretion:

Sell or Offer to Sell any Shares or Related Securities currently or hereafter owned either of record or
beneficially (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) by the undersigned or such Family Member;

enter into any Swap;

make any demand for, or exercise any right with respect to, the registration under the Securities Act
of the offer and sale of any Shares or Related Securities, or cause to be filed a registration statement, prospectus or prospectus supplement
(or an amendment or supplement thereto) with respect to any such registration; or

publicly announce any intention to do any of the foregoing.

Exhibit A - 1

The foregoing will not apply to the registration
of the offer and sale of the Shares and/or Related Securities, and the sale of the Shares and/or Related Securities to the underwriters,
in each case as contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement. In addition, the foregoing restrictions shall not apply to: (a) the transfer
of Shares or Related Securities by gift to a Family Member or to a trust whose beneficiaries consist exclusively of one or more of the
undersigned and/or a Family Member, provided that (i) such transfer is not for value, (ii) if required during the Lock-up
Period, any public report or filing shall clearly indicate in the footnotes thereto that such transfer is being made pursuant to the circumstances
described in this clause (a), and (iii) the undersigned does not otherwise voluntarily effect any other public filing or report regarding
such transfers during the Lock-Up Period; (b) the transfer of Shares or Related Securities by will or intestate succession to a Family
Member or to a trust whose beneficiaries consist exclusively of one or more of the undersigned and/or a Family Member; (c) the transfer
of Shares or Related Securities by operation of law pursuant to a court order or settlement agreement related to the distribution of assets
in connection with the dissolution of a marriage or civil union; (d) the entry into any trading plan established pursuant to Rule 10b5-1
of the Exchange Act, provided that (i) such plan does not permit dispositions or sales of Shares or any Related Securities
during the Lock-up Period and (ii) to the extent a public announcement or filing under the Exchange Act, if any, is required by or
on behalf of the undersigned or the Company regarding the establishment of such plan, such announcement or filing shall include a statement
to the effect that no transfer of Shares or Related Securities may be made under such plan during the Lock-Up Period; (e) any transfer
of Shares or Related Securities by the undersigned to the Company upon the exercise of options to cover tax withholding obligations in
connection with such exercise or for the primary purpose of paying the exercise price of options to acquire Shares in each case pursuant
to a stock option, stock bonus or other stock plan or arrangement existing as of the date hereof and described in the Prospectus related
to this Offering, provided that any Shares or Related Securities received as a result of such exercise shall remain subject to
this letter agreement; (f) the transfer of the undersigneds Shares or Related Securities pursuant to a sale of or an offer
to purchase 100% of the common stock of the Company in a transaction approved by the Company, whether pursuant to a merger, tender offer
or otherwise, to a third party or group of third parties, provided that in the event that the merger, tender offer or other such
transaction is not completed, the Shares and Related Securities owned by the undersigned shall remain subject to the restrictions contained
in this letter agreement; (g) if the undersigned is a non-individual, transfer of Shares or Related Securities to any affiliate (as
such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act), limited partners, general partners, limited liability company members or
stockholders of the undersigned, or, if the undersigned is a corporation, to any wholly owned subsidiary of such corporation, if, in any
such case, such transfer is not for value; or (h) the transfer of Shares or Related Securities to a charitable trust.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of
any transfer described in clauses (a), (b), (g) and (h) above, it shall be a condition to such transfer that:

each transferee executes and delivers to the Representative an agreement in form and substance satisfactory
to the Representative stating that such transferee is receiving and holding such Shares and/or Related Securities subject to the provisions
of this letter agreement and agrees not to Sell or Offer to Sell such Shares and/or Related Securities, engage in any Swap or engage in
any other activities restricted under this letter agreement except in accordance with this letter agreement (as if such transferee had
been an original signatory hereto); and

except in the case of clause (a) above, prior to the expiration of the Lock-up Period, no public
disclosure or filing under the Exchange Act by any party to the transfer (donor, donee, transferor or transferee) shall be required, or
made voluntarily, reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership of Shares in connection with such transfer.

2

The undersigned also agrees and consents to the
entry of stop transfer instructions with the Companys transfer agent and registrar against the transfer of Shares or Related Securities
held by the undersigned and the undersigneds Family Members, if any, except in compliance with the foregoing restrictions.

With respect to the Offering only, the undersigned
waives any registration rights relating to registration under the Securities Act of the offer and sale of any Shares and/or any Related
Securities owned either of record or beneficially by the undersigned, including any rights to receive notice of the Offering.

The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that the
underwriters have not provided any recommendation or investment advice nor have the underwriters solicited any action from the undersigned
with respect to the Offering and the undersigned has consulted their own legal, accounting, financial, regulatory and tax advisors to
the extent deemed appropriate. The undersigned further acknowledges and agrees that, although the underwriters may be required or choose
to provide certain disclosures to you under the Regulation Best Interest and Form CRS under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in
connection with the Offering, the underwriters are not making a recommendation to you to enter into this letter agreement or participate
in this Offering, and nothing set forth in such disclosures is intended to suggest that the underwriters are making such a recommendation.

Whether or not the Offering occurs as currently
contemplated or at all depends on market conditions and other factors. The Offering will only be made pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement,
the terms of which are subject to negotiation between the Company and the underwriters.

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants
that the undersigned has full power, capacity and authority to enter into this letter agreement. This letter agreement is irrevocable
and will be binding on the undersigned and the successors, heirs, personal representatives and assigns of the undersigned.

This letter agreement will automatically terminate
upon the earliest to occur, if any, of (a) the date the Company advises Guggenheim Securities in writing, prior to the execution
of the Underwriting Agreement, that it has determined not to proceed with the Offering, (b) the date of the termination of the Underwriting
Agreement if prior to the closing of the Offering and (c) April 30, 2025 if the Underwriting Agreement has not been executed
and delivered by the Company by such date.

This letter agreement shall be governed by, and
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

This
letter agreement may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the
U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g. www.docusign.com or www.echosign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart
so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

3

Signature 

Printed Name of Authorized Signatory 

(Indicate capacity of person signing if

signing as custodian or trustee, or on behalf

of an entity)

4

Certain Defined Terms

Used in Lock-up Agreement

For purposes of the letter agreement to which
this Annex A is attached and of which it is made a part:

Call Equivalent Position shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 16a-1(b) under
the Exchange Act.

Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Family Member shall mean the spouse of the undersigned, an immediate family member
of the undersigned or an immediate family member of the undersigneds spouse, in each case living in the undersigneds household
or whose principal residence is the undersigneds household (regardless of whether such spouse or family member may at the time
be living elsewhere due to educational activities, health care treatment, military service, temporary internship or employment or otherwise).
Immediate family member as used above shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 16a-1(e) under the Exchange
Act.

Lock-up Period shall mean the period beginning on the date hereof and continuing
through the close of trading on the date that is 90 days after the date of the Prospectus (as defined in the Underwriting Agreement).

Put Equivalent Position shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 16a-1(h) under
the Exchange Act.

Related Securities shall mean any options or warrants or other rights to acquire
Shares or any securities exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into Shares, or to acquire other securities or rights ultimately
exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into Shares.

Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Sell or Offer to Sell shall mean to:

- sell, offer to sell, contract to sell or lend,

- effect any short sale or establish or increase a Put Equivalent Position or liquidate or decrease any
Call Equivalent Position

- pledge, hypothecate or grant any security interest in, or

- in any other way transfer or dispose of,

in each case whether effected
directly or indirectly.

Swap shall mean any swap, hedge or similar arrangement or agreement that transfers,
in whole or in part, the economic risk of ownership of Shares or Related Securities, regardless of whether any such transaction is to
be settled in securities, in cash or otherwise.

Capitalized terms not defined in this Annex A
shall have the meanings given to them in the body of this lock-up agreement.

5

Exhibit B

Directors and Executive Officers

Signing Lock-up Agreement

6

Exhibit C

Form of Pre-Funded Warrant

[See attached.]

Exhibit C - 1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2512716d3_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

FORM OF PRE-FUNDED WARRANT TO PURCHASE
COMMON STOCK

Number of Shares: [ ]

(subject to adjustment)

Warrant No.

Rezolute, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company),
hereby certifies that, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, [ ] or its registered
assigns (the Holder), is entitled, subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase from the Company up to a total
of [ ] shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock), of the Company (each such share,
a Warrant Share and all such shares, the Warrant Shares) at an exercise price per share equal
to $0.001 per share (as adjusted from time to time as provided in Section 9 herein, the Exercise Price),
upon surrender of this Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (including any Warrants to Purchase Common Stock issued in exchange,
transfer or replacement hereof, the Warrant) at any time and from time to time on or after the date hereof (the Original
Issue Date), subject to the following terms and conditions:

1. Definitions. For purposes of this Warrant, the following
terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) Affiliate means any Person directly or
indirectly controlled by, controlling or under common control with, a Holder, but only for so long as such control shall continue. For
purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meanings, controlled by, controlling
and under common control with) means, with respect to a Person, possession, direct or indirect, of (a) the power to
direct or cause direction of the management and policies of such Person (whether through ownership of securities or partnership or other
ownership interests, by contract or otherwise), or (b) at least 50% of the voting securities (whether directly or pursuant to any
option, warrant or other similar arrangement) or other comparable equity interests.

(b) Commission means the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission.

(c) Closing Sale Price means, for any security
as of any date, the last trade price for such security on the Principal Trading Market for such security, as reported by Bloomberg Financial
Markets, or, if such Principal Trading Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the last trade price,
then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 P.M., New York City time, as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets, or if the
foregoing do not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such
security as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date
on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined
by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then the
Board of Directors of the Company shall use its good faith judgment to determine the fair market value. The Board of Directors
determination shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable error. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for
any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period.

(d) Principal Trading Market means the national
securities exchange or other trading market on which the Common Stock is primarily listed on and quoted for trading, which, as of the
Original Issue Date, shall be the Nasdaq Capital Market.

(e) Registration Statement means the Companys
Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-275562), declared effective on November 29, 2023.

(f) Securities Act means the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended.

(g) Trading Day means any weekday on which
the Principal Trading Market is normally open for trading.

(h) Transfer Agent means Issuer Direct Corporation,
the Companys transfer agent and registrar for the Common Stock, and any successor appointed in such capacity.

2. Issuance of Securities; Registration of Warrants. The Warrant,
as initially issued by the Company, is offered and sold pursuant to the Registration Statement. As of the Original Issue Date, the Warrant
Shares are issuable under the Registration Statement. Accordingly, the Warrant and, assuming issuance pursuant to the Registration Statement
or an exchange meeting the requirements of Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the Original Issue Date, the
Warrant Shares, are not restricted securities under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act. The Company shall
register ownership of this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register),
in the name of the record Holder (which shall include the initial Holder or, as the case may be, any assignee to which this Warrant is
assigned hereunder) from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof
for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

3. Registration of Transfers. Subject to compliance with all
applicable securities laws, the Company shall, or will cause its Transfer Agent to, register the transfer of all or any portion of this
Warrant in the Warrant Register, upon surrender of this Warrant, and payment for all applicable transfer taxes (if any). Upon any such
registration or transfer, a new warrant to purchase Common Stock in substantially the form of this Warrant (any such new warrant, a New
Warrant) evidencing the portion of this Warrant so transferred shall be issued to the transferee, and a New Warrant evidencing
the remaining portion of this Warrant not so transferred, if any, shall be issued to the transferring Holder. The acceptance of the New
Warrant by the transferee thereof shall be deemed the acceptance by such transferee of all of the rights and obligations in respect of
the New Warrant that the Holder has in respect of this Warrant. The Company shall, or will cause its Transfer Agent to, prepare, issue
and deliver at the Companys own expense any New Warrant under this Section 3. Until due presentment for registration
of transfer, the Company may treat the registered Holder hereof as the owner and holder for all purposes, and the Company shall not be
affected by any notice to the contrary.

4. Exercise and Duration of Warrants.

(a) All or any part of this Warrant shall be exercisable by the
registered Holder in any manner permitted by this Warrant at any time and from time to time on or after the Original Issue Date.

(b) The Holder may exercise this Warrant by delivering to the
Company (i) an exercise notice, in the form attached as Schedule 1 hereto (the Exercise Notice), completed
and duly signed, and (ii) payment of the Exercise Price for the number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant is being exercised
(which may take the form of a cashless exercise if so indicated in the Exercise Notice pursuant to Section 10
below), and the date on which the last of such items is delivered to the Company (as determined in accordance with the notice provisions
hereof) is an Exercise Date. The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original Warrant in order to effect
an exercise hereunder. Execution and delivery of the Exercise Notice shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original Warrant
and issuance of a New Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the remaining number of Warrant Shares, if any. The aggregate exercise
price of this Warrant, except for the Exercise Price, was pre-funded to the Company on or before the Original Issue Date, and consequently
no additional consideration (other than the Exercise Price) shall be required by to be paid by the Holder to effect any exercise of this
Warrant. The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-funded exercise price under any
circumstance or for any reason whatsoever.

5. Delivery of Warrant Shares.

(a) Upon exercise of this Warrant, the Company shall promptly
(but in no event later than two (2) Trading Days after the Exercise Date), upon the request of the Holder, credit such aggregate
number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the Holders or its designees
balance account with The Depository Trust Company (DTC) through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system, or
if the Transfer Agent is not participating in the Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program (the FAST Program) or
if the certificates are required to bear a legend regarding restriction on transferability, issue and dispatch by overnight courier to
the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder
or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise. The Holder, or any
natural person or legal entity (each, a Person) so designated by the Holder to receive Warrant Shares, shall be deemed to
have become the holder of record of such Warrant Shares as of the Exercise Date, irrespective of the date such Warrant Shares are credited
to the Holders DTC account or the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Warrant Shares, as the case may be.

(b) If by the close of the first (1st)
Trading Day after the Exercise Date, the Company fails to deliver to the Holder a certificate representing the required number of Warrant
Shares in the manner required pursuant to Section 5(a) or fails to credit the Holders balance account with DTC
for such number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled, and if after such first (1st) Trading Day and prior to the receipt
of such Warrant Shares, the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction
of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall, within two (2) Trading Days after the Holders request and in the Holders sole discretion, either
(1) pay in cash to the Holder an amount equal to the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any)
for the shares of Common Stock so purchased, at which point the Companys obligation to deliver such certificate (and to issue such
Warrant Shares) shall terminate or (2) promptly honor its obligation to deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing
such Warrant Shares and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of Holders total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased in the Buy-In over the product of (A) the number of shares
of Common Stock purchased in the Buy-In, times (B) the Closing Sale Price of a share of Common Stock on the Exercise Date.

(c) To the extent permitted by law and subject to Section 5(b),
the Companys obligations to issue and deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with and subject to the terms hereof (including the
limitations set forth in Section 11 below) are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder
to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any
action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the
Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law by the Holder or any other Person,
and irrespective of any other circumstance that might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company to the Holder in connection with
the issuance of Warrant Shares. Subject to Section 5(b), nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to pursue any other
remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive
relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver certificates representing shares of Common Stock upon exercise of
the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

6. Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance and delivery of certificates
for shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax, transfer
agent fee or other incidental tax or expense (excluding any applicable stamp duties) in respect of the issuance of such certificates,
all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to pay
any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the registration of any certificates for Warrant Shares or the Warrants
in a name other than that of the Holder or an Affiliate thereof. The Holder shall be responsible for all other tax liability that may
arise as a result of holding or transferring this Warrant or receiving Warrant Shares upon exercise hereof.

7. Replacement of Warrant. If this Warrant is mutilated, lost,
stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation hereof, or in
lieu of and substitution for this Warrant, a New Warrant, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of
such loss, theft or destruction (in such case) and, in each case, a customary and reasonable indemnity and surety bond, if requested by
the Company. Applicants for a New Warrant under such circumstances shall also comply with such other reasonable regulations and procedures
and pay such other reasonable third-party costs as the Company may prescribe. If a New Warrant is requested as a result of a mutilation
of this Warrant, then the Holder shall deliver such mutilated Warrant to the Company as a condition precedent to the Companys obligation
to issue the New Warrant.

8. Reservation of Warrant Shares. The Company covenants that
it will, at all times while this Warrant is outstanding, reserve and keep available out of the aggregate of its authorized but unissued
and otherwise unreserved Common Stock, solely for the purpose of enabling it to issue Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant as
herein provided, the number of Warrant Shares that are initially issuable and deliverable upon the exercise of this entire Warrant, free
from preemptive rights or any other contingent purchase rights of persons other than the Holder (taking into account the adjustments and
restrictions of Section 9). The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares so issuable and deliverable shall, upon issuance
and the payment of the applicable Exercise Price in accordance with the terms hereof, be duly and validly authorized, issued and fully
paid and non-assessable. The Company will take all such action as may be reasonably necessary to assure that such shares of Common Stock
may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of any securities exchange
or automated quotation system upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company further covenants that it will not, without the prior
written consent of the Holder, take any actions to increase the par value of the Common Stock at any time while this Warrant is outstanding.

9. Certain Adjustments. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant
Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant are subject to adjustment from time to time as set forth in this Section 9.

(a) Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any
time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) pays a stock dividend on its Common Stock or otherwise makes a distribution on any class
of capital stock issued and outstanding on the Original Issue Date and in accordance with the terms of such stock on the Original Issue
Date or as amended, as described in the Registration Statement, that is payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivides its outstanding
shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares of Common Stock, (iii) combines its outstanding shares of Common Stock into
a smaller number of shares of Common Stock or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of capital stock any additional shares of
Common Stock of the Company, then in each such case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event and the denominator of which shall be the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall
become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution,
provided, however, that if such record date shall have been fixed and such dividend is not fully paid on the date fixed therefor, the
Exercise Price shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such record date and thereafter the Exercise Price shall
be adjusted pursuant to this paragraph as of the time of actual payment of such dividends. Any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or
(iii) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision or combination.

(b) Pro Rata Distributions. If the Company, at any time
while this Warrant is outstanding, distributes to all holders of Common Stock for no consideration (i) evidences of its indebtedness,
(ii) any security (other than a distribution of Common Stock covered by the preceding paragraph) or (iii) rights or warrants
to subscribe for or purchase any security, or (iv) cash or any other asset (in each case, Distributed Property),
then, upon any exercise of this Warrant that occurs after the record date fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to receive
such distribution, the Holder shall be entitled to receive, in addition to the Warrant Shares otherwise issuable upon such exercise (if
applicable), the Distributed Property that such Holder would have been entitled to receive in respect of such number of Warrant Shares
had the Holder been the record holder of such Warrant Shares immediately prior to such record date without regard to any limitation on
exercise contained therein.

(c) Fundamental Transactions. If, at any time while this
Warrant is outstanding (i) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, in which the
Company is not the surviving entity and in which the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such merger or consolidation do
not own, directly or indirectly, at least 50% of the voting power of the surviving entity immediately after such merger or consolidation,
(ii) the Company effects any sale to another Person of all or substantially all of its assets in one transaction or a series of related
transactions, (iii) pursuant to any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person), holders of capital
stock tender shares representing more than 50% of the voting power of the capital stock of the Company and the Company or such other Person,
as applicable, accepts such tender for payment, (iv) the Company consummates a stock purchase agreement or other business combination
(including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such
other Person acquires more than the 50% of the voting power of the capital stock of the Company (except for any such transaction in which
the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction maintain, in substantially the same proportions, the voting power
of such Person immediately after the transaction) or (v) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other
than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock covered by Section 9(a) above) (in any such
case, a Fundamental Transaction), then following such Fundamental Transaction the Holder shall have the right to
receive, upon exercise of this Warrant, the same amount and kind of securities, cash or property as it would have been entitled to receive
upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been, immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of the
number of Warrant Shares then issuable upon exercise in full of this Warrant without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein
(the Alternate Consideration). The Company shall not effect any Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not
the surviving entity or the Alternate Consideration includes securities of another Person unless (i) the Alternate Consideration
is solely cash and the Company provides for the simultaneous cashless exercise of this Warrant pursuant to Section 10
below or (ii) prior to or simultaneously with the consummation thereof, any successor to the Company, surviving entity or other Person
(including any purchaser of assets of the Company) shall assume the obligation to deliver to the Holder such Alternate Consideration as,
in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Holder may be entitled to receive, and the other obligations under this Warrant. The
provisions of this paragraph (c) shall similarly apply to subsequent transactions analogous of a Fundamental Transaction type.

(d) Number of Warrant Shares. Simultaneously with any adjustment
to the Exercise Price pursuant to Section 9, the number of Warrant Shares that may be purchased upon exercise of this Warrant
shall be increased or decreased proportionately, so that after such adjustment the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder for the
increased or decreased number of Warrant Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such
adjustment.

(e) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 9
shall be made to the nearest one-tenth of one cent or the nearest share, as applicable.

(f) Notice of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each
adjustment pursuant to this Section 9, the Company at its expense will, at the written request of the Holder, promptly compute
such adjustment, in good faith, in accordance with the terms of this Warrant and prepare a certificate setting forth such adjustment,
including a statement of the adjusted Exercise Price and adjusted number or type of Warrant Shares or other securities issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant (as applicable), describing the transactions giving rise to such adjustments and showing in detail the facts upon which
such adjustment is based. Upon written request, the Company will promptly deliver a copy of each such certificate to the Holder and to
the Companys transfer agent.

(g) Notice of Corporate Events. If, while this Warrant
is outstanding, the Company (i) declares a dividend or any other distribution of cash, securities or other property in respect of
its Common Stock, including, without limitation, any granting of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any capital stock of
the Company or any subsidiary, (ii) authorizes or approves, enters into any agreement contemplating or solicits stockholder approval
for any Fundamental Transaction or (iii) authorizes the voluntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company,
then, except if such notice and the contents thereof shall be deemed to constitute material non-public information, the Company shall
deliver to the Holder a notice of such transaction at least ten (10) days prior to the applicable record or effective date on which
a Person would need to hold Common Stock in order to participate in or vote with respect to such transaction; provided, however,
that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be described
in such notice. In addition, if while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company authorizes or approves, enters into any agreement contemplating
or solicits stockholder approval for any Fundamental Transaction contemplated by Section 9(c), other than a Fundamental Transaction
under clause (iii) of Section 9(c), the Company shall deliver to the Holder a notice of such Fundamental Transaction at least
thirty (30) days prior to the date such Fundamental Transaction is consummated. Holder agrees to maintain any information disclosed pursuant
to this Section 9(g) in confidence until such information is publicly available, and shall comply with applicable law with respect
to trading in the Companys securities following receipt any such information.

10. Payment of Exercise Price. Notwithstanding anything contained
herein to the contrary, the Holder may, in its sole discretion, satisfy its obligation to pay the Exercise Price through a cashless
exercise, in which event the Company shall issue to the Holder the number of Warrant Shares in an exchange of securities effected
pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, as determined as follows:

X = Y [(A-B)/A]

where:

X equals the number of Warrant Shares to be issued to
the Holder;

Y equals the total number of Warrant Shares with respect
to which this Warrant is then being exercised;

A equals the Closing Sale Prices of the shares of Common
Stock (as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets) as of the Trading Day on the date immediately preceding the Exercise Date; and

B equals the Exercise Price then in effect for the applicable
Warrant Shares at the time of such exercise.

For purposes of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act,
it is intended, understood and acknowledged that the Warrant Shares issued in a cashless exercise transaction shall be deemed
to have been acquired by the Holder, and the holding period for the Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have commenced, on the date this
Warrant was originally issued (provided that the Commission continues to take the position that such treatment is proper at the time of
such exercise). In the event that the Registration Statement or another registration statement registering the issuance of Warrant Shares
is, for any reason, not effective at the time of exercise of this Warrant, then the Warrant may only be exercised through a cashless exercise,
as set forth in this Section 10. Except as set forth in Section 5(b) (Buy-In remedy) and Section 12 (payment of cash
in lieu of fractional shares), in no event will the exercise of this Warrant be settled in cash.

11. Limitations on Exercise.

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Company
shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and the holder shall not be entitled to exercise this Warrant for a number of Warrant Shares
in excess of that number of Warrant Shares which, upon giving effect or immediately prior to such exercise, would cause (i) the aggregate
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder, its Affiliates and any Persons who are members of a Section 13(d) group
with such Holder or its Affiliates to exceed [4.99%/9.99%/19.99%] (the Maximum Percentage) of the total number of issued
and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company following such exercise, or (ii) the combined voting power of the securities
of the Company beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and any other Persons who are members of a Section 13(d) group
with such Holder or its Affiliates to exceed the Maximum Percentage of the combined voting power of all of the securities of the Company
then outstanding following such exercise. For purposes of this paragraph, beneficial ownership and whether a holder is a member of a Section 13(d) group
shall be calculated and determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder.
For purposes of this Warrant, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (x) the Companys most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Annual Report on
Form 10-K, as the case may be, filed with the Commission prior to the date hereof, (y) a more recent public announcement by
the Company or (z) any other notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding.
Upon the written request of the Holder, the Company shall within three (3) Trading Days confirm in writing or by electronic mail
to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall
be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder since
the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. By written notice to the Company, the Holder may
from time to time increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage specified not in excess of 19.99% specified in such
notice; provided that any such increase will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company.
For purposes of this Section 11(a), the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock or voting securities beneficially owned by the
Holder and its Affiliates and any other Persons who are members of a Section 13(d) group with such Holder or its Affiliates
shall include the shares of Common Stock issuable upon: (x) the exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination
is being made plus the remaining unexercised and non-cancelled portion of this Warrant but taking into account the limitations on exercise
contained herein, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would otherwise be issuable upon exercise of the remaining
unexercised and non-cancelled portion of this Warrant but for the limitations on exercise contained herein; and (y) the exercise
or conversion of the unexercised, non-converted or non-cancelled portion of any other securities of the Company beneficially owned by
the Holder or any of its Affiliates and other Persons who are members of a Section 13(d) group with such Holder or its Affiliates
that do not have voting power (including without limitation any securities of the Company which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at
any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock), but
shall exclude any such securities subject to any further limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein.

(b) This Section 11 shall not restrict the number
of shares of Common Stock which a Holder may receive or beneficially own in order to determine the amount of securities or other consideration
that such Holder may receive in the event of a Fundamental Transaction as contemplated in Section 9(c) of this Warrant.

12. No Fractional Shares. No fractional Warrant Shares will
be issued in connection with any exercise of this Warrant. In lieu of any fractional shares that would otherwise be issuable, the number
of Warrant Shares to be issued shall be rounded down to the next whole number and the Company shall pay the Holder in cash the fair market
value (based on the Closing Sale Price) for any such fractional shares.

13. Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or
deliveries hereunder (including, without limitation, any Exercise Notice) shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective
on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or confirmed e-mail at
the facsimile number or e-mail address specified in the books and records of the Transfer Agent prior to 5:30 P.M., New York City time,
on a Trading Day, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile
or confirmed e-mail at the facsimile number or e-mail address specified in the books and records of the Transfer Agent on a day that is
not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 P.M., New York City time, on any Trading Day, (iii) the Trading Day following the date of mailing,
if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service specifying next business day delivery, or (iv) upon actual receipt by
the Person to whom such notice is required to be given, if by hand delivery.

14. Warrant Agent. The Company shall initially serve as warrant
agent under this Warrant. Upon thirty (30) days notice to the Holder, the Company may appoint a new warrant agent. Any corporation
into which the Company or any new warrant agent may be merged or any corporation resulting from any consolidation to which the Company
or any new warrant agent shall be a party or any corporation to which the Company or any new warrant agent transfers substantially all
of its corporate trust or shareholders services business shall be a successor warrant agent under this Warrant without any further act.
Any such successor warrant agent shall promptly cause notice of its succession as warrant agent to be mailed (by first class mail, postage
prepaid) to the Holder at the Holders last address as shown on the Warrant Register.

15. Miscellaneous.

(a) No Rights as a Stockholder. The Holder, solely in such
Persons capacity as a holder of this Warrant, shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share
capital of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in
such Persons capacity as the Holder of this Warrant, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote, give
or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger,
amalgamation, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the
issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Shares which such Person is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition,
nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise
of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors
of the Company.

(b) Authorized Shares. (i) Except and to the extent
as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
or articles of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will (a) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately
prior to such increase in par value, (b) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly
and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (c) use commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof as may be
necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

(ii) Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment
in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations
or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

(c) Successors and Assigns. Subject to compliance with
applicable securities laws, this Warrant may be assigned by the Holder. This Warrant may not be assigned by the Company without the written
consent of the Holder, except to a successor in the event of a Fundamental Transaction. This Warrant shall be binding on and inure to
the benefit of the Company and the Holder and their respective successors and assigns. Subject to the preceding sentence, nothing in this
Warrant shall be construed to give to any Person other than the Company and the Holder any legal or equitable right, remedy or cause of
action under this Warrant. This Warrant may be amended only in writing signed by the Company and the Holder, or their successors and assigns.

(d) Amendment and Waiver. Except as otherwise provided
herein, the provisions of the Warrants may be amended and the Company may take any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act
herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained the written consent of the Holder.

(e) Acceptance. Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall
constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions contained herein.

(f) Governing Law; Jurisdiction. ALL QUESTIONS CONCERNING
THE CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY, ENFORCEMENT AND INTERPRETATION OF THIS WARRANT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW THEREOF. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS SITTING IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN,
FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR WITH ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR DISCUSSED HEREIN
(INCLUDING WITH RESPECT TO THE ENFORCEMENT OF ANY OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS), AND HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT
IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, ANY CLAIM THAT IT IS NOT PERSONALLY SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT. EACH OF THE COMPANY
AND THE HOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF PROCESS AND CONSENTS TO PROCESS BEING SERVED IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR
PROCEEDING BY MAILING A COPY THEREOF VIA REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL OR OVERNIGHT DELIVERY (WITH EVIDENCE OF DELIVERY) TO SUCH PERSON
AT THE ADDRESS IN EFFECT FOR NOTICES TO IT AND AGREES THAT SUCH SERVICE SHALL CONSTITUTE GOOD AND SUFFICIENT SERVICE OF PROCESS AND NOTICE
THEREOF. NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO LIMIT IN ANY WAY ANY RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. EACH
OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY.

(g) Headings. The headings herein are for convenience
only, do not constitute a part of this Warrant and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

(h) Severability. In case any one or more of the provisions
of this Warrant shall be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions
of this Warrant shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and the Company and the Holder will attempt in good faith to agree
upon a valid and enforceable provision which shall be a commercially reasonable substitute therefor, and upon so agreeing, shall incorporate
such substitute provision in this Warrant.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly
executed by its authorized officer as of the date first indicated above.

REZOLUTE, INC. 

By: 

Name: Daron Evans 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

SCHEDULE 1

FORM OF EXERCISE NOTICE

[To be executed by the Holder to purchase shares
of Common Stock under the Warrant]

Ladies and Gentlemen:

(1) The undersigned is the Holder of Warrant No. __ (the
Warrant) issued by Rezolute, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company). Capitalized terms
used herein and not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant.

(2) The undersigned hereby exercises its right to purchase Warrant
Shares pursuant to the Warrant.

(3) The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall
be made as (check one):

Cash Exercise

Cashless Exercise under Section 10 of the Warrant

(4) If the Holder has elected a Cash Exercise, the Holder shall
pay the sum of $ in immediately available funds to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

(5) Pursuant to this Exercise Notice, the Company shall deliver
to the Holder Warrant Shares determined in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

(6) By its delivery of this Exercise Notice, the undersigned represents
and warrants to the Company that in giving effect to the exercise evidenced hereby the Holder will not beneficially own in excess of the
number of shares of Common Stock (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended) permitted to be owned under Section 11(a) of the Warrant to which this notice relates.

Dated: 

Name of Holder: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

(Signature must conform in all respects to name of Holder as specified
on the face of the Warrant)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm2512716d3_ex5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

April 23, 2025

Rezolute, Inc.

275 Shoreline Drive, Suite 500

Redwood City, CA 94065

Re: Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-275562)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel to Rezolute,
Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), in connection with the Companys offering of an aggregate of (i)
20,786,923 shares (the Offered Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common
Stock) and (ii) pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants) exercisable for 6,905,385 shares of Common
Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares) to be sold pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, dated April 23, 2025
(the Underwriting Agreement) by and between the Company and Guggenheim Securities, LLC, as representative of the
several underwriters listed on therein (the Underwriters) relating to a registered direct offering (the Offering).
We have also granted the Underwriters an option for a period of 30 days to purchase up to an additional 4,153,846 shares of the
Companys Common Stock (the Option Shares). The Offered Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Pre-Funded Warrant
Shares and Option Shares to be sold by the Company are collectively referred to as the Securities. The Securities
are being offered pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-275562) (the Registration Statement),
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Act), and the prospectus included in the Registration Statement (the Base Prospectus), and a
prospectus supplement thereto dated April 23, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement and together with the Base Prospectus,
the Prospectus). Except as otherwise provided herein, capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined herein
shall have the meanings set forth in the Underwriting Agreement.

We have examined such documents
and have reviewed such questions of law as we have considered necessary or appropriate for the purposes of our opinions set forth below.
In rendering our opinions set forth below, we have assumed the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the genuineness
of all signatures and the conformity to authentic originals of all documents submitted to us as copies. We have also assumed the legal
capacity for all purposes relevant hereto of all natural persons. As to questions of fact material to our opinions, we have relied upon
certificates or comparable documents of officers and other representatives of the Company and of public officials.

Based on the foregoing, we
are of the opinion that:

1. The Offered Shares and Option Shares, when issued and delivered against payment of the consideration therefor specified
in the Underwriting Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

2. The Pre-Funded Warrants when issued and delivered against payment of the consideration therefor specified
in the Underwriting Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance
with their terms.

1400 Wewatta Street | Suite 400 | Denver,
CO | 80202-5549 | T 303.629.3400 | F 303.629.3450 | dorsey.com

3. The Pre-Funded Warrant Shares into which the Pre-Funded Warrants are initially convertible, when issued
and delivered upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants in accordance with their terms, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

Our opinions set forth above
are subject to the following qualifications and exceptions:

(a) Our opinion set forth in paragraph 2 above is subject to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or similar law relating to or affecting creditors rights generally (including, without limitation, fraudulent
conveyance laws).

(b) Our opinion set forth in paragraph 2 above is subject to the effect of general principles of equity, including,
without limitation, concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing and the possible unavailability of specific performance
or injunctive relief, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

(c) Our opinion set forth in paragraph 2 above is subject to limitations regarding the availability of indemnification
and contribution where such indemnification or contribution may be limited by applicable law or the application of principles of public
policy.

(d) We express no opinion as to the enforceability of (i) provisions that relate to choice of law, forum
selection or submission to jurisdiction (including, without limitation, any express or implied waiver of any objection to venue in any
court or of any objection that a court is an inconvenient forum) to the extent that the validity, binding effect or enforceability of
any such provision is to be determined by any court other than a state court of the State of New York, (ii) waivers by the Company
of any statutory or constitutional rights or remedies, (iii) terms which excuse any person or entity from liability for, or require
the Company to indemnify such person or entity against, such persons or entitys negligence or willful misconduct or (iv) obligations
to pay any prepayment premium, default interest rate, early termination fee or other form of liquidated damages, if the payment of such
premium, interest rate, fee or damages may be construed as unreasonable in relation to actual damages or disproportionate to actual damages
suffered as a result of such prepayment, default or termination.

(e) We draw your attention to the fact that, under certain circumstances, the enforceability of terms to the
effect that provisions may not be waived or modified except in writing may be limited.

Our opinions expressed above
are limited to the laws of the State of New York and Chapter 78 of the Nevada Revised Statutes.

We hereby consent to the
filing of this opinion as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed by the Company with the Commission on the date
hereof, which Current Report on Form 8-K will be incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement, and to
the reference to our firm under the heading Legal Matters in the Prospectus Supplement. In giving this consent, we do not
admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Act or the rules and regulations
of the Commission thereunder.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Dorsey & Whitney LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm2512716d3_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Rezolute Announces Pricing of Offering of $90
Million of Common Stock and Pre-Funded Warrants

NEW YORK(BUSINESS WIRE)April 23, 2025 Rezolute,
Inc. (Nasdaq: RZLT) (Rezolute or the Company), a late-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to developing
novel, transformative therapies for serious rare diseases, today announced the pricing of an underwritten offering, priced at-the-market
under Nasdaq rules, of an aggregate of 20,786,923 shares of its common stock at an offering price of $3.25 per share, and, to certain
investors in lieu of common stock, pre-funded warrants to purchase up to 6,905,385 shares of common stock at an offering price of $3.2490
per pre-funded warrant, which represents the per share offering price for the common stock less the $0.001 per share exercise price for
each pre-funded warrant. Gross proceeds from the underwritten offering before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other
offering expenses are expected to be approximately $90 million. Rezolute has also granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase
up to an additional 4,153,846 shares of common stock at the offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions.

All shares of common stock and pre-funded warrants
to be sold in the offering will be offered by Rezolute. The closing of the offering is expected to occur on or about April 24,
2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

The deal includes participation from new and existing investors, including
Federated Hermes Kaufmann Funds, Blackstone Multi-Asset Investing, Great Point Partners, LLC, Marshall Wace, Woodline Partners LP, Nantahala
Capital, Squadron Capital Management and select mutual funds.

Guggenheim Securities is acting as the sole book-running
manager for the offering. BTIG, H.C.
Wainwright & Co., and Jones are acting as lead managers for the offering. Craig-Hallum and Maxim Group LLC are acting as co-managers for the offering. WG Partners LLP is acting as financial advisor.

Rezolute intends to use the net proceeds from
the offering for research and development, general corporate expense and working capital needs.

A
shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-275562) relating to the securities to be offered in the offering was
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and was declared effective on November 29, 2023. The offering
will be made only by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus that form a part of the registration statement. A preliminary
prospectus supplement and final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to and describing the terms of the underwritten
offering will be filed with the SEC and, when available, may be obtained on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Copies of
the preliminary prospectus supplement and final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering, when available,
may be obtained by contacting: Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Department, 330 Madison Avenue, New York, New
York 10017, by telephone at (212) 518-9544, or by email at GSEquityProspectusDelivery@guggenheimpartners.com.

This press release does not constitute an offer
to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of, these securities in any state or jurisdiction
in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such
state or jurisdiction.

Rezolute, Inc.

Rezolute is a late-stage rare disease company
focused on significantly improving outcomes for individuals with hypoglycemia caused by hyperinsulinism (HI). The Companys
antibody therapy, ersodetug, is designed to treat all forms of HI and has shown substantial benefit in clinical trials and real-world
use for the treatment of congenital HI and tumor HI.

Forward-Looking Statements

Any statements in this press release about the
Companys future expectations, plans and prospects, including statements regarding the proposed offering, including statements regarding
Rezolutes expectations on the timing and completion of the offering and the anticipated use of proceeds therefrom, constitute forward-looking
statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements
include any statements about the Companys strategy, future operations and future expectations and plans and prospects for the Company,
and any other statements containing the words anticipate, believe, estimate, expect,
intend, goal, may, might, plan, predict, project,
target, potential, will, would, could, should, continue,
and similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause the Companys
development programs, future results, performance or achievements to differ significantly from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, among others, those related to market and other financial conditions, the potential
completion of the proposed offering or the size or terms thereof, satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the proposed
offering and other factors discussed in the Risk Factors section contained in the preliminary prospectus supplement and
final prospectus supplement that will be filed with the SEC and the reports that the Company has filed with the SEC. Any forward-looking
statements represent the Companys views only as of the date of this press release. The Company anticipates that subsequent events
and developments will cause its views to change. While the Company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point
in the future, the Company specifically disclaims any obligation to do so except as required by law.

Contacts:

Rezolute, Inc.

Christen Baglaneas

cbaglaneas@rezolutebio.com

508-272-6717

Media

Sarah Lima

Sarah@GalvinPR.com

(774) 766-0200
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>rzlt-20250423.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>rzlt-20250423_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>rzlt-20250423_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm2512716d3_ex99-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 23, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 23, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39683

Entity Registrant Name REZOLUTE, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001509261

Entity Tax Identification Number 27-3440894

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 275 Shoreline Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 500

Entity Address, City or Town Redwood
City

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94065

City Area Code 650

Local Phone Number 206-4507

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol RZLT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://rezolutebio.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

rzlt-20250423.xsd 
rzlt-20250423_lab.xml 
rzlt-20250423_pre.xml 
tm2512716d3_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-038096-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>tm2512716d3_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001509261 

2025-04-23 
2025-04-23 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001509261 
8-K 
2025-04-23 
REZOLUTE, INC. 
NV 
001-39683 
27-3440894 
275 Shoreline Drive 
Suite 500 
Redwood City 
CA 
94065 
650 
206-4507 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
RZLT 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>