<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-007066.txt : 20250127
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-007066.hdr.sgml : 20250127
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250127170021
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-007066
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250124
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250127
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250127

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ASPAC III Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001890361
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42401
		FILM NUMBER:		25559915

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 GLOUCESTER ROAD
		STREET 2:		29TH FLOOR
		CITY:			WANCHAI
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852 9258 9728

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 GLOUCESTER ROAD
		STREET 2:		29TH FLOOR
		CITY:			WANCHAI
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SPAC III Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211025
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0228397-8k425_aspac3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false0001890361ASPAC III Acquisition Corp.00-000000000018903612025-01-242025-01-240001890361ASPCU:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareWithNoParValueAndOneRightToReceiveOnetenthOfOneClassOrdinaryShareMember2025-01-242025-01-240001890361ASPCU:ClassOrdinarySharesIncludedAsPartOfUnitsMember2025-01-242025-01-240001890361ASPCU:RightsIncludedAsPartOfUnitsMember2025-01-242025-01-24iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

United States

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 8-K

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

January 24, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

A
SPAC III Acquisition Corp.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

British Virgin Islands 001-42401 N/A

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

The Suns Group Center,

29th Floor, 200 Gloucester Road,

Wan Chai

Hong Kong N/A

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: +85295833199

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, with no par value, and one right to receive one-tenth of one Class A ordinary share ASPCU The Nasdaq Stock
Market LLC

Class A ordinary shares included as part of the units ASPC The Nasdaq Stock
Market LLC

Rights included as part of the units ASPCR The Nasdaq Stock
Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

Item 1.01 Entry into Material Definitive Agreement.

On January 24, 2025, A SPAC III Acquisition Corp.
(the Company or the Parent) announced that it executed an Agreement with Bioserica International Limited (Bioserica)
as further described below (the Agreement). Bioserica is in the business of researching and developing, manufacturing, marketing
and sales of bio-based antimicrobial materials. The Agreement is intended to express a mutual indication of interest and remains subject,
in all respect, to the execution of definitive agreements (Definitive Agreements).

The Agreement provides the following terms, which
are subject to the execution of Definitive Agreements in all respects:

Reincorporation Merger

Upon the closing of the transactions contemplated
in the Agreement, the Parent will be merged with and into a to-be-formed British Virgin Islands business company formed for the sole purpose
of this transaction (the Purchaser), the separate corporate existence of the Parent will cease and Purchaser will continue
as the surviving corporation (the Reincorporation Merger). In connection with the Reincorporation Merger, each of
the Parents issued and outstanding shares will be converted into an equivalent share of Purchaser:

Immediately prior to the Reincorporation Effective Time, each Parents unit shall be separated automatically into its constituent securities (e.g. One Parent Unit into one Parent Class A Ordinary share and one-tenth (1/10) of one Parent Class A ordinary Share), as applicable;

Each Parents Ordinary Share will be converted automatically into one corresponding share of Purchasers Class A Ordinary Share;

Each Parent Right shall be converted automatically into one-tenth (1/10) of one Parent Class A Ordinary Share, which shall be converted automatically into Purchaser Class A Ordinary Share at the Reincorporation Effective Time, in accordance with the terms thereof;

At the Reincorporation Effective Time, every issued and outstanding Purchaser Ordinary Share immediately prior to the Reincorporation Effective Time shall cease to be issued and shall be automatically cancelled and retired and shall cease to exist.

Acquisition Merger and Acquisition Consideration

On the closing of the Acquisition Merger (as defined
below) (the Closing Date), following the Reincorporation Merger, a to-be-formed wholly owned subsidiary of the Purchaser
(the Merger Sub) will merge with and into Bioserica (the Acquisition Merger). Following the
Acquisition Merger, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease, and Bioserica shall continue as the surviving company
in the Acquisition Merger (the Surviving Corporation) under the BVI Act.

The aggregate consideration to be paid to existing
shareholders and holders of equity awards of Bioserica is $200,000,000, which will be paid entirely in stock, comprised of newly issued
ordinary shares of the Purchaser at a price of $10.00 per share, or equity awards with respect to such ordinary shares of the Purchaser.
Upon the effectiveness of the Acquisition Merger, all issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Bioserica will be cancelled and automatically
converted into the right to receive, without interest, the applicable portion of the ordinary shares of the Purchaser.

1

Conduct Prior to Closing; Covenants Pending
Closing

Each of Bioserica and Parent has agreed to, and
cause its subsidiaries to, operate its respective business in the ordinary course, consistent with past practices, prior to the closing
of the transactions (with certain exceptions) and not to take certain specified actions without the prior written consent of the other
party. 

The Agreement also contains covenants providing
for:

The Parent, Purchaser and Merger Sub (collectively, Purchaser Parties) and Bioserica providing access to their books and records and providing information relating to their respective business to the other party, its legal counsel and other representatives;

Each party promptly notifying the other party of certain events;

SEC filings and cooperation in making certain filings with the SEC;

Bioserica delivering its financial statements;

Disbursement of funds in the trust account; 

Directors and officers indemnification and insurance;

No trading of any securities of the Parent; and

The formation of the Purchaser and Merger Sub and the signing of a joinder agreement.

Covenants

Bioserica makes covenants relating to, among other
things: (a) reporting of taxes and compliance with laws; (b) reasonable best efforts to keep current and timely file by the CSRC; (c)
annual and interim financial statements; (d) obtaining required shareholder approval within five business days of registration statement
effectiveness; and (e) preparation of a purchaser incentive plan prior to the preliminary proxy statement/registration statement filing.

Each party further makes covenants relating to,
among other things: (a) tax matters; (b) settlement and reimbursement of expenses; (c) compliance with SPAC agreements; (d) filing with
the SEC a registration statement; (e) confidentiality; and (f) not to pursue any legal claims against the other party or any of their
respective current or prior advisor, director, shareholder or officer.

General Conditions to Closing

Consummation of the transactions contemplated
by the Agreement will be conditioned on, among other things, (i) no provisions of any applicable law, and no order shall prohibit or prevent
the consummation of the closing; (ii) there shall not be any action brought by a third party that is not an affiliate of the parties hereto
to enjoin or otherwise restrict the consummation of the closing; (iii) the Reincorporation Merger shall have been consummated and the
applicable certificates and the Reincorporation Articles of Merger shall have been filed in the appropriate jurisdictions; (iv) the SEC
shall have declared the registration statement effective, and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the registration statement
or any part thereof shall have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened by the SEC and
not withdrawn; (v) all applicable waiting periods, if any, (and any extension thereof) under any applicable anti-trust Laws shall have
expired or been terminated; (vi) the required Parent shareholder approval having been obtained; and (vii) the Definitive Agreements, the
plan of merger and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, shall have been duly authorized and approved respectively by the
shareholders of Bioserica.

2

Purchaser Parties Conditions to Closing

The obligations of Purchaser Parties to consummate
the transactions contemplated by the Agreement, in addition to the conditions described above in the first paragraph of this section,
will be conditioned upon each of the following, among other things:

Bioserica shall have duly performed all of the obligations required to be performed by it at or prior to the Closing Date in all material respects;

The representations and warranties of Bioserica being true on and as of the date of the Agreement and closing date of the transactions except would not be expected to have a material adverse effect;

There having been no material adverse effect to Bioserica;

Bioserica having obtained all necessary consents, and no such consent shall have been revoked;

The Purchaser Parties receiving a certificate signed by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Bioserica.

The Purchaser Parties receiving a copy of the memorandum and articles of association of Bioserica as in effect as of the Closing Date, a copy of the certificate of incorporation of Bioserica, copies of Biosericas resolutions authorizing the Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, and a recent certificate of good standing regarding Bioserica from the jurisdiction in which Bioserica is incorporated;

The Purchaser Parties receiving copies of all government approvals, if any;

Biosericas key personnel having executed the employment agreements;

The Purchaser Parties receiving a Company Disclosure Schedule updated (if applicable) as of the Closing Date;

The Purchaser Parties receiving a copy of each of the additional agreements to which Bioserica is a party duly executed by Bioserica;

The Purchaser Parties receiving a copy of each of the additional agreements, duly executed by all parties thereto, other than Parent, Purchaser or Bioserica; and

Bioserica shall have completed the CSRC filing, and the Purchaser Parties receiving CSRC filing certificates, filing receipts or other documents and materials issued by the CSRC evidencing the completion of the CSRC filing;

Biosericas Conditions to Closing

The obligations of Bioserica to consummate the
transactions contemplated by the Agreement, in addition to the conditions described above, will be conditioned upon each of the following,
among other things:

Purchaser Parties shall have duly performed all of their obligations hereunder required to be performed by them at or prior to the Closing Date in all material respects;

The representations and warranties of Purchaser Parties being true on and as of the date of the Agreement and closing date of the transactions except as would not be expected to have a material adverse effective;

There having been no material adverse effect to Purchaser Parties.

Bioserica receiving a certificate signed by an authorized officer of Purchaser Parties;

Purchaser Parties complying with the reporting requirements under the applicable Securities Act and Exchange Act; 

Purchaser Parties executing and delivering to Bioserica each additional agreement to which any of them is a party;

3

The Parent shares redemptions shall have been completed;

The directors designated by Bioserica shall have been appointed to the board of directors of the Parent, effective as of the Closing; and

The Purchaser Class A Ordinary Shares to be issued in connection with the Closing shall be conditionally approved for listing upon the Closing on Nasdaq, subject only to official notice of issuance thereof.

Termination

The Agreement may be terminated and/or abandoned
at any time prior to the closing, whether before or after approval of the proposals being presented to Biosericas stockholders,
by:

the Purchaser Parties, if the relevant audited financial statements have not been delivered by May 31, 2025;

Mutual agreement of Purchaser Parties and Bioserica at anytime prior to the Closing Date.

A copy of the Agreement
is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated by reference. The foregoing summary of the terms of the Agreement is subject to, and
qualified in its entirety, by such document.

Additional Information
and Where to Find It

If Definitive Agreements with respect to a proposed
business combination are executed, the Company intends to file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
a registration statement on Form F-4 or Form S-4, which will include a preliminary proxy statement/prospectus (a Proxy Statement/Prospectus).
A definitive Proxy Statement/Prospectus will be mailed to the Companys shareholders as of a record date to be established for voting
on the Potential Business Combination.

This report may be deemed to be offering or solicitation
material in respect of the Potential Business Combination, which will be submitted to the shareholders of the Company for their consideration.
Investors and security holders of the Company are advised to read, when available, the preliminary and definitive Proxy Statement/Prospectus,
as well as other documents filed with the SEC (including any amendments or supplements to the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, as applicable),
in each case, before making any investment or voting decision with respect to the Potential Business Combination, because these documents
contain or will contain important information about the Company and the Potential Business Combination. Shareholders will also be able
to obtain copies of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, without charge, at the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

Participants in the
Solicitation

The Company and its directors and executive officers
may be considered participants in the solicitation of proxies with respect to the Potential Business Combination described herein under
the rules of the SEC. Information about the directors and executive officers of the Company and a description of their interests in the
Company and the Potential Business Combination will be set forth in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, when it is filed with the SEC. These
documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above.

4

No Offer or Solicitation

This report shall not constitute a solicitation
of a proxy, consent, or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of any business combination. This report shall not
constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any states
or jurisdictions in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities
laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section
10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or an exemption therefrom.

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements made in this Current Report
are forward-looking statements. When used in this Current Report, the words estimates, projected, expects,
anticipates, forecasts, plans, intends, believes, seeks,
may, will, should, future, propose and variations of these words
or similar expressions (or the negative versions of such words or expressions) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, conditions or results, and involve a number of known and unknown
risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors, many of which are outside the Companys control, that could cause
actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Important factors, among others,
that may affect actual results or outcomes include: the inability of the Company to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to
an initial business combination within the time provided in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association;
performance of the potential target companys business; the risk that the approval of the shareholders of the Company for the Potential
Business Combination is not obtained; failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the Potential Business Combination, including as
a result of a delay in consummating the Potential Business Combination; the level of redemptions made by the Companys shareholders
and its impact on the amount of funds available in the Companys trust account to complete an initial business combination; and
those factors discussed in the Annual Report under the heading Risk Factors, and other documents of the Company filed, or
to be filed, with the SEC. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as
a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

Number Description

10.1 Agreement dated January 24, 2025 by and among A SPAC III Acquisition Corp. and BIOSERICA INTERNATIONAL LIMITED.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

5

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

A SPAC III ACQUISITION CORP.

Dated: January 27, 2025 By: /s/ Claudius Tsang

Name: Claudius Tsang

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022839701ex10-1_aspac3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AGREEMENT DATED JANUARY 24, 2025 BY AND AMONG A SPAC III ACQUISITION CORP. AND BIOSERICA INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTION VERSION

AGREEMENT

dated

January 24, 2025

by and among

BIOSERICA INTERNATIONAL LIMITED, a British Virgin
Islands business company (the Company),

and

A SPAC III Acquisition Corp., a British Virgin
Islands business company (the Parent)

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 2

ARTICLE II REINCORPORATION MERGER 13

2.1 Reincorporation Merger 13

2.2 Reincorporation Effective Time 13

2.3 Effect of the Reincorporation Merger 13

2.4 Memorandum and Articles of Association 14

2.5 Directors and Officers of the Reincorporation Surviving Corporation 14

2.6 Effect on Issued Securities of Parent and Purchaser. 14

2.7 Surrender of Securities 16

2.8 Lost Stolen or Destroyed Certificates 16

2.9 Section 368 Reorganization 16

2.10 Dissenters Rights 17

2.11 Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action 17

ARTICLE III ACQUISITION MERGER 17

3.1 Acquisition Merger 17

3.2 Closing; Effective Time. 17

3.3 Company Officers. 18

3.4 Effect of the Acquisition Merger. 18

3.5 Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Surviving Corporation 18

3.6 Board of Directors of the Reincorporation Surviving Corporation. 18

3.7 Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action 18

ARTICLE IV CONSIDERATION 19

4.1 Conversion of Capital 19

4.2 Payment of Merger Consideration. 20

4.3 Dissenters Rights. 21

4.4 Earnout 21

4.5 Withholding. 23

ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY 23

5.1 Corporate Existence and Power 24

5.2 Authorization 24

5.3 Governmental Authorization 24

5.4 Non-Contravention 25

5.5 Capital Structure 25

5.6 Charter Documents 26

5.7 Corporate Records 26

5.8 Assumed Names 26

5.9 Subsidiaries 27

5.10 Consents 28

5.11 Financial Statements 28

5.12 Books and Records 29

5.13 Absence of Certain Changes 30

5.14 Properties; Title to the Company Groups Assets 30

5.15 Litigation 30

5.16 Contracts 31

5.17 Licenses and Permits 34

i

5.18 Cybersecurity; Compliance with Laws; Regulatory Matters 34

5.19 Intellectual Property 37

5.20 Customers and Suppliers 39

5.21 Accounts Receivable and Payable; Loans 39

5.22 Pre-payments 40

5.23 Employees 40

5.24 Employment Matters. 40

5.25 Real Property 41

5.26 Tax Matters. 41

5.27 Environmental Laws 43

5.28 Finders Fees. 44

5.29 Powers of Attorney and Suretyships 44

5.30 Directors and Officers 44

5.31 Certain Business Practices. 44

5.32 Money Laundering Laws 45

5.33 Not an Investment Company 45

5.34 Related Party Transaction. 45

5.35 Product Quality; Warranty. 46

5.36 Other Information 46

ARTICLE VI REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER PARTIES 47

6.1 Corporate Existence and Power 47

6.2 Corporate Authorization 47

6.3 Governmental Authorization 48

6.4 Non-Contravention 48

6.5 Finders Fees 48

6.6 Issuance of Shares 48

6.7 Capitalization 48

6.8 Information Supplied 49

6.9 Trust Fund 49

6.10 Listing 50

6.11 Reporting Company 50

6.12 No Market Manipulation. 50

6.13 Board Approval 50

6.14 Parent SEC Documents and Financial Statements 50

6.15 Litigation 51

6.16 Compliance with Laws 51

6.17 Money Laundering Laws. 52

6.18 Not an Investment Company 52

6.19 Tax Matters 52

ARTICLE VII 53

7.1 Conduct of the Business. 53

7.2 Access to Information 56

7.3 Notices of Certain Events 57

7.4 SEC Filings 57

7.5 Company Group Cooperation. 58

7.6 Financial Information 59

7.7 Trust Account. 59

7.8 Directors and Officers Indemnification and Insurance. 60

7.9 No Trading. 60

7.10 Formation of Purchaser and Merger Sub. 60

ii

ARTICLE VIII COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY GROUP 61

8.1 Reporting and Compliance with Laws 61

8.2 CSRC Filings. 61

8.3 Annual and Interim Financial Statements 61

8.4 Company Shareholder Approval 61

8.5 Purchaser Incentive Plan 61

8.6 Covenant Not to Sue. 61

8.7 Additional Information. 62

ARTICLE IX COVENANTS OF ALL PARTIES HERETO 62

9.1 Tax Matters. 62

9.2 Settlement of the Purchaser Parties Liabilities 63

9.3 Compliance with SPAC Agreements 63

9.4 Registration Statement 63

9.5 Confidentiality 64

ARTICLE X CONDITIONS TO CLOSING 64

10.1 Condition to the Obligations of the Parties 64

10.2 Conditions to Obligations of the Purchaser Parties 65

10.3 Conditions to Obligations of the Company 67

ARTICLE XI DISPUTE RESOLUTION 68

11.1 Arbitration 68

11.2 Waiver of Jury Trial; Exemplary Damages 69

ARTICLE XII TERMINATION 70

12.1 Termination. 70

12.2 [Intentionally omitted] 70

12.3 Survival 70

ARTICLE XIII MISCELLANEOUS 70

13.1 Notices 70

13.2 Amendments; No Waivers; Remedies. 71

13.3 Arms Length Bargaining; No Presumption Against Drafter. 72

13.4 Publicity 72

13.5 Expenses 72

13.6 No Assignment or Delegation 72

13.7 Governing Law 72

13.8 Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures 72

13.9 Entire Agreement 73

13.10 Guiding Principles and Intentions 73

13.11 Severability 73

13.12 Construction of Certain Terms and References; Captions 73

13.13 Third Party Beneficiaries 74

13.14 Waiver 74

13.15 Non-Recourse 74

iii

AGREEMENT

This AGREEMENT (the Agreement),
dated as of January 24, 2025, by and among Bioserica International Limited, a British Virgin Islands business company (the Company),
and A SPAC III Acquisition Corp., a British Virgin Islands business company (the Parent).

W I T N E S E T H :

A.The Company, through its wholly owned Subsidiaries, is in the business of researching and developing, manufacturing, marketing
and sales of bio-based antimicrobial materials (the Business);

B. The Company owns 100%
of the issued share capital of BIOSERICA CO., LIMITED (Bioserica Hong Kong), a limited liability company incorporated
under the law of Hong Kong, which in turn owns, directly and indirectly, all of the equity interests of Bioserica (Nanjing) Antimicrobial
Material Co., Ltd. (),
a wholly foreign owned enterprise established under the laws of the PRC (the WFOE). The WFOE and Bioserica Hong
Kong collectively own all of the equity interests of Nanjing Bioserica Era Antimicrobial Material Technology Group Co., Ltd. ()
(Bioserica Nanjing);

C.Parent is a blank check company formed for the sole purpose of entering into a share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities;

D.A SPAC III Mini Acquisition Corp., will be a British Virgin Islands business company and wholly owned Subsidiary of the Parent
(Purchaser), will be formed for the sole purpose of the merger of Parent with and into Purchaser, in which Purchaser
will be the surviving corporation (the Reincorporation Merger);

E.The parties hereto desire that A SPAC III Mini Sub Acquisition Corp., a British Virgin Islands business company and wholly owned
Subsidiary of Purchaser (the Merger Sub), to be formed for the sole purpose of merging with and into the Company,
shall merge with and into the Company, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein and in the Definitive Agreements
(the Acquisition Merger) and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the BVI Act (as defined below);

F.For United States federal income tax purposes, the parties intend that the Reincorporation Merger qualify as a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368 of the Code, and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, and that the Definitive Agreements
be adopted as a plan of reorganization for purposes of Section 368 of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.368-2(g)
and 1.368-3(a); and

G.This Agreement is intended to express a mutual indication of interest in the Transaction (as defined below). The obligations of
Parent and the Company to consummate the Transaction is subject to and conditioned upon the negotiation and execution of the Definitive
Agreements (as defined below).

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises set forth above, which are incorporated in this Agreement as if fully set forth below, and the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, the parties accordingly agree as follows:

1

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

The following terms, as used
herein, have the following meanings:

1.1Action means any legal or administrative action, suit, claim, investigation, hearing or proceeding or arbitration,
including any audit, claim or assessment for Taxes or otherwise.

1.2Additional Agreements mean the Lock-up Agreements, Voting and Support Agreement, Registration Rights Agreement,
and Labor Agreement.

1.3Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly Controlling, Controlled
by, or under common Control with such Person. For avoidance of any doubt, with respect to all periods subsequent to the Closing, Purchaser
is an Affiliate of the Company.

1.4Anti-Corruption Laws means any Laws relating to anti-bribery or anticorruption (governmental or commercial),
which apply to the business and dealings of the Company Group, including Laws that prohibit the corrupt payment, offer, promise or authorization
of the payment or transfer of anything of value (including gifts or entertainment), directly or indirectly, to any Government Official,
government employee or commercial entity to obtain or retain business or a business advantage such as, without limitation, (a) the U.S.
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, (b) the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010, (c) the relevant provisions of the Criminal Law of China,
the PRC Anti-Unfair Competition Law, and the Provisional Regulations on Anti-Commercial Bribery, and (d) all applicable Laws enacted to
implement the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Officials in International Business Transactions, each as amended from time
to time.

1.5Authority means any governmental, regulatory or administrative body, agency or authority, any court or judicial
authority, any arbitrator, any relevant stock exchange, or any public, private or industry regulatory authority, whether international,
national, federal, state, or local. The term also includes officials, agents, employees or representatives of the entities outlined in
this definition.

1.6Books and Records means all books and records, ledgers, employee records, customer lists, files, correspondence,
and other records of every kind (whether written, electronic, or otherwise embodied) owned or used by a Person or in which a Persons
assets, the business or its transactions are otherwise reflected, other than stock books and minute books.

1.7Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday on which commercial banking institutions
in the British Virgin Islands, New York and the Peoples Republic of China are authorized to close for business.

1.8 Closing
Payment Shares means such number of Purchaser Class A Ordinary Shares and Purchaser Class B Ordinary shares as will be
set forth in Exhibit A to the Acquisition Agreement equal to $200,000,000, divided by $10.00, plus any additional shares
issuable in accordance with Section 4.2(a).

2

1.9Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

1.10Company Disclosure Schedule means the disclosure schedules delivered by the Company to the Purchaser Parties
(as defined below) simultaneously with the execution of the Acquisition Agreement.

1.11Company Group means the Company and its Subsidiaries, collectively.

1.12Company Ordinary Shares means Company ordinary shares of a single class with a par value of US$1.00 each of
the Company, no par value.

1.13Company Share Rights means all options, warrants, rights, or other securities (including debt instruments)
to purchase, convert or exchange into Company Ordinary Shares.

1.14Company Shareholder means the shareholders of the Company.

1.15Contracts means the Leases and all contracts, agreements, Leases (including equipment leases, car leases and
capital leases), licenses, commitments, client contracts, statements of work (SOWs), sales and purchase orders and similar instruments,
oral or written, to which the Company and/or any of its Subsidiary is a party or by which any of its respective assets are bound, including
any entered into by the Company and/or any of its Subsidiary in compliance with Section 7.1 after the Signing Date and prior to the Closing.

1.16Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by Contract or otherwise; and the terms Controlled
and Controlling shall have the meaning correlative to the foregoing.

1.17CSRC means the China Securities Regulatory Commission.

1.18CSRC Archive Rules means the Provisions on Strengthening Confidentiality and Archives Administration of Overseas
Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies ()
issued by the CSRC, Ministry of Finance of the PRC, National Administration of State Secrets Protection of the PRC, and National Archives
Administration of the PRC (effective from March 31, 2023), as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

1.19CSRC Filings means all applicable filings to be undertaken with respect to the Transactions pursuant to the
CSRC Trial Rules.

1.20CSRC Trial Rules means the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic
Companies released by the CSRC, which came into effect on March 31, 2023.

3

1.21 Environmental Laws shall mean all applicable Laws that prohibit, regulate or control any Hazardous Material
or any Hazardous Material Activity, including without limitation the PRC Environmental Protection Law (),
the PRC Environmental Impact Assessment Law (),
and the Law of the PRC on Water Pollution Prevention and Control (),
as well as any PRC Laws on (a) pollution or protection of human health, the environment or natural resources;
(b) any Release or threatened Release of, or exposure to, any Hazardous Material; (c) greenhouse gas emissions; or (d) the generation,
manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport, arrangement for disposal or transport, handling or
Release of any Hazardous Material. . 

1.22Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

1.23Government Official means (a) any official, officer, employee or representative of, or other individual acting
for or on behalf of, any Authority or agency or instrumentality thereof or department, board, commission or instrumentality of the PRC
or any other country (including any state-owned or controlled enterprise), or any public international organization (as defined in the
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 1977, as amended from time to time), (b) any political party or party official or candidate for political
office or (c) any company, business, enterprise or other entity owned, in whole or in part, or controlled by any person described in the
foregoing clause (a) or (b) of this definition.

1.24Hazardous Material shall mean any material, emission, chemical, solid, oil, petroleum products, substance
or waste that has been designated by any Authority to be radioactive, toxic, hazardous, a pollutant or a contaminant, including without
limitation hyper-toxic chemicals and other chemicals that are toxic, corrosive, explosive, flammable, combustable, or otherwise dangerous
to the human body, facilities and the environment.

1.25Hazardous Material Activity shall mean the transportation, production, collection, transfer, recycling, storage,
disposal, use, operation, treatment, manufacture, generation, removal, remediation, release, exposure of others to, sale, labeling, or
distribution of any Hazardous Material or any product or waste containing a Hazardous Material, or product manufactured with ozone depleting
substances, including, any required labeling, payment of waste fees or charges (including so-called e-waste fees) and compliance with
any recycling, product take-back or product content requirements.

1.26
Indebtedness means with respect to any Person, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, or with
respect to deposits or advances of any kind (including amounts by reason of overdrafts and amounts owed by reason of letter of
credit reimbursement agreements) including with respect thereto, all interests, fees and costs and prepayment and other penalties,
(b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person
under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property purchased by such Person, (d) all obligations of
such Person issued or assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than accounts payable to creditors for
goods and services incurred in the ordinary course of business), (e) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder
of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any lien or security interest on property
owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the obligations secured thereby have been assumed, (f) all obligations of such
Person under leases required to be accounted for as capital leases under U.S. GAAP (as defined below), (g) all guarantees by such
Person and (h) any agreement to incur any of the same.

4

1.27Intellectual Property Right means any trademark, service mark, registration thereof or application for registration
therefor, trade name, license, domain names, invention, patent, patent application, trade secret, trade dress, know-how, copyright (including
all allied, ancillary and subsidiary rights), copyrightable materials, copyright registration, application for copyright registration,
software programs, data bases, u.r.l.s., rights of production, manufacture, recordation, reproduction, transcription, performance, broadcast
and exhibition of any art or method now known or hereafter devised, and any other type of intellectual property, and all embodiments and
fixations thereof and related documentation, registrations and franchises and all additions, improvements and accessions thereto (including
any renewals and extensions thereof), and with respect to each of the forgoing items in this definition, which is owned or licensed or
filed by the Company, or used or held for use in the Business, whether registered or unregistered or domestic or foreign.

1.28Interests means shares, partnership interests, limited liability company interests or any other equity interest
in any Person that is an entity.

1.29Investment Management Trust Agreement means the investment management trust agreement made as of November
12, 2024 by and between the Parent and the Trustee.

1.30IPO means the initial public offering of Parent pursuant to the Prospectus dated November 8, 2024.

1.31IT Assets means computers, software, hardware, servers, workstations, routers, hubs, switches, data communications
lines, networks and all other information technology equipment and all associated documentation.

1.32Law means any domestic or foreign, federal, state, municipality or local law, statute, ordinance, code, principle
of common law, act, treaty or order of general applicability of any applicable Authority, including rule or regulation promulgated thereunder.

1.33Leases means the leases, subleases, licenses, concessions, sale/leaseback arrangements or similar arrangements
and other occupancy agreements to be set forth on Section 1.34 of the Company Disclosure Schedule to the Acquisition Agreement,
together with all fixtures and improvements erected on the premises leased thereby.

1.34Liabilities means any and all liabilities, Indebtedness, claims, or obligations of any nature (whether absolute,
accrued, contingent or otherwise, whether known or unknown, whether direct or indirect, whether matured or unmatured and whether due or
to become due), including Tax Liabilities due or to become due.

1.35Lien means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or encumbrance
of any kind in respect of such asset, and any conditional sale or voting agreement or proxy, including any agreement to give any of the
foregoing.

5

1.36 Lock-up Agreement means the agreements in the form as will be set forth in Exhibit B to the Acquisition
Agreement or agreement(s) substantially equivalent thereto to be mutually agreed by the Purchaser Parties and the Company, dated as
of the Closing Date entered into by and between the Persons listed on Section 1.37 of the Company Disclosure Schedule and the Purchaser,
which shall include holders of at least 10% of the outstanding Company Ordinary Shares immediately prior to the Closing (on an as converted
and fully-diluted basis).

1.37Marketing Approval means collectively, all approvals of an applicable Authority as necessary to allow for
the marketing and sale of services or products in the country concerned.

1.38Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect upon on the assets, liabilities, condition (financial
or otherwise), prospects, net worth, management, earnings, cash flows, business, operations or properties of the Company and the Business,
taken as a whole, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, provided, however, that Material
Adverse Effect shall not include any event, occurrence, fact, condition or change, directly or indirectly, arising out of or attributable
to: (a) general economic or political conditions; (b) conditions generally affecting the industries in which the Company operates; (c)
any changes in financial, banking or securities markets in general, including any disruption thereof and any decline in the price of any
security or any market index or any change in prevailing interest rates; (d) acts of war (whether or not declared), armed hostilities
or terrorism, or the escalation or worsening thereof; (e) any action required or permitted by this Agreement or any action taken (or omitted
to be taken) with the written consent of or at the written request of the Purchaser Parties; (f) any matter of which Parent is aware on
the date hereof; (g) any changes in applicable Laws or accounting rules (including U.S. GAAP) or the enforcement, implementation or interpretation
thereof; (h) any announcement, execution, pendency or completion of the Transactions, including losses or threatened losses of employees,
customers, suppliers, distributors or others having relationships with the Company, (i) any natural or man-made disaster, global pandemic
or acts of God; or (j) any failure by the Company to meet any internal or published projections, forecasts, guidance, estimates, milestones,
budgets or financial or operating predictions of revenue, earnings, cash flow or cash position projections (provided that the underlying
causes of such failures (subject to the other provisions of this definition) shall not be excluded), unless any such any event, occurrence,
fact, condition or change, shall have a disproportionate effect on the Company and the Business as compared to comparable companies in
the same industry.

1.39Order means any decree, order, judgment, writ, award, injunction, rule or consent of or by an Authority.

1.40Organizational Documents means, with respect to any Person, its certificate of incorporation and bylaws, memorandum
and articles of association or similar organizational documents, in each case, as amended.

1.41Parent Class A Ordinary Shares means the class A ordinary shares, no par value, of Parent.

1.42Parent Class B Ordinary Shares means the class B ordinary shares, no par value, of Parent.

6

1.43 Parent Disclosure Schedule means the schedule as will be set forth in Exhibit E to the Acquisition Agreement.

1.44Parent Ordinary Shares means the Parent Class A Ordinary Shares and the Parent Class B Ordinary Shares.

1.45Parent Rights means the issued and outstanding rights of Parent, each such right to receive one-tenth (1/10)
of a Parent Class A Ordinary Share at the closing of the Parents initial business combination.

1.46Parent Securities means the Parent Ordinary Shares, Parent Rights, and Parent Units, collectively.

1.47Parent Unit means a unit of the Parent comprised of one Parent Class A Ordinary Share, and one Parent Right.
For the avoidance of any doubt, the Parent Unit shall include the Private Placement Unit.

1.48Permitted Liens means (a) all defects, exceptions, restrictions, easements, rights of way and encumbrances
disclosed in policies of title insurance which have been made available to the Purchaser Parties; (b) mechanics, carriers,
workers, repairers and similar statutory Liens arising or incurred in the ordinary course of business for amounts (i) that
are not delinquent, (ii) that are not material to the business, operations and financial condition of the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries
so encumbered, either individually or in the aggregate, (iii) that not resulting from a breach, default or violation by the Company and/or
any of its Subsidiaries of any Contract or Law, and (iv) the Liens set forth on Section 1.48 of the Company Disclosure Schedule;
and (c) liens for Taxes not yet due and payable or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings (and for which adequate
accruals or reserves have been established in accordance to U.S. GAAP).

1.49Person means an individual, corporation, partnership (including a general partnership, limited partnership
or limited liability partnership), limited liability company, association, trust or other entity or organization, including a government,
domestic or foreign, or political subdivision thereof, or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

1.50PRC means the Peoples Republic of China, excluding for the purposes of this Agreement, the Hong Kong
Special Administrative Region, the Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan.

1.51Privacy Laws means all applicable United States state and federal Laws, PRC Laws, and the laws of applicable
jurisdictions, relating to privacy, security, data protection, data availability, destruction and data breach, and protection of personal
data which are from time to time applicable to the Company Group.

1.52Private Placement Units means units issued to the Parents sponsor that closed concurrently with the
Parents IPO which are identical to the Parent Units, except as described in the Prospectus.

7

1.53 Process or Processing means, with respect to data, the use, collection, creation, processing,
receipt, storage, recording, organization, structuring, adaption, alteration, transfer, re-trieval, consultation, disclosure, dissemination,
making available, alignment, combination, re-striction, protection, security, erasure or destruction of such data.

1.54Product means the design, research and development, manufacturing, sales, distributions and marketing of any
goods by the Company Group.

1.55Purchaser Class A Ordinary Shares means the class A ordinary shares, no par value, of Purchaser. Each such
Class A ordinary share shall have one (1) vote, with certain rights and privileges set forth in the amended and restated Memorandum and
Articles of Association of the Purchaser.

1.56Purchaser Class B Ordinary Shares means the class B ordinary shares, no par value, of Purchaser. Each such
Class B ordinary shares shall have ten (10) votes, with certain rights and privileges set forth in the amended and restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association of the Purchaser.

1.57Purchaser Incentive Plan means the equity incentive plan to be prepared by the Company Group and agreed by
the Purchaser and adopted by the Purchaser prior to the Closing under which the management of the Company shall be entitled to receive
5% of the then outstanding Purchaser Class A Ordinary Shares (on fully diluted basis).

1.58Purchaser Ordinary Shares means the Purchaser Class B Ordinary Shares and the Purchaser Class A Ordinary Shares.

1.59Real Property means, collectively, all real properties and interests therein (including the right to use),
together with all buildings, fixtures, trade fixtures, plant and other improvements located thereon or attached thereto; all rights arising
out of use thereof (including air, water, oil and mineral rights); and all subleases, franchises, licenses, permits, easements and rights-of-way
which are appurtenant thereto.

1.60 Registration
Rights Agreement means the agreement governing the resale of the Closing Payment Shares, in the form as will be set forth
in Exhibit C To The Acquisition Agreement.

1.61
Regulatory Documentation means, in any medium including audio, visual, print, magnetic, or electronic, all (a)
documentation comprising the Regulatory Permits and Regulatory Transfer Approvals (b) dossiers, reports, supplements, records,
data and other materials, submissions or correspondence submitted to, filed with or received from the applicable Authority relating
to the Regulatory Permits, Regulatory Transfer Approvals or application or submission for obtaining a Regulatory Permit or a
Regulatory Transfer Approval (c) reports, supplements, records, data and other materials and correspondence related to the
Products and Services, including minutes and official contact reports relating to any communications with any Authority, and
relevant supporting documents with respect thereto, including all draft and final advertising and promotion documents submitted to
the applicable Authority for comment, adverse event files and complaint files, records and studies and any other information
relevant to the assessment of product safety (d) data, results (including all tables, listings and graphs) and reports, case
report forms, and other materials or correspondence filed with or received from an Authority to the extent relating to any Products
and Services (e) internal and external inspection or audit reports and (f) other data contained or relied upon in any of
the foregoing, in each case of clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f), to the extent in the possession or control of the Company
Group.

8

1.62Regulatory Permit means any Permit required for the development, manufacturing or marketing of a Product or
a Service under applicable Laws, including, where required, pricing and reimbursement approvals and including Marketing Approvals.

1.63Regulatory Transfer Approvals means all approvals of an Authority, including the submission of letters required
under any applicable Law, as required for the transfer of a Regulatory Permit from one party to another to evidence the transfer of ownership
of a Marketing Approval or other Regulatory Permit.

1.64Release or Releasing means depositing, spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, placing,
emitting, discarding, abandoning, emptying, discharging, migrating, injecting, escaping, leaking, dumping or disposing into the environment,
including, without limitation, the abandonment or disposal of any barrels, containers or other closed receptacles containing any Hazardous
Material.

1.65SAFE means the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC.

1.66SAFE Rules and Regulations means, collectively, Circular 37 and any other applicable SAFE rules and regulations,
as amended and supplemented from time to time.

1.67SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

1.68Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

1.69Service means any services, access to facilities, personnel, equipment, Software and hardware and other assistance
that were provided, offered, marketed, sold and/or distributed by the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company, or regarding which the Company
or a Subsidiary of the Company has rights, and including any such service that has received Marketing Approval.

1.70Service Provider means any employee, officer, director, individual independent contractor or individual consultant
of the Company Group.

1.71 Signing Date means the execution date of the Definitive Agreements.

1.72Software means all computer software, applications, and programs (and all versions, releases, fixes, patches,
upgrades and updates thereto, as applicable), including software compilations, development tools, compilers, files, scripts, manuals,
design notes, programmers notes, architecture, application programming interfaces, mobile applications, algorithms, data, databases,
and compilations of data, comments, user interfaces, menus, buttons, icons, as well as any foreign language versions, fixes, upgrades,
updates, enhancements, new versions, previous versions, new releases and previous releases thereof, in each case, whether in source code,
object code or human readable form.

9

1.73 Subsidiary or Subsidiaries means, with respect to any given Person, any other Person
(a) that has at least fifty percent (50%) of the capital stock or share capital or other equity or voting securities are Controlled or
owned, directly or indirectly, by such given Person, (b) the management of which is otherwise Controlled by such given Person, or (c)
the financial statements of which are otherwise consolidated with those of such given Person under the U.S. GAAP.

1.74Tangible Property means all tangible property and interests therein, including machinery, computers and accessories,
furniture, office equipment, communications equipment, automobiles, trucks, forklifts and other vehicles owned or leased by the Company
and other tangible property, including the items listed on Section 5.14 of the Company Disclosure Schedule.

1.75Tax(es) means any federal, state, local or foreign tax, charge, fee, levy, custom, duty, deficiency, or other
assessment of any kind or nature imposed by any Taxing Authority (including any income (net or gross), gross receipts, profits, windfall
profit, sales, use, goods and services, ad valorem, franchise, license, withholding, employment, social security, workers compensation,
unemployment compensation, employment, payroll, transfer, excise, import, real property, personal property, intangible property, occupancy,
recording, minimum, alternative minimum, environmental or estimated tax), including any liability therefor as a transferee or successor,
as a result of Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 or similar provision of applicable Law or as a result of any Tax sharing, indemnification
or similar agreement, together with any interest, penalty, additions to tax or additional amount imposed with respect thereto.

1.76Tax Return means any return, information return, declaration, claim for refund or credit, report or any similar
statement, and any amendment thereto, including any attached schedule and supporting information, whether on a separate, consolidated,
combined, unitary or other basis, that is filed or required to be filed with any Taxing Authority in connection with the determination,
assessment, collection or payment of a Tax or the administration of any Law relating to any Tax.

1.77Taxing Authority means the Authority responsible for the collection, assessment or imposition of any Tax or
the administration of any Law relating to any Tax, including the Internal Revenue Services.

1.78Trading Day means any means
any day on which the Purchaser Class A Ordinary Shares are actually traded on the principal securities exchange or securities market on
which Purchaser Class A Ordinary Shares are then traded.

1.79Transactions means the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Definitive Agreements, the Reincorporation
Merger, the Acquisition Merger and the Additional Agreements.

1.80Transfer Tax means any transfer, documentary, sales, use, real property, stamp, registration, excise, recording,
registration, value added and other similar Taxes, fees and costs (including any associated penalties and interest) payable in connection
with or by reason of the execution and delivery of the Definitive Agreements and the transactions contemplated hereunder.

1.81U.S. GAAP means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied.

10

1.82 VWAP means, for any security as of any date(s), the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security
on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which such security is then traded each day as reported by Bloomberg through
its HP function (set to weighted average) or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price
of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security during the day, or, if no dollar volume-weighted
average price is reported for such security by Bloomberg for such day, then the closing price for such day. If the VWAP (or closing price)
cannot be calculated for such security on such date(s) on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of such security on such date(s) shall
be the fair market value as determined reasonably and in good faith by the Company. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted
for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction during such period.

1.83$ means U.S. dollars, the legal currency of the United States.

Defined Term Section

Acquisition Agreement 12.1(c)

Acquisition Merger Preamble

Acquisition Plan of Merger 3.2

Additional Parent SEC Documents 6.14(a)

Agreement Preamble

Applicable Per Share Merger Consideration 4.1(a)

Arbitrator 11.1(a)

Audited Financials 7.6

Balance Sheet Date 5.11(c)

Bioserica Hong Kong Preamble

Bioserica Nanjing Preamble

Business Preamble

BVI Act 2.1

Change of Control Transaction 4.4(c)

Closing 3.2

Closing Date 3.2

Company Preamble

Company Filing Documents 5.18(c)

Company Group 5.1

Company Group Consent 5.10

Company Ordinary Share 5.5(a)

D&O Indemnified Persons 7.8(a)

D&O Tail Insurance 7.8(b)

Definitive Agreements 12.1(c)

Dissenting Shareholders 4.1(b)

Dissenting Shares 4.1(b)

Earnout Event or Earnout Events 4.4(a)(iv)

Earnout Event 1 4.4(a)(i)

Earnout Event 2 4.4(a)(ii)

Earnout Event 3 4.4(a)(iii)

11

Earnout Event 4 4.4(a)(iv)

Earnout Shareholders 4.4(a)

Earnout Shares 4.4(a)

Effective Time 3.2

Excluded Shares 4.1(d)

Financial Statements 5.11(a)

Governmental Approval 5.3

Key Personnel 5.23(a)

Labor Agreements 5.24(a)

Licensed Intellectual Property Rights 5.19(b) 

Material Contract 5.16(a)

Merger Sub Preamble

Money Laundering Laws 5.32

Parent Preamble

Parent Dissenting Shareholder 2.10

Parent Dissenting Shares 2.10

Parent Excluded Shares 2.6(d)

Parent Financial Statements 6.14(b)

Parent SEC Documents 6.14(a)

Parent Shareholder Approval Matters 9.4(a)

Parent Shares Redemption 9.4(a)

Parent Special Meeting 9.4(a)

Permits 5.17(a)

Personal Information 5.18(b)

PRC Establishment Documents 5.9(d)

PRC Subsidiary 5.9(d)

Prospectus 13.14

Proxy Statement 9.4(a)

Purchaser Preamble

Purchaser Parties ARTICLE V

Registrar 2.2

Registration Statement 9.4(a)

Reincorporation Effective Time 2.2

Reincorporation Intended Tax Treatment 2.9

Reincorporation Merger Preamble

Reincorporation Plan of Merger 2.2

Reincorporation Surviving Corporation 2.1

Related Party 5.16(e)

Related Party Transaction 5.34

Required Parent Shareholder Approval 10.1(f)

Requisite Company Vote 5.2

Safety Notices 5.17(b)

Securities 5.5(b)

Surviving Corporation 3.1

Top Customers 5.20(a)

Top Suppliers 5.20(a)

Trust
Account 6.9

Trust Fund 6.9

Trustee 6.9

WFOE Preamble

12

ARTICLE II

REINCORPORATION MERGER

2.1Reincorporation Merger. At the Reincorporation Effective Time (as defined in Section 2.2 below), and subject to and
upon the terms and conditions of the Definitive Agreements, and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the BVI Business Companies
Act, as amended (the BVI Act), Parent shall be merged with and into Purchaser, the separate corporate existence of
Parent shall cease and Purchaser shall continue as the surviving company in the Reincorporation Merger under the BVI Act. Purchaser as
the surviving company after the Reincorporation Merger is hereinafter sometimes referred to as the Reincorporation Surviving
Corporation.

2.2Reincorporation Effective Time. The Parent and the Purchaser shall cause the Reincorporation
Merger to be consummated by the directors and shareholders of each of Parent and Purchaser approving the plan of merger (the Reincorporation
Plan of Merger) and filing the articles of merger (the Reincorporation Articles of Merger) (and other
documents required by the BVI Act) with the Registrar of Corporate Affairs in the British Virgin Islands (the Registrar),
in accordance with the relevant provisions of the BVI Act (the time of such filings, or such later time, not exceeding 30 days, as specified
in the Reincorporation Articles of Merger and the Reincorporation Plan of Merger, being the Reincorporation Effective Time).

2.3Effect of the Reincorporation Merger. At the Reincorporation Effective Time, the effect of the Reincorporation Merger shall
be as provided in the Definitive Agreements, the Reincorporation Articles of Merger, the Reincorporation Plan of Merger and the applicable
provisions of the BVI Act. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Reincorporation Effective Time,
(a) the Reincorporation Surviving Corporation has all the rights, privileges, immunities, powers, objects and purposes of each of the
Purchaser and the Parent, (b) the memorandum and articles of association of the Reincorporation Surviving Corporation are automatically
amended to the extent, if any, that changes in its memorandum and articles of association are contained in the Reincorporation Articles
of Merger, (c) assets of every description, including choses in action and the business of each of the Parent and the Purchaser, immediately
vests in the Reincorporation Surviving Corporation, and (d) the Reincorporation Surviving Corporation is liable for all claims, debts,
liabilities and obligations of each of Parent and Purchaser, and all securities of the Reincorporation Surviving Corporation issued and
outstanding as a result of the conversion under Sections 2.6(a) through 2.6(c) hereof shall be listed on the public trading
market on which the Parent Units were trading prior to the Reincorporation Merger.

13

2.4Memorandum and Articles of Association. At the Reincorporation Effective Time, the memorandum and articles of association
of the Purchaser shall be the memorandum and articles of association of the Reincorporation Surviving Corporation, except that such memorandum
and articles shall be amended and restated so that they read in their entirety as will be set forth in Exhibit F to the Acquisition
Agreement, and as so amended and restated, shall be the memorandum and articles of association of the Reincorporation Surviving Corporation,
until thereafter amended in accordance with their terms, the Organizational Documents of the Reincorporation Surviving Corporation and
as provided by Law.

2.5Directors and Officers of the Reincorporation Surviving Corporation. Immediately after the Reincorporation Effective Time
and prior to the Closing, the officers and the board of directors of the Reincorporation Surviving Corporation shall be constituted by
the same persons as the officers and board of directors of the Parent immediately prior to the Reincorporation Effective Time.

2.6Effect on Issued Securities of Parent and Purchaser.

(a)Conversion of Parent Ordinary Shares. At the Reincorporation Effective Time, every issued and outstanding Parent Ordinary
Share (other than the Parent Excluded Shares and the Parent Dissenting Shares) shall be converted automatically into one Purchaser Class
A Ordinary Share and thereupon holders of issued Parent Ordinary Shares (other than the Parent Excluded Shares and the Parent Dissenting
Shares) shall cease to have any rights with respect to such Parent Ordinary Shares, except as provided herein or by Law. From and after
the Reincorporation Effective Time, each certificate or book entry position that evidenced Parent Ordinary Shares immediately prior to
the Reincorporation Merger shall entitle the holder only to the applicable number of Purchaser Ordinary Shares into which such certificate
or book entry position is convertible according to this Section 2.6(a). Upon surrender of each certificate (if any) previously
evidencing Parent Ordinary Shares, such certificate shall be exchanged for a certificate representing the same number of applicable Purchaser
Ordinary Shares.

(b) Parent
Units. Immediately prior to the Reincorporation Effective Time, every issued and outstanding Parent Unit shall be separated automatically
into its constituent securities in accordance with the terms thereof, which shall be converted automatically into Purchaser Class A Ordinary
Shares in accordance with Section 2.6(a) or (c), as applicable and thereupon all Parent Units shall cease to be outstanding
and shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist and the holders of issued Parent Units shall cease to have any
rights with respect to such Parent Units, except as provided herein or by Law. Upon surrender of each certificate (if any) previously
evidencing Parent Units, such certificate shall be exchanged for certificates representing the applicable number of Purchaser Class A
Ordinary Shares (if required).

14

(c)Parent
Rights. Immediately prior to the Reincorporation Effective Time and after the separation of Parent Units in Section
2.6(b), every issued and outstanding Parent Right shall be converted automatically into one-tenth (1/10) of one Parent Class A
Ordinary Share in accordance with the terms thereof, which shall be converted automatically into Purchaser Class A Ordinary Shares
at the Reincorporation Effective Time and thereupon all Parent Rights shall cease to be outstanding and shall automatically be
canceled and retired and shall cease to exist and the holders of issued Parent Rights, as evidenced by the register of rights
holders, shall cease to have any rights with respect to such Parent Rights, except as provided herein or by Law. From and after the
Reincorporation Effective Time, each certificate or book entry position that evidenced Parent Rights immediately prior to the
Reincorporation Merger shall entitle the holder only to the applicable number of Purchaser Class A Ordinary Shares into which such
certificate or book entry position is convertible according to this Section 2.6(c) and 2.6(a). Upon surrender of each
certificate (if any) previously evidencing Parent Rights, such certificate shall be exchanged for a certificate representing the
applicable number of Purchaser Class A Ordinary Shares (if required).

(d)Cancellation of Parent Ordinary Shares Owned by Parent. At the Reincorporation Effective Time, if there are any Parent Ordinary
Shares that are owned by the Parent as treasury shares or any Parent Ordinary Shares owned by any Subsidiary of the Parent immediately
prior to the Reincorporation Effective Time (collectively, the Parent Excluded Shares), such shares shall be canceled
and extinguished without any conversion thereof or payment therefor.

(e) Transfers
of Ownership. If any certificate for securities of Purchaser is to be issued in a name other than that in which the certificate surrendered
in exchange therefor is registered, it will be a condition of the issuance thereof that the certificate so surrendered will be properly
endorsed (or accompanied by an appropriate instrument of transfer) and otherwise in proper form for transfer and that the person requesting
such exchange will have paid to Purchaser or any agent designated by it any transfer or other Taxes required by reason of the issuance
of a certificate for securities of Purchaser in any name other than that of the registered holder of the certificate surrendered, or
established to the satisfaction of Purchaser or any agent designated by it that such Tax has been paid or is not payable.

(f)No Liability. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.6, none of the Reincorporation Surviving
Corporation, the Parent or any party hereto shall be liable to any person for any amount properly paid to a public official pursuant to
any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.

(g) Fractional
Shares. No certificates or scrip representing fractional shares of Purchaser Ordinary Share will be issued pursuant to the Reincorporation
Merger and each holder of Parent Securities who would otherwise be entitled to a fraction of a Purchaser Ordinary Share at any time Parent
Ordinary Shares are distributed to any such Person pursuant to the Definitive Agreements (after aggregating all fractional shares that
otherwise would be received by such holder in connection with such distribution) shall receive from Purchaser, in lieu of such fractional
share, one (1) share of Purchaser Class A Ordinary Share.

(h) Conversion
of Purchaser Ordinary Shares. At the Reincorporation Effective Time, every issued and outstanding Purchaser Ordinary Share immediately
prior to the Reincorporation Effective Time shall cease to be issued and shall be automatically canceled and retired and shall cease
to exist.

15

2.7Surrender of Securities. All securities issued in exchange for Parent Securities in accordance with the terms hereof shall
be deemed to have been issued in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such securities, provided that any restrictions on the
sale and transfer of Parent Securities shall also apply to the Purchaser Securities so issued in exchange.

2.8Lost Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. In the event any certificates for any Parent Securities shall have been lost, stolen
or destroyed, the Purchaser shall issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed certificates or securities, as the case may be,
upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the holder thereof, such securities, as may be required pursuant to Section 2.7;
provided, however, that the Reincorporation Surviving Corporation may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance
thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificates to deliver a bond in such sum as it may reasonably direct as
indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Reincorporation Surviving Corporation with respect to the certificates alleged
to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.

2.9Section 368 Reorganization. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Reincorporation Merger is intended to constitute a
transaction that qualifies as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations
promulgated thereunder to which each of Parent and the Purchaser is a party under Section 368(b) of the Code (the Reincorporation
Intended Tax Treatment). The parties to this Agreement intend to (a) adopt the Definitive Agreements as a plan of reorganization
with respect to the Reincorporation Merger within the meaning of Section 1.368-2(g) of the United States Treasury Regulations, (b) agree
to file and retain such information as shall be required under Section 1.368-3 of the United States Treasury Regulations, and (c) agree
to file all Tax and other informational returns on a basis consistent with the Reincorporation Intended Tax Treatment, unless required
to do otherwise pursuant to a final determination as defined in Section 1413(a) of the Code (or pursuant to any similar provision of applicable
state, local or non-U.S. Law). Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the parties
acknowledge and agree that no party is making any representation or warranty as to the qualification of the Reincorporation Merger for
the Reincorporation Intended Tax Treatment or as to the effect, if any, that any transaction consummated on, after or prior to the Reincorporation
Effective Time has or may have on any such reorganization status. Each of the parties acknowledge and agree that each (i) has had the
opportunity to obtain independent legal and tax advice with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Definitive
Agreements, and (ii) is responsible for paying its own Taxes, including any adverse Tax consequences that may result if the Reincorporation
Merger is determined not to qualify for the Reincorporation Intended Tax Treatment.

16

2.10 Dissenters
Rights. No holder of Parent Ordinary Shares who has validly exercised their dissenters rights in respect of their Parent
Ordinary Shares pursuant to Section 179 of the BVI Act (each a Parent Dissenting Shareholder) shall be entitled
to receive the securities of the Purchaser in accordance with Section 2.6(a) or 2.6(c) or 2.6(d), as applicable
with respect to the Parent Ordinary Shares owned by such Parent Dissenting Shareholder (Parent Dissenting
Shares) unless and until such Parent Dissenting Shareholder shall have effectively withdrawn or lost their
dissenters rights under the BVI Act. Each Parent Dissenting Shareholder shall be entitled to receive only the payment
resulting from the procedure in Section 179 of the BVI Act with respect to the Parent Dissenting Shares owned by such Parent
Dissenting Shareholder. The Purchaser shall give the Parent (a) prompt notice of any written demands for appraisal, attempted
withdrawals of such demands, and any other instruments served pursuant to applicable Law that are received by the Purchaser relating
to any Parent Dissenting Shareholders rights of dissent and (b) the opportunity to direct all negotiations and proceedings
with respect to demand for appraisal under the BVI Act. The Purchaser shall not, except with the prior written consent of the
Parent, voluntarily make any payment with respect to any demands for appraisal, offer to settle or settle any such demands or
approve any withdrawal of any such demands.

2.11Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action. If, at any time after the Reincorporation Effective Time, any further action
is necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of the Definitive Agreements and to vest the Reincorporation Surviving Corporation
with full right, title and possession to all assets of every description, including choses in action and the business of each of the Parent
and the Purchaser, property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of the Parent and the Purchaser, the officers and directors of
the Reincorporation Surviving Corporation are fully authorized in the name of the Reincorporation Surviving Corporation or otherwise to
take, and will take, all such lawful and necessary action, so long as such action is not inconsistent with the Definitive Agreements.

ARTICLE III

ACQUISITION MERGER

3.1Acquisition Merger. On the Closing Date, following the Reincorporation Merger, subject to and upon the terms and conditions
set forth in the Definitive Agreements, and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the BVI Act, Merger Sub shall be merged with
and into the Company, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease and the Company shall continue as the surviving company
in the Acquisition Merger (the Surviving Corporation) under the BVI Act.

3.2 Closing;
Effective Time. Unless the Definitive Agreements are earlier terminated, the closing of the Acquisition Merger (the
Closing) shall take place after the Reincorporation Merger at the offices of Loeb & Loeb LLP, 345 Park
Avenue, New York, New York at 10:00 a.m. (New York time) on a date no later than five (5) Business Days after the satisfaction or
(if permissible) waiver of all the conditions set forth in Article X (other than those conditions that by their nature are to
be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or, if permissible, waiver of those conditions), or at such other place
and time as the Company and the Purchaser Parties may mutually agree upon in writing. The parties may participate in the Closing via
electronic means by the mutual exchange of electronic signatures (including portable document format (.PDF) and Verisign). The date
on which the Closing occurs is hereinafter referred to as the Closing Date. Subject to the provisions of the
Definitive Agreements, at the Closing, Merger Sub and the Company shall cause the Acquisition Merger to be consummated by the
directors and shareholders of each of the Merger Sub and the Company approving a plan of merger (the Acquisition Plan of
Merger) in form and substance acceptable to the Merger Sub and the Company and filing the articles of merger (the
Acquisition Articles of Merger) (and other documents required by the BVI Act) with the Registrar in accordance
with the relevant provisions of the BVI Act. The Acquisition Merger shall become effective at the time when it is registered by the
Registrar (or such later time as may be agreed in writing by the Company and Purchaser and specified in the Acquisition Plan of
Merger, being not more than the 30th day after the date of such registration) in accordance with the BVI Act (the
Effective Time).

17

3.3Company Officers. The officers of the Company as of immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the officers of the
Reincorporation Surviving Corporation.

3.4Effect of the Acquisition Merger. At the Effective Time, the effect of the Acquisition Merger shall be as provided in the
Definitive Agreements, the Acquisition Plan of Merger, the Acquisition Articles of Merger and the applicable provisions of the BVI Act.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time, (a) the Surviving Corporation has all the
rights, privileges, immunities, powers, objects and purposes of each of the Company and the Merger Sub, (b) the memorandum and articles
of association of the Surviving Corporation are automatically amended to the extent, if any, that changes in its memorandum and articles
of association are contained in the Acquisition Articles of Merger, (c) assets of every description, including choses in action and the
business of each of the Company and the Merger Sub, immediately vests in the Surviving Corporation, and (d) the Surviving Corporation
is liable for all claims, debts, liabilities and obligations of each of the Company and the Merger Sub, which shall include the assumption
by the Surviving Corporation of any and all agreements, covenants, duties and obligations of the Merger Sub and the Company set forth
in the Definitive Agreements to be performed after the Effective Time.

3.5Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Surviving Corporation. At the Effective Time, the memorandum and articles
of the Company shall be the memorandum and articles of association of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended in accordance
with their terms, the Organizational Documents of the Surviving Corporation and as provided by Law.

3.6Board of Directors of the Reincorporation Surviving Corporation. At the Effective Time and immediately after the Closing,
the Reincorporation Surviving Corporations board of directors shall consist of five (5) directors, three (3) of which will be executive
directors designated by the Company prior to the Closing, at least two (2) of which will be designated by the Company to serve as independent
directors.

3.7Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action. If, at any time after the Effective Time, any further action is necessary or
desirable to carry out the purposes of the Definitive Agreements and to vest the Surviving Corporation with full right, title and interest
in, to and under, and/or possession of, all assets of every description, including choses in action and the business of each of the Company
and the Merger Sub, the officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation are fully authorized in the name of the Surviving Corporation
or otherwise to take, and will take, all such lawful and necessary action, so long as such action is not inconsistent with this Agreement.

18

ARTICLE IV

CONSIDERATION

4.1Conversion of Capital.

(a) Conversion
of Company Ordinary Shares. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Acquisition Merger and without any action on the part of the
Parent, the Purchaser, the Merger Sub, the Company or the Company Shareholders, each Company Share issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time (other than the Excluded Shares and Dissenting Shares, each as defined below) shall be canceled and automatically
converted into the right to receive, without interest, the number of Closing Payment Shares as will be set forth in Exhibit A to the
Acquisition Agreement (the Applicable Per Share Merger Consideration). For avoidance of any doubt, at the Effective
Time, each Company Shareholder will cease to have any rights with respect to the Company Ordinary Shares, except the right to receive
the Applicable Per Share Merger Consideration.

(b) Dissenting
Shares. Each Company Share (the Dissenting Shares) owned by holders of Company Ordinary Shares who have validly
exercised and not effectively withdrawn or lost their rights to dissent from the Acquisition Merger pursuant to the BVI Act (the Company
Dissenting Shareholders) shall thereafter represent only the right to receive the applicable payments set forth in Section
4.3, unless and until such Company Dissenting Shareholder effectively withdraws its demand for, or loses its rights to, dissent from
the Acquisition Merger pursuant to the BVI Act with respect to any Dissenting Shares.

(c) Authorized
Shares of Merger Sub. The Merger Sub Ordinary Share that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will,
by virtue of the Acquisition Merger and without further action on the part of the sole shareholder of Merger Sub, be converted into and
become one ordinary share of the Surviving Corporation (and such share of the Surviving Corporation into which the ordinary share of
Merger Sub is so converted shall be the only share of the Surviving Corporation that is issued and outstanding immediately after the
Effective Time).

(d) Treatment
of Certain Company Ordinary Share. At the Effective Time, all Company Ordinary Shares that are owned by the Company (as treasury
shares or otherwise) or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (collectively, the Excluded
Shares) shall be automatically canceled and extinguished without any conversion or consideration delivered in exchange thereof.

(e) Surrender
of Certificates. All securities issued upon the surrender of Company Ordinary Shares in accordance with the terms hereof, shall be
deemed to have been issued in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such securities.

(f) Lost,
Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. In the event any certificates for any Company Share shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Purchaser shall cause to be issued in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed certificates and for each such share, upon the
making of an affidavit of that fact by the holder thereof; provided, however, that Purchaser may, in its discretion and as a
condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificates to deliver a bond in
such sum as it may reasonably direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against Purchaser with respect to the
certificates alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.

19

(g) Adjustments.
Without limiting the other provisions of this Agreement, if at any time during the period between the Signing Date and the Effective
Time, any change in the outstanding securities of Parent Ordinary Shares shall occur (other than the issuance of additional shares of
the Parent as may be permitted by the Definitive Agreements), including by reason of any reclassification, recapitalization, share split
(including a reverse share split), or combination, exchange, readjustment of shares, or similar transaction, or any share dividend or
distribution paid in shares, the Closing Payment Shares and any other amounts payable pursuant to the Definitive Agreements shall be
appropriately adjusted to reflect such change; provided, however, that this sentence shall not be construed to permit the Parent, the
Purchaser or the Company to take any action with respect to its securities that is prohibited by the terms of this Agreement or the Definitive
Agreements.

4.2Payment of Merger Consideration.

(a)Upon and subject to the terms and conditions of the Definitive Agreements, at the Effective Time, the Purchaser shall issue to
each Company Shareholder as of the date of the Acquisition Agreements such number of Closing Payment Shares opposite such Company Shareholders
name as will be set forth in Exhibit A to the Acquisition Agreement. If the Company issues any additional Company Shares following
the date hereof in exchange for cash, at the Effective Time such additional Company Shares shall be converted into a number of Purchaser
Class A Ordinary Shares equal to the Applicable Per Share Merger Consideration.

(b)No certificates or scrip representing fractional Purchaser Ordinary Shares will be issued pursuant to the Acquisition Merger, and
such fractional share interests will not entitle the owner thereof to vote or to any rights of a shareholder of the Purchaser.

(c) Each certificate
issued pursuant to the Acquisition Merger to the Company Shareholders to be stipulated in Exhibit A of the Acquisition Agreement
shall bear the legend set forth below, or legend substantially equivalent thereto, together with any other legends that may be required
by any securities laws at the time of the issuance of the Purchaser Ordinary Shares:

THE ORDINARY
SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE
ACT), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED UNLESS AND UNTIL (I) SUCH
OFFER, SALE, TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATION HAS BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE ACT OR (II) THE ISSUER OF THE ORDINARY SHARES HAS
RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER THAT SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR
HYPOTHECATION IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE ACT.

20

4.3Dissenters Rights.(a)

(a)No Person who has validly exercised their dissenters rights pursuant to the BVI Act shall be entitled to receive the Applicable
Per Share Merger Consideration with respect to the Dissenting Shares owned by such Dissenting Shareholder unless and until such Dissenting
Shareholder shall have effectively withdrawn or lost its dissenters rights under the BVI Act. Each Dissenting Shareholder shall
be entitled to receive only the payment resulting from the procedure set forth in the BVI Act with respect to the Dissenting Shares owned
by such Dissenting Shareholder. The Company shall give the Purchaser (i) prompt notice of any notices of objection, notices of dissent,
written demands for appraisal, demands for fair value, attempted withdrawals of such demands, and any other instruments served pursuant
to applicable Laws that are received by the Company relating to any Dissenting Shareholders rights of dissent under the BVI Act
and (ii) the opportunity to direct all negotiations and proceedings with respect to demand for appraisal under the BVI Act. The Company
shall not, except with the prior written consent of the Purchaser, voluntarily make any payment with respect to any demands for appraisal,
offer to settle or settle any such demands or approve any withdrawal of any such demands.

(b) In the event
that any written notices of objection to the Acquisition Merger are served by any shareholders of the Company pursuant section 238(2)
of the BVI Act, the Company shall serve written notice of the authorization and approval of the Definitive Agreements, the Acquisition
Plan of Merger and the Acquisition Merger on such shareholders pursuant to section 238(4) of the BVI Act within twenty (20) days of obtaining
the Requisite Company Vote (as defined below), provided that prior to serving any such notice, the Company shall consult with the Purchaser
with respect to such notice and shall afford the Purchaser a reasonable opportunity to comment thereon.

4.4Earnout

(a) After the Closing,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 4.4, the Company Shareholders as will be set forth in Exhibit
H to the Acquisition Agreement (the Earnout Shareholders) shall have the right to receive in the aggregate up
to a maximum of an additional 4,000,000 Purchaser Class A Ordinary Shares (subject to equitable adjustment for share splits, share dividends,
combinations, recapitalizations and the like after the Closing, including to account for any equity securities into which such shares
are exchanged or converted) (the Earnout Shares). The Earnout Shareholders right to receive the Earnout Shares
shall vest and become due and issuable as follows:

(i)in the event that, between one (1) month after the Closing Date and the date that is twelve (12) months after the Closing Date,
the VWAP of the Purchaser Class A Ordinary Shares over any twenty (20) Trading Days within any thirty (30) Trading Day period is greater
than or equal to $15 (Earnout Event 1), then the Earnout Shareholders shall be entitled to receive 1,000,000 Earnout
Shares, with each Earnout Shareholder receiving its Pro Rata Portion thereof.

21

(ii) in the event that the revenue of the Purchaser and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis by or before the first full fiscal
year after the Closing Date, calculated based on a full fiscal year, as set forth in the consolidated audited financial statements in
the annual report of the Purchaser for that year, is equal to or exceeds $50,000,000 (Earnout Event 2), then the
Earnout Shareholders shall be entitled to receive 1,000,000 Earnout Shares, with each Earnout Shareholder receiving its Pro Rata Portion
thereof.

(iii)in the event that the revenue of the Purchaser and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis by or before the second full financial
year after the Closing Date, calculated based on a full fiscal year, as set forth in the consolidated audited financial statements in
the annual report of the Purchaser for that year, is equal to or exceeds $100,000,000 (Earnout Event 3), then the
Earnout Shareholders shall be entitled to receive 2,000,000 Earnout Shares, less any Earnout Shares previously issued in connection with
Earnout Event 2, such that any Earnout Shares already issued under Earnout Event 2 shall not be reissued under this Section 4.4(a)(iii),
with each Earnout Shareholder receiving its Pro Rata Portion thereof.

(iv)in the event that the revenue of the Purchaser and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis by or before the third full financial
year after the Closing Date, calculated based on a full fiscal year, as set forth in the consolidated audited financial statements in
the annual report of the Purchaser for that year, is equal to or exceeds $200,000,000 (Earnout Event 4, together
with Earnout Event 1, Earnout Event 2 and Earnout Event 3, the Earnout Events and each, an Earnout Event),
then the Earnout Shareholders shall be entitled to receive 3,000,000 Earnout Shares, less any Earnout Shares previously issued in connection
with Earnout Event 2 and/or Earnout Event 3, such that any Earnout Shares already issued under Earnout Event 2 or Earnout Event 3 shall
not be reissued under this Section 4.4(a)(iv), with each Earnout Shareholder receiving its Pro Rata Portion thereof.

(b) In the event
that the applicable Earnout Event has not occurred during the applicable period, the Earnout Shareholders shall not be entitled to receive
the applicable portion of the Earnout Shares. For the avoidance of doubt, each Earnout Shareholder shall be entitled to receive Earnout
Shares only upon the occurrence of each Earnout Event; provided, however, that (i) each Earnout Event may only occur once,
if at all, (ii) the total number of Earnout Shares shall not exceed 4,000,000, and (iii) in no event shall any Earnout Shareholder be
entitled to receive, nor shall the Purchaser be obligated to issue to such Earnout Shareholder, more than the product of (1) the
total amount of Earnout Shares specified in Section 4.4(a) for such Earnout Event (as adjusted) multiplied by (2) the
applicable Pro Rata Portion of such Earnout Shareholder for such Earnout Event.

(c) In the
event of a Change of Control Transaction, any amount of the Earnout Shares not previously issued will be vested immediately prior to
such Change of Control Transaction. A Change of Control Transaction means: (i) the sale of all or substantially
all of the consolidated assets of Purchaser and Purchaser Subsidiaries to a third-party purchaser; (ii) a sale resulting in no less
than a majority of the voting power of the Purchaser being held by a Person that did not own a majority of the voting power prior to
such sale; or (iii) a merger, consolidation, recapitalization or reorganization of Purchaser with or into a third-party purchaser
that results in the inability of the pre-transaction equity holders to designate or elect a majority of the Board of Directors (or
its equivalent) of the resulting entity or its parent company.

22

(d)The right of the Earnout Shareholders to receive the Earnout Shares shall not entitle the holders thereof to any voting or dividend
rights otherwise granted to holders of Purchaser Class A Ordinary Shares (if any) prior to the issuance of such shares. For the avoidance
of doubt, the Purchaser shall not be required to issue Purchaser Class A Ordinary Shares to the extent not permitted to do so by
applicable Law, including by way of an exemption from registration under applicable securities laws.

(e)Any Earnout Shares issued hereunder to the Earnout Shareholders shall be subject to the restrictions and lock-up period(s) as set
forth in the applicable Lock-up Agreements.

4.5 Withholding.
Purchaser and any other applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise
payable to the Company Shareholders pursuant to the Definitive Agreements such amounts as are required to be deducted or withheld
with respect to the making of such payment under the Code, or under any provision of state, local or non-U.S. Tax Law. To the extent
that amounts are so deducted, withheld and timely paid over to the appropriate Taxing Authority in accordance with applicable Law,
such amounts shall be treated for all purposes under the Definitive Agreements as having been paid to the Person in respect of which
such deduction and withholding was made.

ARTICLE V

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

Except as set forth in the
Company Disclosure Schedule delivered by the Company to the Purchaser Parties (as defined below) simultaneously with the execution of
the Acquisition Agreement, the Company Group hereby represent and warrant to the Parent, Purchaser and Merger Sub (collectively, Purchaser
Parties) that each of the following representations and warranties is true, correct and complete as of the Signing Date and
as updated as of the Closing Date (or, if such representations and warranties are made with respect to a certain date, as of such date).
The parties hereto agree that any reference to numbered and lettered paragraphs and sub-paragraphs of this ARTICLE V to which the particular
schedule relates is for the sake of convenience only. However, each such disclosure (whether directly or by reference to any document
or other source) shall be taken as referring to each and every paragraph of ARTICLE V to which it can reasonably be expected to relate,
and not only to the numbered and lettered paragraphs and sub-paragraphs to which it has been specified as relating to. For the avoidance
of doubt, unless the context otherwise required, the below representations and warranties relate to the Company on a consolidated basis
with its Subsidiaries.

23

5.1 Corporate
Existence and Power. The Company is a business company duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws
of the British Virgin Islands and its Subsidiaries are duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction in which they were formed. Each member of the Company Group has all requisite power and authority, corporate and
otherwise, and has all material Permits, governmental licenses, franchises, authorizations, consents and approvals necessary and
required to own, lease and operate its properties and assets and to carry on its business as presently conducted. Each member of the
Company Group is duly licensed, qualified or authorized to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the
properties owned or leased by it or the operation of its business as currently conducted makes such licensing, qualification or
authorization necessary. No member of the Company Group is in violation of any provisions of its Organizational Documents. Section
5.1 of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists all jurisdictions in which any member of the Company Group is qualified to conduct
the Business.

5.2Authorization. Each member of the Company Group has all the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement,
the Definitive Agreements and each Additional Agreement to which it is a party and to perform all its obligations hereunder and thereunder
and to consummate the Acquisition Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution, delivery and performance
by each member of the Company Group of this Agreement, the Definitive Agreements and the Additional Agreements to which it is a party
and the consummation by each member of the Company Group of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby are within the corporate
powers of such member of the Company Group and have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of such member of the Company
Group (including the board of directors of the Company), subject to the authorization and approval of this Agreement, the Definitive Agreements,
the Additional Agreements and the transactions contemplated hereby by way of either (a) a resolution approved at a duly constituted meeting
of the Company Shareholders by the affirmative vote of a simple majority of the votes of those Company Shareholders entitled to vote and
voting on the resolution; or (b) a resolution consented to in writing by all of the Company Shareholders entitled to vote thereon in accordance
with the memorandum and articles of association of the Company and the BVI Act (the Requisite Company Vote).

5.3Governmental Authorization. Neither the execution, delivery nor performance by any member of the Company Group of this Agreement,
the Definitive Agreements or any Additional Agreements to which it such member is a party requires any consent, approval, license or other
action by or in respect of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any Authority (each of the foregoing, Governmental
Approval) as of the Signing Date, except for the CSRC Filings and applicable filings with the Registrar to consummate the Acquisition
Merger.

24

5.4 Non-Contravention.
None of the execution, delivery or performance by any member of the Company Group of this Agreement, the Definitive Agreements or
any Additional Agreements to which such member is a party does or will (a) contravene or conflict with the Organizational Documents
of any member of the Company Group, (b) assuming that all consents, approvals, authorizations, expiration or termination of waiting
periods and other actions described in Section 5.3 have been obtained and all filings and obligations described in Section
5.3 have been made, contravene or conflict with or constitute a violation of any provision of any Law or Order binding upon or
applicable to any member of the Company Group, (c) constitute a default under or breach of (with or without the giving of
notice or the passage of time or both) or violate or give rise to any right of termination, cancellation, amendment or acceleration
of any right or obligation of any member of the Company Group or require any payment or reimbursement or to a loss of any material
benefit relating to the Business to which any member of the Company Group are entitled under any provision of any Permit, Contract
or other instrument or obligations binding upon any member of the Company Group or by which any of the Company Ordinary Share, or
any member of the Company Groups assets is or may be bound or any Permit, or (d) result in the creation or imposition of any
Lien on any of the Company Ordinary Shares, (e) cause a loss of any material benefit relating to the Business to which any member of
the Company Group are entitled under any provision of any Permit or Contract binding upon any member of the Company Group, or (f)
result in the creation or imposition of any Lien (except for Permitted Liens) on any member of the Company Groups material
assets, in the cases of (a) to (d), other than as would not be reasonably expected to, individually or
in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.5Capital Structure

(a) Authorized
Shares of the Company. The Company is authorized to issue up to a maximum of 50,000 ordinary shares of a single class with par
value of US$1.00 each of which (i) 1 Company Ordinary Share is issued and outstanding as of the date hereof. 0 Company Ordinary
Shares are held in its treasury. Except as set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule, all of the issued and outstanding Company
Ordinary Shares have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable, and are not subject to any
preemptive rights or have been issued in violation of any preemptive or similar rights of any Person. As of the date hereof, all of
the issued and outstanding Company Ordinary Shares are owned legally and beneficially by the Persons to be set forth on Part 1 of
Exhibit A of the Acquisition Agreement, and immediately prior to the Closing, all of the issued and outstanding Company Ordinary
Shares will be owned legally and beneficially by the Persons to be set forth on Part 2 of Exhibit A of the Acquisition
Agreement. The only Company Ordinary Shares that will be issued and outstanding immediately after the Closing will be the
Company Ordinary Shares owned by the Purchaser. No other class of shares of the Company is authorized or issued or outstanding.

(b) Except as
set forth on Section 5.5(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no: (i) outstanding shares or share capital of, or
other equity or voting interest in, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (ii) outstanding securities of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries (including debt securities) convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital share or share capital of, or other
equity or voting interest in, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (iii) outstanding Company Share Rights; (iv) outstanding
subscriptions, options, warrants, rights (including phantom stock rights), calls, commitments, understandings, conversion rights,
rights of exchange, plans or other agreements of any kind providing for the purchase, issuance or sale of, or that obligate the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries to register, or that restrict the transfer or voting of, any capital share or share capital of,
or other equity or voting interest in, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital share or share
capital of, or other equity or voting interest in, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (v) obligations of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries to grant, extend or enter into any subscription, warrant, right, convertible or exchangeable security or other
similar agreement or commitment relating to any capital share or share capital of, or other equity or voting interest (including any
voting debt) in, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (the items in clauses (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v), together with the
share capital of the Company, being referred to collectively as Securities); (vi) Contracts, calls,
subscriptions, preemptive rights, arrangements, understandings or other commitments of any kind with respect to any of the
Securities, including any voting trust, other voting agreement or proxy with respect thereto; (vii) disputes, controversies, demands
or claims as to any of the Securities; and (viii) Contracts requiring the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to acquire any equity
interest of any other Person.

25

5.6Charter Documents. Copies of the Organizational Documents of each member of the Company Group have heretofore been made
available to the Purchaser Parties, and such copies are each true, accurate and complete copies of such instruments as amended and in
effect on the date hereof. No member of the Company Group has taken any action in violation or derogation of its Organizational Documents.

5.7Corporate Records. Since January 1, 2023, all proceedings of the board of directors and stockholders or shareholders of
each member of the Company Group in relation to material transactions and material corporate matters of such member of the Company Group
(as applicable) are properly conducted in accordance with the Organizational Documents of such Company Group (as applicable). All material
transactions and material corporate matters of the Company Group are duly approved by the board of directors and/or stockholders or shareholders
of each member of the Company Group in accordance with the Organizational Documents of such Company Group (as applicable). All register
of members and all proceedings of the board of directors and stockholders or shareholders of each member of the Company Group occurring
since January 1, 2023 (and with respect to the Company, since its date of incorporation), and all consents to material actions taken thereby,
are maintained in the ordinary course consistent with past practice. The register of members or the equivalent documents of the Company
Group are complete and accurate. The register of members or the equivalent documents and minute book records of each member of the Company
Group relating to all issuances and transfers of stock or share by each member of the Company Group, and all proceedings of the board
of directors, including committees thereof, and stockholders or shareholders of each member of the Company Group since January 1, 2023,
have been made available to the Purchaser Parties, and are true, correct and complete copies of the original register of members or the
equivalent documents and minute book records of each member of the Company Group.

5.8Assumed Names. Since December 31, 2018, none of the Company Group has used any assumed or doing business as
name to conduct the Business.

26

5.9Subsidiaries

(a) Section
5.9(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth the name of each Subsidiary of the Company, and with respect to each
Subsidiary, its jurisdiction of organization, its authorized shares or other equity interests (if applicable), and the number of
issued and outstanding shares or other equity interests and the record holders thereof. Other than as set forth in the Company
Disclosure Schedule, (i) all of the outstanding equity securities of each Subsidiary of the Company are duly authorized and validly
issued, duly registered, fully paid, and non-assessable (if applicable), were offered, sold and delivered in material compliance
with all applicable securities Laws, and are owned by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries free and clear of all Liens (other than
those, if any, imposed by such Subsidiarys Organizational Documents); (ii) there are no Contracts to which the Company or any
of its Affiliates is a party or bound with respect to the voting (including voting trusts or proxies) of the shares or other equity
interests of any Subsidiary of the Company other than the Organizational Documents of any such Subsidiary; (iii) there are no
outstanding or authorized options, warrants, rights, agreements, subscriptions, convertible securities or commitments to which any
Subsidiary of the Company is a party or which are binding upon any Subsidiary of the Company providing for the issuance or
redemption of any shares or other equity interests in or of any Subsidiary of the Company; (iv) there are no outstanding equity
appreciation, phantom equity, profit participation or similar rights granted by any Subsidiary of the Company; (v) except as set
forth on Section 5.9(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no Subsidiary of the Company has any limitation on its ability to
make any distributions or dividends to its equity holders, whether by Contract, Order or applicable Law; (vi) except for the equity
interests of the Subsidiaries listed on Section 5.9(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company does not own or have
any rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, any shares or other equity interests of, or otherwise Control, any Person; (vii) none
of the Company or its Subsidiaries is a participant in any joint venture, partnership or similar arrangement, and (viii) except as
set forth on Section 5.9(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no outstanding contractual obligations of the
Company or its Subsidiaries to provide funds to, or make any investment (in the form of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise)
in, any other Person.

(b)The Company is the beneficial owner of one hundred percent (100%) of the issued and outstanding equity interests of the WFOE. There
are no outstanding options, warrants, rights (including conversion rights, preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or similar rights)
or agreements to purchase or acquire any equity interest, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for an equity interest, of
the WFOE.

(c)The Company is the beneficial owner of one hundred percent (100%) of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Bioserica Hong
Kong. There are no outstanding options, warrants, rights (including conversion rights, preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or similar
rights) or agreements to purchase or acquire any equity interest, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for an equity interest,
of Bioserica Hong Kong.

27

(d) The
capital and organizational structure of the WFOE and each Subsidiary thereof (each, a PRC Subsidiary) are valid
and in full compliance with the applicable PRC Laws. Except as set forth on Section 5.9(d) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, the registered capital of each PRC Subsidiary has been fully paid up in accordance with the schedule of payment
stipulated in its Organizational Documents, approval documents, certificates of approval and legal person business license
(collectively, the PRC Establishment Documents) and in compliance in all material respects with applicable PRC
Laws. The PRC Establishment Documents of each PRC Subsidiary has been duly approved and filed in accordance with the laws of the PRC
and are valid and enforceable. There are no disputes, controversies, demands or claims as to equity securities of each PRC
Subsidiary. The business scope specified in the PRC Establishment Documents complies in all material respects with the requirements
of all applicable PRC Laws, and the operation and conduct of business by, and the term of operation of the PRC Subsidiary in
accordance with the PRC Establishment Documents is in compliance in all material respects with applicable PRC Laws.

5.10Consents. Except for Contracts listed on Section 5.10 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no Contracts
binding upon the Company Group or by which any of the Company Ordinary Shares, or any of the Company Groups assets are bound, require
a consent, approval, authorization, order or other action of or filing with any Person (other than the Company Group or its shareholders)
as a result of the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Definitive Agreements or any of the Additional Agreements
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (each of the foregoing, a Company Group Consent).

5.11Financial Statements

(a)As of the Signing Date, Section 5.11 of the Company Disclosure Schedule includes the audited consolidated financial statements
of the Company as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023, and prior to the Closing, the Company shall update Section
5.11 of the Company Disclosure Schedule to include the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the
fiscal years ended December 31, 2024, each consisting of the audited consolidated balance sheets as of such dates, the audited consolidated
income statements for the twelve (12) month periods ended on such dates, and the audited consolidated cash flow statements for the twelve
(12) month periods ended on such dates, audited in accordance with the requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (collectively,
the Financial Statements).

(b) The Financial
Statements are complete and accurate and fairly present in all material respects, in conformity with its applicable accounting standards
applied on a consistent basis in all material respects, the financial position of the Company Group as of the dates thereof and the results
of operations of the Company Group for the periods reflected therein. The Financial Statements (i) were prepared from the Books and Records
of the Company and its Subsidiaries; (ii) were prepared on an accrual basis in accordance with its applicable accounting standards consistently
applied; (iii) contain and reflect all necessary adjustments and accruals for a fair presentation of the Companys financial condition
in all material respects as of their dates including for all warranty, maintenance, service and indemnification obligations; and (iv)
contain and reflect adequate provisions for all Liabilities for all material Taxes applicable to the Company and its Subsidiaries with
respect to the periods then ended.

28

(c) Except as
specifically disclosed, reflected or fully reserved against on the Financial Statements, and for liabilities and obligations of a similar
nature and in similar amounts incurred in the ordinary course of business since December 31, 2024 (the Balance Sheet Date),
there are no material Liabilities, debts or obligations of any nature (whether accrued, fixed or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated,
asserted or unasserted or otherwise), or any material off-balance sheet arrangements relating to the Company. All material
debts and Liabilities, fixed or contingent, which should be included under U.S. GAAP on the Financial Statements are included therein.

(d)The Financial Statements accurately reflects in all material respects the outstanding Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries
as of the date thereof. Except as set forth on Section 5.11 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company does not have any material
Indebtedness.

5.12Books and Records. All Contracts, documents, and other papers or copies thereof delivered to the Purchaser Parties by or
on behalf of the Company Group are accurate, complete, and authentic.

(a) The Books and
Records accurately and fairly, in all material respects, reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets of and the providing of
services by each member of the Company Group. Each member of the Company Group maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient
to provide reasonable assurance that:

(i)transactions are executed only in accordance with the respective managements authorization;

(ii) all income and
expense items are promptly and properly recorded for the relevant periods in accordance with the revenue recognition and expense policies
maintained by each member of the Company Group, as permitted by U.S. GAAP;

(iii) access to assets
is permitted only in accordance with the respective managements authorization; and

(iv)recorded assets are compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals, and appropriate action is taken with respect to any
differences.

(b)All accounts, books and ledgers of each member of the Company Group have been properly and accurately kept and completed in all
material respects, and there are no material inaccuracies or discrepancies of any kind contained or reflected therein.

(c)Since January 1, 2023, no member of the Company Group has received any written or, to the knowledge of the Company, oral allegation,
assertion or claim with respect to accounting, internal accounting controls, auditing practices, procedures, methodologies or methods
of any member of the Company Group, or unlawful accounting or auditing matters with respect to any member of the Company Group.

(d) Since January
1, 2023, no internal investigations with respect to accounting, auditing or revenue recognition have been conducted by any member of
the Company Group.

29

5.13 Absence
of Certain Changes. Since the Balance Sheet Date, except as set forth on Section 5.13 of the Company Disclosure Schedule
or contemplated by the Definitive Agreements, any Additional Agreements or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby, (a) the Company Group has conducted the Business in the ordinary course consistent with past practices; (b) there has
not been any Material Adverse Effect; and (c) the Company Group has not taken any action which would have violated the covenants of
the Company Group set forth in Section 7.1, nor to the knowledge of the Company Group, has any such event which would have
violated the covenants of the Company Group set forth in Section 7.1 occurred.

5.14Properties; Title to the Company Groups Assets

(a) Except as would
not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, the items of Tangible Property have
no defects, are in good operating condition and repair and function in accordance with their intended uses (ordinary wear and tear excepted)
and have been properly maintained, and are suitable for their present uses and meet all specifications and warranty requirements with
respect thereto; and all of the Tangible Property is in the control of the Company or its employees.

(b) The Company
Group has good, valid and marketable title in and to, or in the case of the Leases and the assets which are leased or licensed pursuant
to Contracts, a valid leasehold interest or license in or a right to use, all of their assets reflected on the Financial Statements or
acquired after Balance Sheet Date, other than as would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect. No such asset is subject to any Liens other than Permitted Liens other than as would not reasonably be expected to, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company Groups assets constitute all of the assets of any kind or description
whatsoever, including goodwill, for the Company Group to operate the Business immediately after the Closing in the same manner as the
Business is currently being conducted. No assets (whether real or personal, tangible or intangible, and including any trademark, trade
name, license, domain names, invention, patent, trade secret, trade dress, copyright, software programs, databases, trade secrets and
know-how) used by the Company Group to carry out its business as now conducted are held or sub-licensed by the Company Groups
Affiliates (other than the Company Group) or other related parties.

5.15 Litigation.
Except as set forth on Section 5.15 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (a) there is no Action (or any basis therefore)
pending against, or to the knowledge of the Company Group threatened against or affecting, the Company Group, any of its Key
Personnel (as defined below), the Business, or any Company Ordinary Shares, or any of the Company Groups assets or any
Contract before any court, Authority or official or which in any manner challenges or seeks to prevent, enjoin, alter or delay the
transactions contemplated hereby or by the Definitive Agreements or the Additional Agreements, other than as would not reasonably be
expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (b) there are no outstanding judgments against the
Company Group that would reasonably to be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the
ability of the Company to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement; and (c) each member of the Company Group is
not, and has not been in the past two (2) years, subject to any proceeding with any Authority, other than as would not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. No Authority has commenced or to the knowledge of the
Company Group, threatened to initiate any Action against the Company Group to enjoin the marketing, sale, offer, distribution or
provision of any Service.

30

5.16Contracts

(a)Section 5.16(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and accurate list of all Material Contracts. True,
correct and complete copies of such Material Contracts have been delivered to or made available to Parent or its Representatives. Any
Contract, oral or written to which the Company Group is a party or is bound by falling within the following categories is a Material
Contract:

(i)all Contracts that require annual payments or expenses by, or annual payments or income to, the Company Group of $1,000,000 or
more (other than standard purchase and sale orders entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice);

(ii)all sales, advertising, agency, lobbying, broker, sales promotion, market research, marketing or similar contracts and agreements,
in each case requiring the payment of any commissions by the Company Group in excess of $500,000 annually;

(iii)all employment Contracts, employee leasing Contracts, and consultant and sales representatives Contracts with any current or former
officer, director, employee or consultant of the Company Group or other Person, under which the Company Group (A) has continuing obligations
for payment of annual compensation of at least $250,000 (other than oral arrangements for at-will employment), (B) has material severance
or post termination obligations to such Person, or (C) has an obligation to make a payment upon consummation of the Transactions or as
a result of a change of control of the Company Group;

(iv)all Contracts creating a material joint venture, strategic alliance, limited liability company and partnership agreements to which
the Company Group is a party;

(v)all Contracts relating to any material acquisitions or dispositions of assets by the Company Group in excess of $5,000,000;

(vi)all Contracts for material licensing agreements, including Contracts licensing Intellectual Property Rights, other than (A) shrink
wrap licenses, and (B) non-exclusive licenses granted in the ordinary course of business;

(vii) all
Contracts relating to material secrecy, confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements substantially limiting the freedom of the
Company Group to compete in any line of business or with any Person or in any geographic area;

31

(viii) all Contracts
relating to material patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, brands, copyrights, trade secrets and other material Intellectual
Property Rights of the Company Group;

(ix)all Contracts providing for material guarantees, indemnification arrangements and other hold harmless arrangements made or provided
by the Company Group, including all ongoing agreements for repair, warranty, maintenance, service, indemnification or similar obligations;

(x)all Contracts with or pertaining to the Company Group to which any 10% Company Shareholder is a party;

(xi)all Contracts relating to property or assets (whether real or personal, tangible or intangible) in which the Company Group holds
a leasehold interest (including the Leases) and which involve payments to the lessor thereunder in excess of $100,000 per month;

(xii) all Contracts
relating to outstanding Indebtedness, including financial instruments of indenture or security instruments (typically interest-bearing)
such as notes, mortgages, loans and lines of credit, except any such Contract with an aggregate outstanding principal amount not exceeding
$5,000,000;

(xiii) any
Contract materially prohibiting or restricting in any respect the ability of any Company Group to engage in any business, to solicit
any potential customer, or to operate in any geographical area (including the ability to compete in any line of business or with any
Person or in any geographic area)

(xiv)any Contract relating to the voting or control of the equity interests of the Company Group or the election of directors of the
Company (other than the Organizational Documents of the Company Group);

(xv)any Contract that can be terminated, or the provisions of which are altered, as a result of the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, the Definitive Agreements or any of the Additional Agreements to which the Company Group is a party;

(xvi)any Contract with any Authority, including, without limitation, any Contract relating to a settlement, conciliation or similar
agreement with any Authority pursuant to which any Company Group would have any material outstanding obligation as of the date hereof;

(xvii)any Contract for which any of the benefits, compensation or payments (or the vesting thereof) in excess of $300,000 with respect
to a director, officer, employee or consultant of a member of Company Group will be increased or accelerated by the consummation of the
Transactions contemplated hereby or the amount or value thereof will be calculated on the basis of any of the Transactions contemplated
by this Agreement;

32

(xviii) any Contract granting to any Person (other than the Company or its Subsidiaries) a right of first refusal, first offer or similar
preferential right to purchase or acquire equity interests in the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; and

(xix)any Contract containing covenants that materially limit the ability of any member of the Company Group (A) (1) to compete in any
line of business, with any Person or in any geographic area, (2) to sell or provide any Service or Product, or (3) to solicit any Person,
other than in respect of customary non-disclosure agreements entered into by any member of the Company Group in the ordinary course of
business or (B) to purchase or acquire an Interest in any other Person.

(b)Except as would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect or set forth on
Section 5.16(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (i) each Material Contract is a valid and binding agreement, and neither the
Company Group nor, to the Company Groups knowledge, any other party thereto, is in breach or default (whether with or without the
passage of time or the giving of notice or both) under the terms of any such Material Contract, (ii) the Company Group has not assigned,
delegated, or otherwise transferred any of its rights or obligations with respect to any Material Contracts, or granted any power of attorney
with respect thereto or to any of the Company Groups assets, (iii) the Company Group has not received any written claim or notice
of breach of or default under any Material Contract, (iv) no event has occurred which individually or together with other events, would
reasonably be expected to result in a material breach of or a default under any Material Contract, (v) no party to any Material Contract
that is a customer of or supplier to the Company Group has canceled or terminated its business with, or threatened in writing to cancel
or terminate its business with, any Company Group, and (vi) (A) requires the Company Group to post a bond or deliver any other form of
security or payment to secure its obligations thereunder or (B) imposes any non-competition covenants that may be binding on, or restrict
the Business or require any payments by or with respect to Parent or any of its Affiliates. The Company Group previously provided to the
Purchaser Parties true and correct fully executed copies of each written Material Contract.

(c) None of the
execution, delivery or performance by the Company Group of this Agreement, the Definitive Agreements or Additional Agreements to which
the Company Group is a party or the consummation by the Company Group of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby constitutes
a default under or gives rise to any right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any material obligation of the Company or
to a loss of any material benefit to which the Company Group is entitled under any provision of any Material Contract.

(d) Each member
of the Company Group is in compliance with all covenants, including all financial covenants, in all notes, indentures, bonds and other
instruments or agreements evidencing any Indebtedness in all material respects.

(e) Each of
the material transactions between a member of the Company Group and any shareholder, officer, employee or director of the Company
Group or any Affiliate of any such Person (collectively, the Related Party) (if any) entered into or occurring
prior to the Closing (i) is arms-length transaction with fair market price and does not impair the interests of the Company
Shareholders, or (ii) is transaction duly approved by the board of directors in accordance with the Organizational Documents of such
member of the Company Group (if applicable).

33

5.17Licenses and Permits

(a) Section 5.17
of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains accurate and complete copies of each material license, franchise, permit, registration,
order or approval or other similar authorization affecting, or relating in any way to, the Business, including the Marketing Approvals,
the Regulatory Permits, and the Regulatory Transfer Approvals, if any (the Permits), together with the name of the
Authority issuing the same. Such Permits are valid and in full force and effect, and none of the Permits will be terminated or impaired
or become terminable as a result of the Transactions. The Company Group has all material Permits, governmental licenses, franchises,
authorizations, consents and approvals necessary or required to own and operate its properties, assets and carry on the Business. Except
as would not individually or in the aggregate be material to the Company Group, the Company Group has fulfilled all notification requirements
with the relevant Authorities required for the Business and the operations of the Company Group.

(b)There are no citations, decisions, adjudications or written statements by any Authority or consent decrees or other Orders received
by the Company Group stating that any Service marketed, sold, offered, distributed or provided by the Company Group is defective or unsafe
or fails to meet any standards or requirements promulgated by any such Authority (collectively, Safety Notices).
There have been no material complaints with respect to any Products or Services, and there are no facts that would be reasonably likely
to result in either of the following: (i) a material Safety Notice or a material liability with respect to any Products or Services, or
(ii) a termination or suspension of provision of any Products or Services (for the avoidance of doubt, mere termination or suspension
of the provision of any Service to a particular individual patient alone would not constitute a breach of this Section 5.17(b)(ii)).

5.18Cybersecurity; Compliance with Laws; Regulatory Matters

(a) Except as
would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect or set forth on Section
5.18(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company Group, and each of its directors, and officers and to the knowledge of
the Company Group, each of its employees, agents and other Persons acting on its behalf is, and has been, in compliance with all
applicable Laws and Orders entered by any court, arbitrator or other Authority, domestic or foreign, including but not limited to
the applicable data Privacy Laws, Tax Laws (as to which certain representations and warranties are made pursuant to Section
5.26), PRC Laws, the applicable Laws regarding employment and employment practices, the applicable Environmental Laws and all
applicable regulations promulgated by the relevant Authorities, including but not limited to PRC regulations and associated
Authority guidelines, and is not in violation of, has not violated, and to the Company Groups knowledge, is neither under
investigation with respect to nor has been threatened to be charged with or given notice of any violation or alleged violation of,
any such applicable Laws, PRC Laws or Orders, nor is there any basis for any such charge, and since January 1, 2023 the Company
Group has not received any subpoenas by any Authority. The WFOE has complied with all applicable PRC Laws in connection with foreign
exchange in all material respects. No member of the Company Group has received any oral or written inquiries, notifications, Orders
or any other form of official correspondence from SAFE or any of its local branches with respect to any actual or alleged
non-compliance with SAFE Rules and Regulations, and each member of the Company Group has obtained all certificates, approvals,
Permits, licenses, registration receipts and other similar authorizations which are necessary for such Company Group to conduct
foreign exchange transactions as now being conducted in compliance in all material respects with PRC Laws. All material approvals,
permits, licenses and registrations required under all applicable PRC Laws, Tax Laws, Laws and Orders for the due and proper
establishment and operation of each member of the Company Group have been duly obtained from the relevant Authorities or completed
in accordance with the relevant PRC Laws, Tax Laws, Laws or Orders, and are in full force and effect. The Company Group has all
approvals, permits, licenses and registrations necessary for the conduct of the Business and is in compliance thereof in all
material respects. In respect of the approvals, permits, licenses and registrations requisite for the conduct of any part of the
Business which are subject to periodic renewal, the Company Group has no reason to believe that such requisite renewals will not be
timely granted by the relevant Authorities. The Company Group has been conducting and will conduct its business activities within
the permitted scope of business, and has been operating or will operate its business in full compliance in all material respects
with all relevant legal requirements and with all requisite approvals, permits, licenses and registrations granted by the competent
Authorities. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, all approvals of the Authorities of the PRC that are required to be
obtained or made in respect of, as applicable, each member of the Company Group and the WFOE with respect to its establishment,
capital structure, business and operations as it is now being conducted, including the approvals of the State Administration for
Market Regulation of the PRC (formerly the State Administration for Industry and Commerce), the Ministry of Commerce of the PRC, the
National Development and Reform Commission of the PRC, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the PRC, SAFE, the
Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of the PRC, the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Department of the PRC, the
National Fire and Rescue Administration and the State Administration of Taxation of the PRC, and their respective local
counterparts, if required, have been duly completed in accordance with the applicable Laws of the PRC, except for any such approvals
the absence of which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company Group.

34

(b) In
connection with its collection, storage, use, Processing and/or disclosure of any information that constitutes personal
information, personal data or personally identifiable information as defined in applicable Laws
(collectively Personal Information) by or on behalf of any member of the Company Group, each member of the
Company Group is and has been in compliance in all material respects with (i) all applicable Laws in effect as of the Signing Date
(including, without limitation, Laws relating to privacy, personal data protection, use of data, data security, telephone and text
message communications, and marketing by email or other channels) in all relevant jurisdictions, (ii) the Company Groups
privacy policies and public written statements regarding the Company Groups privacy or data security practices, and (iii) the
requirements of any contract codes of conduct or industry standards by which any member of the Company Group is bound. The Company
Group maintains and has implemented and maintained reasonable physical, technical, organizational and administrative security
measures, procedures and policies or otherwise intended or designed to protect all Personal Information and other data owned,
stored, used, Processed, maintained or controlled by or on behalf of the Company Group from and against unlawful, accidental or
unauthorized access, destruction, loss, use, modification and/or disclosure. Each member of the Company Group is and has (i)
undertaken and resolved or is in the process of resolving in good faith, any material issues identified by any surveys, audits, or
assessments (including any risk assessments and risk analyses) of all areas of its business and operations, in each case, required
in accordance with applicable Privacy Laws, (ii) made all material disclosures to, and obtained all appropriate and material
consents, approvals or authorizations from customers, employees, directors, officers, consultants, contractors and other applicable
Persons as required under applicable Privacy Laws to Process such Personal Information lawfully and in accordance with applicable
Privacy Laws, (iii) been in compliance in all material respects with all Laws relating to data loss, theft and breach of security
notification obligations and (iv) filed all material registrations required under applicable Privacy Laws with the applicable data
protection Authority, in each case to the extent required under applicable Privacy Laws. To the knowledge of the Company Group,
there has been no occurrence of (x) unlawful, accidental or unauthorized destruction, loss, use, processing, modification or
disclosure of or access to Personal Information owned, stored, used, processed, maintained or controlled by or on behalf of any
member of the Company Group which require or required any member of the Company Group to notify Authorities, affected individuals or
other parties of such occurrence (y) unauthorized access to or disclosure of the Company Groups confidential information or
trade secrets or (z) data security incidents, data breaches, ransomware incidents, or other adverse events or incidents related to
any IT Assets, Personal Information, or Company data in the custody or control of any member of the Company Group or any Service
Provider Processing Personal Information on behalf of the Company or the Companys Subsidiaries. No Actions are pending or, to
the knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing against any member of the Company Group relating to the collection, use,
dissemination, storage and protection of Personal Information. No member of the Company Group has (i) been subject to any actual or
threatened investigation, notice, or request from any Authority in relation to its Processing of data, data protection, privacy, or
cybersecurity activities, (ii) received any actual or threatened claim, written communication, enquiry, notification of, warning or
complaint from any individual or Authority (including the CAC) alleging any violation or breach of applicable Privacy Laws or
security requirement (including, without limitation, the CSRC Archive Rules), (iii) been involved in any investigation on
cybersecurity review initiated by the CAC, the CSRC or any other Authority or received any written notice from any Authority against
any member of the Company Group or their respective directors, officers, and employees or (iv) received any written objection to the
transactions contemplated under this Agreement or the Definitive Agreements from the CSRC, the CAC or any relevant data protection,
privacy or security Authority. The Processing of Personal Information by any member of the Company Group is carried out in
accordance with applicable Privacy Laws, and where applicable, with appropriate safeguards for any transfer of such Personal
Information, in all material respects.

35

(c) The Company
Group has filed, maintained, submitted or furnished all reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions
and supplements or amendments as required by applicable Laws or Orders for the Business and operation of the Company Group, including
the Regulatory Documentation (the Company Filing Documents), and all such Company Filing Documents were complete
and accurate on the date filed in all material respects (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission). Neither the Company
Group, nor any of its officers, directors or employees are included on the list of excluded individuals/entities maintained by the Authorities
in the jurisdictions in which the Company Group operates.

(d)Neither the Company Group, nor, to the best knowledge of the Company, any of its officers, directors or employees are included
on the list of excluded individuals/entities maintained by the Authorities in the jurisdictions in which the Company Group operates.

(e) All arrangements
involving the offer, sale, or issuance of an equity interest in the Company or any of its Subsidiaries by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries
or their respective representatives to any provider or organization are, and have been, memorialized in writing, at fair market value,
comparable in terms to arrangements with Persons who are not professionals, organizations, or other providers, and in compliance with
applicable Laws or Orders.

(f)None of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, has received notice from any Authority that (i) any material Permits or the
renewal thereof with respect to the Business, Products and Services will not or is likely not to be issued, or (ii) asserting in writing
that any Company Filing Documents provided to such Authority contains material deficiencies or will not be accepted based on data integrity
or other compliance concerns.

(g) Except as set
forth in Section 5.18(g) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, each holder or beneficial owner of equity security of any member
of the Company Group has duly complied in all material respects with PRC Laws for holding equity security of the member of the Company
Group. No member of the Company Group has received any oral or written inquiries, notifications, Orders or any other form of official
correspondence from SAFE or any of its local branches with respect to any actual or alleged non-compliance with SAFE Rules and Regulations,
and each member of the Company Group has obtained all certificates, approvals, Permits, licenses, registration receipts and other similar
authorizations which are necessary for such member of the Company Group to conduct foreign exchange transactions as now being conducted
in compliance in all material respects with PRC Laws.

(h) Each
holder or beneficial owner of any equity securities of any member of the Company Group who is a PRC resident and subject to any of
the registration or reporting requirements of the SAFE Rules and Regulations has complied with such reporting or registration
requirements under the SAFE Rules and Regulations with respect to its investment in such member of the Company Group, except as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company Group. None of the Company Group or any
of their respective directors or officers, nor any holder or beneficial owner of any equity securities of any of the Company Group,
has received any inquiry, notification, warning or any other similar form of official correspondence from SAFE or any of its local
branches with respect to any actual or alleged non-compliance with the SAFE Rules and Regulations.

36

(i) The Company
Group has completed the cybersecurity review filing for overseas listing with the CAC with respect to the Transaction, and such filing
is valid and effective and has not been revoked by the CAC.

5.19Intellectual Property

(a) Section
5.19(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true, correct and complete list of all material Intellectual Property
Rights owned (or partially owned) by the Company Group, specifying as to each, as applicable: (i) the nature of such Intellectual
Property Right; (ii) the owner of such Intellectual Property Right; (iii) the jurisdictions by or in which such Intellectual
Property Right has been issued or registered or in which an application for such issuance or registration has been filed; and (iv)
exclusive licenses pursuant to which any Person is authorized to use such Intellectual Property Rights.

(b) Section 5.19(b)
of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true, correct and complete list of the material Intellectual Property Rights licensed
by a third party to any member of the Company Group (the Licensed Intellectual Property Rights), specifying: (i)
the nature of such Intellectual Property Right; (ii) the owner(s) of such Intellectual Property Rights; and (iii) the jurisdictions by
or in which such Intellectual Property Rights have been issued or registered. The Licensed Intellectual Property Rights constitute all
of the Intellectual Property Rights used in the conduct of the Business or the operation of the Company Group.

(c) Members of the Company Group
own, free and clear of all Liens, or have the valid right or license to use, all intellectual property that is required or used in
its Business as currently conducted or as proposed to be conducted, together with all Intellectual Property Rights in or to all of
the foregoing, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Except as disclosed in the Company Disclosure Schedule, to the knowledge of the Company Group, the Licensed Intellectual Property
Rights is not subject to any Contract or other obligation as a result of any funding or support from, or any arrangement with, any
Authority or agency or nonprofit organization. Except as disclosed in the Company Disclosure Schedule, to the knowledge of the
Company Group, the Licensed Intellectual Property Rights is not the subject of any current opposition, cancellation, or similar
proceeding before any Authority. Except as disclosed in the Company Disclosure Schedule, to the knowledge of the Company Group, the
Company Group is not subject to (i) any injunction or other specific judicial, administrative, or other Order that restricts or
impairs its use of any Licensed Intellectual Property Right, or (ii) any current proceeding that the Company reasonably expects
would adversely affect the use by the Company Group of any Licensed Intellectual Property Right.

37

(d) Except as disclosed in the Company
Disclosure Schedule, within the past two (2) years the Company Group has not been sued or charged in writing with or been a defendant
in any Action that involves a claim of infringement of any Intellectual Property Rights, and the Company Group has no knowledge of any
other claim of infringement by the Company Group, and no knowledge of any continuing infringement by any other Person of any Intellectual
Property Rights of the Company Group.

(e) To the knowledge of the Company
Group, the current use by the Company Group of the Intellectual Property Rights does not infringe, and will not infringe, the rights
of any other Person in any material respect and does not violate, and will not violate, any applicable laws or regulations in any material
respect.

(f)To the knowledge of the Company Group, any and all material content and format of content, writings, photographs, drawings, artwork,
software, and any underlying materials thereof, and any other literary and artistic works owned by the Company Group are created, developed
and/or produced in accordance with all applicable Laws with respect to the creation, development and/or production of such intellectual
properties.

(g) All employees,
agents, consultants or contractors who have contributed to or participated in the creation or development of any material copyrights,
patents, trade secrets, content and format of content, writings, photographs, drawings, artwork, music (including any musical compositions
and master recordings thereof), games, software, audio-visual works, and any underlying materials thereof, and any other literary and
artistic works on behalf of the Company Group or any predecessor in interest thereto either: (i) is a party to a work-for-hire
agreement under which the Company Group is deemed to be the original owner/author of all property rights therein; or (ii) has executed
an assignment or an agreement to assign in favor of the Company Group (or such predecessor in interest, as applicable) all right, title
and interest in such material.

(h)To the knowledge of the Company Group, no current or former employee, agent, consultant or contractor who have contributed to or
participated in the creation or development of any material copyrights, patents, trade secrets, content and format of content, writings,
photographs, drawings, artwork, software and any underlying materials thereof, and any other literary and artistic works on behalf of
the Company Group or any predecessor in interest thereto either is subject to any arrangement which may cause any rights in or to such
intellectual properties to be retained by such current or former employee, agent, consultant or contractor, or to be assigned, transferred,
granted or licensed to, or otherwise vested in any other Person.

38

(i) None of the execution, delivery
or performance by the Company Group of this Agreement, the Definitive Agreements or any of the Additional Agreements to which the Company
Group is a party or the consummation by the Company Group of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby will cause any material
item of Intellectual Property Rights owned, licensed, used or held for use by the Company Group immediately prior to the Closing to not
be owned, licensed or available for use by the Company Group on substantially the same terms and conditions immediately following the
Closing in any material respect.

(j) The Company Group has taken reasonable
measures to safeguard and maintain the confidentiality and value of all trade secrets and other items of Intellectual Property Rights
that are confidential and all other confidential information, data and materials licensed by the Company Group or otherwise used in the
operation of the Business.

5.20Customers and Suppliers

(a) Section 5.20(a)
of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of the Company Groups five (5) largest customers (the Top Customers)
and the five (5) largest suppliers (the Top Suppliers) as measured by the dollar amount of purchases therefrom or
thereby, for the Companys 2023 and 2024 fiscal years, showing the approximate total sales by the Company Group to each such customer
and the approximate total purchases by the Company Group from each such supplier, during each such period.

(b) Except as
set forth on Section 5.20(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, to the actual knowledge of the Company Group, no supplier listed
on Section 5.20(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule has (i) terminated its relationship with the Company Group, (ii) materially
reduced its business with the Company Group or materially and adversely modified its relationship with the Company Group, (iii) notified
the Company Group in writing of its intention to take any such action, or (iv) to the knowledge of the Company Group, become insolvent
or subject to bankruptcy proceedings.

5.21Accounts Receivable and Payable; Loans

(a) To the Company
Groups knowledge, all accounts receivables and notes of the Company Group reflected on the Financial Statements, and all accounts
receivable and notes arising subsequent to the date thereof, represent valid obligations arising from services actually performed or
goods actually sold by the Company Group in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice. To the Company Groups
knowledge, the accounts payable of the Company Group reflected on the Financial Statements, and all accounts payable arising subsequent
to the date thereof, arose from bona fide transactions in the ordinary course consistent with past practice.

(b) To the
Company Groups knowledge, there is no contest, claim, or right of setoff in any agreement with any maker of an account
receivable or note relating to the amount or validity of such account, receivables or note that could reasonably result in a
Material Adverse Effect. To the Company Groups knowledge, except as set forth on Section 5.21(b) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, all accounts, receivables or notes are good and collectible in the ordinary course of business.

39

(c) The information
set forth on Section 5.21(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule separately identifies any and all accounts receivables or notes
of the Company Group which are owed by any Affiliate of the Company Group as of January 1, 2021. Except as set forth on Section 5.21(c)
of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company Group is not indebted to any of its Affiliates and no Affiliates are indebted to
the Company Group.

5.22Pre-payments. The Company Group has not received any payments with respect to any services to be rendered or goods to be
provided after the Closing except in the ordinary course of business.

5.23Employees

(a) Section 5.23(a)
of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true, correct and complete list of each those employees designated by the Company
Group as Key Personnel of the Company Group (the Key Personnel), setting forth the name, title for each such person.

(b)Except as set forth on Section 5.23(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company Group is not a party to or subject
to any collective bargaining agreement, non-competition agreement restricting the activities of the Company Group, or any similar agreement,
and there has been no activity or proceeding by a labor union or representative thereof to organize any employees of the Company Group.

(c) There are no
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company Group, threatened claims or proceedings against the Company Group under any workers
compensation policy or long-term disability policy.

5.24Employment Matters.

(a) Section 5.24(a)
of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and complete list of (i) the form of employment agreement, non-competition,
assignment of inventions, intellectual right agreement and if applicable, commission agreement (the Labor Agreements),
and (ii) each employee group or executive medical, life, or disability insurance plan, and each incentive, bonus, profit sharing, retirement,
deferred compensation, equity, phantom stock, stock option, stock purchase, stock appreciation right or severance plan of the Company
Group now in effect or under which the Company Group has any obligation, or any understanding between the Company Group and any employee
concerning the terms of such employees employment that does not apply to the Company Groups employees generally. The Company
Group has previously delivered to the Purchaser Parties true and complete copies of such forms of the Labor Agreements and each generally
applicable employee handbook or policy statement of the Company Group.

40

(b) Except as disclosed on Section 5.24(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule:

(i)to the knowledge of the Company Group, (1) no current employee of the Company Group, in the ordinary course of his or her duties,
has breached any obligation to a former employer in respect of any covenant against competition or soliciting clients or employees or
servicing clients or confidentiality or any proprietary right of such former employer, except as would not reasonably be expected to,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; and (2) no Key Personnel, in the ordinary course of his or her duties,
has breached in any material aspect any obligation to any person in respect of any covenant against competition or soliciting clients
or employees or servicing clients or confidentiality or any proprietary right of such person;

(ii) the Company
Group does not have any material labor relations disputes, and there is no pending representation question or union organizing activity
respecting employees of the Company Group;

(iii)there have been no Actions pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or involving the Company Group by or
on behalf of or involving any of their respective Service Providers;

(iv)each employee and other Service Provider of the Company Group has been paid (and as of the Closing will have been paid) all wages,
bonuses, compensation and other sums owed and due to such individual as of such date.

5.25Real Property

(a) Section 5.25(a)
of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true, correct and complete list of the Real Property Company owns. The Company has
good and valid title to the Real Property described in Section 5.25(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, free and
clear of all Liens (except for the Permitted Liens).

(b) With
respect to each Lease: (i) each Lease is valid, binding and in full force and effect; (ii) all rents and additional rents and other sums,
expenses and charges due thereunder have been paid; (iii) the lessee has been in peaceable possession since the commencement of the original
term thereof; (iv) no waiver, indulgence or postponement of the lessees obligations thereunder has been granted by the lessor;
(v) there exist no default or event of default thereunder by the Company Group; and (vi) there are no outstanding claims of breach or
indemnification or notice of default or termination thereunder, in cases of each of clauses (i) through (vi), other than as would not
reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company Group holds the leasehold estate
on the Lease free and clear of all Liens, except for the Permitted Liens and the Liens of mortgagees of the Real Property in which such
leasehold estate is located.

5.26 Tax Matters.
Except in each case as to matters that would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse
effect:

(a) The Company
Group has filed all Tax Returns required by applicable Law to be filed by the Company Group; all Taxes (whether or not shown on any Tax
Returns) due and owing by the Company Group have been paid, other than Taxes being contested in good faith and for which adequate reserves
have been established in accordance with IFRS; and all such Tax Returns were true, complete and correct in all respects.

41

(b)There is no proceeding, audit or claim now in progress against the Company Group in respect of any Tax, nor has any proceeding
for additional Tax been asserted in writing by any Tax authority that has not been resolved or settled in full.

(c)No written claim has been made by any Tax authority in a jurisdiction where the Company Group has not filed a Tax Return that it
is or may be subject to Tax by such jurisdiction.

(d)The Company Group is not a party to any Tax sharing agreement, Tax indemnification agreement, Tax allocation agreement or similar
agreement (other than Contracts entered into in the ordinary course and not relating primarily to Taxes).

(e)The Company Group has withheld and paid all Taxes required to be withheld in connection with any amounts paid or owing to any employee,
creditor, independent contractor or other third party.

(f)The Company Group does not have an outstanding request for any extension of time within which to pay any Taxes or file any Tax
Returns (other than extensions requested in the ordinary course), and there has been no waiver or extension of any applicable statute
of limitations for the assessment or collection of any Taxes of the Company Group that will remain outstanding as of the Closing Date.

(g)No member of the Company Group has distributed the stock of another Person, or had its stock distributed by another Person, in
a transaction that was purported or intended to be governed in whole or in part by Section 355 or Section 361 of the Code.

(h)There are no Liens for Taxes upon any assets of the Company Group other than Permitted Liens.

(i)No member of the Company Group has been a party to or bound by any closing agreement, private letter rulings, technical advice
memoranda, offer in compromise or similar agreement with any Tax authority in respect of which the Company Group could have any Tax Liability
after the Closing. No member of the Company Group has any request for a ruling in respect of Taxes pending between any member of the Company
Group and any Tax authority.

(j) No
member of the Company Group (i) has been a member of an affiliated group filing a consolidated U.S. federal income Tax Return (other
than a group the common parent of which was the Company) or other comparable group for state, local or foreign Tax purposes or (ii)
has Liability for the Taxes of any Person (other than the Company Group) under Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar
provision of state, local, or non-U.S. Law), as a transferee or successor, by Contract (other than Contracts entered into in the
ordinary course and not relating primarily to Taxes), or otherwise by Law.

42

(k)The Company group has not participated in a listed transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Treasury Regulations
Section 1.6011-4(b).

(l)No member of the Company Group will be required to include any item of income in, or exclude any item of deduction from, taxable
income for any Tax period (or portion thereof) ending after the Closing as a result of (i) any use of an improper or change in method
of accounting for any Tax period on or before the Closing, (ii) any closing agreement as described in Section 7121 of the
Code (or any comparable or similar provisions of applicable Law) executed on or before the Closing, (iii) any installment sale or open
transaction disposition made on or before the Closing, (iv) any deferred intercompany gain or any excess loss account described in Treasury
Regulations under Section 1502 of the Code (or any predecessor provision or any similar provision of state, local or non-U.S. Law) arising
on or before the Closing; (v) prepaid amount received or deferred revenue accrued on or after January 1, 2019 and prior to the Closing
outside the ordinary course, (vi) an election under Section 108(i) of the Code made on or before the Closing, (vii) any member of the
Company Group that is a controlled foreign corporation (within the meaning of Section 957(a) of the Code) having subpart
F income (within the meaning of Section 952(a) of the Code) accrued on or before the Closing, (viii) global intangible low-taxed
income of the Company Group within the meaning of Section 951A of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local or non-U.S.
Law) attributable to any taxable period (or portion thereof) on or before the Closing or (ix) election made pursuant to Section 965(h)
of the Code.

(m)The unpaid Taxes of the Company Group for the current fiscal year (i) did not, as of the most recent fiscal month end, exceed the
reserve for Tax liability (other than any reserve for deferred Taxes established to reflect timing differences between book and Tax income)
set forth on the Financial Statements and (ii) will not exceed that reserve as adjusted for the passage of time through the Closing Date
in accordance with the past custom and practice of the Company Group in filing its Tax Return.

(n)To the knowledge of the Company, no stock transfer Tax, sales Tax, use Tax, real estate transfer Tax or other similar Tax will
be imposed on the transfer of the securities to the Parent pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise with respect to or as a result of any
transaction contemplated by this Agreement, except for the uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC
resident enterprises by their non-PRC holding companies.

5.27Environmental Laws

(a) The
Company Group has not (i) received any written notice of any alleged claim, violation of or Liability under any Environmental Law
which has not heretofore been cured or for which there is any remaining liability; (ii) manufactured, treated, generated, disposed
of, emitted, discharged, handled, stored, transported, used or released any Hazardous Materials, arranged for or permitted the
disposal, discharge, storage or release of any Hazardous Materials, or exposed any employee or other individual to any Hazardous
Materials so as to give rise to any Liability or corrective or remedial obligation under any Environmental Laws; or (iii) entered
into any agreement that may require it to guarantee, reimburse, pledge, defend, hold harmless or indemnify any other Person with
respect to liabilities arising out of Environmental Laws or the Hazardous Materials Activities of the Company Group, except in each
case as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

43

(b)To the knowledge of the Company Group, there are no Hazardous Materials in, on, or under any properties or facilities owned, operated,
leased or used at any time by The Company Group such as could give rise to any material liability or corrective or remedial obligation
of the Company Group under any Environmental Laws.

5.28Finders Fees. Except as disclosed on Section 5.28 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, with respect to the Transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the Definitive Agreements, there is no investment banker, broker, finder or other intermediary which
has been retained by or is authorized to act on behalf of the Company Group or any of Affiliates who might be entitled to any fee or commission
from the Parent, the Purchaser or any of their Affiliates (including the Company Group following the Closing) upon consummation of the
Transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Definitive Agreements.

5.29Powers of Attorney and Suretyships. Except as disclosed on Section 5.29 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no member
of the Company Group has any general or special powers of attorney outstanding (whether as grantor or grantee thereof) outside the Company
Group or any obligation or liability (whether actual, accrued, accruing, contingent, or otherwise) as guarantor, surety, co-signer, endorser,
co-maker, indemnitor or otherwise in respect of the obligation of any Person outside the Company Group or other than as reflected in the
Financial Statements.

5.30Directors and Officers. Section 5.30 of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true, correct and complete list
of all directors and officers of the Company.

5.31 Certain
Business Practices. Neither the Company Group, nor any of its director, officer, representatives, agent, employee or other
Persons acting on behalf of the Company Group (in their capacities as such) has (a) used any funds for unlawful contributions,
gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity, (b) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic
Government Officials or employees, to foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns or violated any provision of the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, or offered, promised, given or authorized the giving of money or anything else of value, whether
directly or through another Person, to (i) any Government Official or (ii) any other Person with the knowledge that all or any
portion of the money or thing of value will be offered or given to a Government Official, in each of the foregoing clauses (i) and
(ii) for the purpose of influencing any action or decision of the Government Official in his or her official capacity, including a
decision to fail to perform his or her official duties, inducing the Government Official to use his or her influence with any
Authority to affect or influence any official act, or otherwise obtaining an improper advantage, (c) made any other unlawful payment
or made or authorized any other person to make any payments or transfers of value which have the purpose or effect of commercial
bribery, or acceptance or acquiescence in kickbacks or other unlawful or improper means of obtaining or retaining business, or (d)
otherwise violated any Anti-Corruption Laws. Neither the Company Group, nor any director, officer, agent or employee of the Company
Group (nor any Person acting on behalf of any of the foregoing, but solely in his or her capacity as a director, officer, employee
or agent of the Company Group) has, since September 2015, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give any gift or similar
benefit in any material amount to any customer, supplier, governmental employee or other Person who is or may be in a position to
help or hinder the Company Group or assist the Company Group in connection with any actual or proposed transaction, in each case,
which, if not given could reasonably be expected to have had a Material Adverse Effect on the Company Group, or which, if not
continued in the future, could reasonably be expected to adversely affect the business or prospects of the Company Group that could
reasonably be expected to subject the Company Group to suit or penalty in any private or governmental litigation or proceeding.

44

5.32Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company Group are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
laundering statutes in all applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations
or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental Authority (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action involving the Company Group with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company Group,
threatened.

5.33Not an Investment Company. The Company is not an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

5.34Related Party Transaction.

(a) Except
for employment relationships, agreements relating to the purchase of the Companys equity securities and/or the payment of
cash or equity compensation, benefits and expense reimbursements and advances in the ordinary course of business and as disclosed on Section
5.34 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no director or executive officer (or equivalent thereof) of the Company Group has or
has had directly or indirectly: (i) an economic interest in any Top Customer or Top Supplier, or (ii) any contractual arrangement
with the Company Group, other than indemnity arrangements or directors and officers liability insurance coverage
(each, a Related Party Transaction); provided, however, that for clarity, no disclosure shall be required under
this Section 5.34 with respect to any matter set forth in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) involving any portfolio company
of any venture capital, private equity, angel or strategic investor in the Company (except to the extent such disclosure would be
required pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act.) The Company Group have not, since January 1,
2023, (x) extended or maintained credit, arranged for the extension of credit or renewed an extension of credit in the form of a
personal loan to or for any director or executive officer (or equivalent thereof) of the Company Group, or (y) materially modified
any term of any such extension or maintenance of credit. To the knowledge of the Company Group, there are no contracts or legally
binding arrangements between the Company Group, on the one hand, and any family member of any director or executive officer (or
equivalent thereof) of the Company Group, on the other hand.

45

(b)Except for Contracts with any Service Providers (including employee offer letters), there are no contracts, side letters, legally
binding arrangements or legally binding understandings between the Company Group, on the one hand, and any other person holding capital
of the Company, on the other hand, which grant or purport to grant any board observer or governance rights.

5.35Product Quality; Warranty. Except as disclosed on Section 5.35 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, all Products designed,
manufactured, distributed, marketed, serviced, sold, leased or delivered by each of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is and has
been designed, manufactured, distributed, marketed, serviced, sold, leased or delivered in conformity, in all material respects, with
all applicable specifications and contractual commitments and all express and implied warranties, and none of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries has any Liability in connection therewith in excess of any amounts reserved for warranty claims. During the two-year period
ending on the Signing Date, none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any warranty claims, contractual terminations,
or requests for settlement or refund that have resulted in any Company or any of its Subsidiaries paying (or having agreed to pay) amounts
due to the failure of the Products to meet their specifications or to comply with applicable Law (including export control regulations),
except in each case as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.36Other Information. Neither this Agreement nor any of the documents or other information made available to the Purchaser
Parties or their Affiliates, attorneys, accountants, agents or other Representatives pursuant hereto or in connection with Purchaser Parties
due diligence review of the business, assets, capitalization and other matters of the Company Group or the Transactions (including the
information supplied or to be supplied by the any Company Group expressly for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the filings with
the SEC and mailings to Parents shareholders with respect to the solicitation of proxies to approve the transactions contemplated
hereby) contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements contained therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made not misleading. The Company Group
has provided the Purchaser Parties with all requested and all material information regarding the operation and the business conducted
by the Company Group.

46

ARTICLE
VI

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER PARTIES

Each of the Purchaser
Parties hereby represents and warrants to the Company Group that, except as disclosed in the Parent SEC Documents, each of the
following representations and warranties is true, correct and complete as of the Signing Date and as of the Closing Date (or, if
such representations and warranties are made with respect to a certain date, as of such date). The parties hereto agree that any
reference to numbered and lettered paragraphs and sub-paragraphs of this ARTICLE VI to which the
particular schedule relates is for the sake of convenience only. However, each such disclosure (whether directly or by reference to
any document or other source) shall be taken as referring to each and every paragraph of ARTICLE VI to which it can reasonably be
expected to relate, and not only to the numbered and lettered paragraphs and sub-paragraphs to which it has been specified as
relating to. For the avoidance of doubt, unless the context otherwise required, the below representations and warranties relate to
the Parent on a consolidated basis with its Subsidiaries (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding the Company Group). 

6.1Corporate Existence and Power. Each of the Purchaser Parties is a business company duly incorporated, validly existing and
in good standing under the Laws of the British Virgin Islands. Each of the Purchaser Parties has all requisite power and authority, corporate
and otherwise, and has all governmental licenses, franchises, Permits, authorizations, consents and approvals required to own, lease and
operate its properties and assets and to carry on its business as presently conducted and as proposed to be conducted. None of the Purchaser
Parties is in violation of any provisions of its Organizational Documents.

6.2Corporate Authorization. Each of the Purchaser Parties has all the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver
this Agreement, the Definitive Agreements and each Additional Agreement to which it is a party and to perform all its obligations hereunder
and thereunder and to consummate the Reincorporation Merger, the Acquisition Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Purchaser Parties of this Agreement, the Definitive Agreements and the Additional Agreements
(to which such Purchaser Party is a party) and the consummation by the Purchaser Parties of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
are within the corporate powers of the Purchaser Parties and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of
Purchaser Parties to the extent required by their respective Organizational Documents, applicable Laws or any contract to which it is
a party or by which its securities are bound other than (a) the Required Parent Shareholder Approval (as defined in Section 10.1(f))
and (b) the authorization and approval of this Agreement, the Definitive Agreements the Additional Agreements (to which it is a party)
and the transactions contemplated hereby by way of a written resolution of the sole shareholder of the Purchaser and the Merger Sub. This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Purchaser Parties and it constitutes, and upon their execution and delivery, the
Definitive Agreements and the Additional Agreements (to which such Purchaser Party is a party) will constitute, a valid and legal agreement
of each such Purchaser Party, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar
Laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity.

47

6.3Governmental Authorization. Other than as required under applicable Laws, neither the execution, delivery nor performance
by the Purchaser Parties of this Agreement, the Definitive Agreements or any Additional Agreements (to which any of them is a party to)
requires any consent, approval, license or other action by or in respect of, or registration, declaration or filing with any Authority
other than applicable filings with the SEC and the Registrar to consummate the Reincorporation Merger and the Acquisition Merger.

6.4 Non-Contravention.
Assuming that the Required Parent Shareholder Approval and the shareholder authorization and approval of the Purchaser and the Merger
Sub referred to in Section 6.2 have been obtained, the execution, delivery and performance by the Purchaser Parties of this Agreement,
the Definitive Agreements or any Additional Agreements (to which any of them is a party to) do not and will not (a) contravene or conflict
with the Organizational Documents of any Purchaser Party, or (b) contravene or conflict with or constitute a violation of any provision
of any Law, judgment, injunction, order, writ, or decree binding upon the Purchaser Parties, except, in each case of clauses (a) and
(b), for any contravention or conflicts that would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Purchaser Parties.

6.5Finders Fees. Except as disclosed, there is no investment banker, broker, finder or other intermediary which has
been retained by or is authorized to act on behalf of Parent, Purchaser or their Affiliates who might be entitled to any fee or commission
from the Company, or any of its Affiliates upon consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Definitive Agreements
or any of the Additional Agreements. 

6.6Issuance of Shares. The Closing Payment Shares, when issued in accordance with this Agreement, will be duly authorized and
validly issued, and will be fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of any Liens and not subject to or issued in violation of any
right of any third party pursuant to any contract to which the Purchaser Parties are bound, applicable Law or the Purchaser Parties
Organizational Documents.

6.7Capitalization

(a)As of the date hereof, the Parent is authorized to issue a maximum of 111,000,000 shares with no par value, divided into three
classes of shares, namely: (i) 100,000,000 Parent Class A Ordinary Shares, (ii) 10,000,000 Parent Class B Ordinary Shares, and (iii) 1,000,000
preferred shares with no par value, of which 6,555,000 Parent Class A Ordinary Shares and 1,500,000 Parent Class B Ordinary Shares are
issued and outstanding as of the date hereof. 628,500 Parent Ordinary Shares are reserved for issuance with respect to the Parent Rights.
No other shares or other voting securities of Parent are issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding. All issued and outstanding Parent
Ordinary Shares are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and not subject to or issued in violation of any purchase
option, right of first refusal, preemptive right, subscription right or any similar right under any provision of British Virgin Islands
Law, the Parents Organizational Documents or any contract to which Parent is a party or by which Parent is bound. Except as set
forth in the Parents Organizational Documents, there are no outstanding contractual obligations of Parent to repurchase, redeem
or otherwise acquire any Parent Ordinary Shares or any capital equity of Parent. There are no outstanding contractual obligations of Parent
to provide funds to, or make any investment (in the form of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in, any other Person.

48

(b) All
issued and outstanding Purchaser Ordinary Shares are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and not subject
to or issued in violation of any purchase option, right of first refusal, preemptive right, subscription right or any similar right
under any provision of the BVI Act, the Purchasers Organizational Documents or any contract to which Purchaser is a party or
by which Purchaser is bound. Except as set forth in the Purchasers Organizational Documents, there are no outstanding
contractual obligations of Purchaser to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any Purchaser Ordinary Shares or any capital equity
of Purchaser. There are no outstanding contractual obligations of Purchaser to provide funds to, or make any investment (in the form
of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in, any other Person.

6.8Information Supplied. None of the information supplied or to be supplied by the any Purchaser Party expressly for inclusion
or incorporation by reference in the filings with the SEC and mailings to Parents shareholders with respect to the solicitation
of proxies to approve the transactions contemplated hereby will, at the date of filing and/ or mailing, as the case may be, contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading (subject to the qualifications and limitations
set forth in the materials provided by Parent or that is included in the Parent SEC Documents). No material information provided by any
Purchaser Party to the Company in connection with the negotiation or execution of this Agreement or any agreement contemplated hereby
(including but not limited to the Parent public filings, as of the respective dates of their submission to the SEC), contained or contains
(as applicable) any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.

6.9 Trust
Fund. As of the Signing Date, the Parent has at least $60,000,000 in the trust fund established by the Parent for the benefit of
its public shareholders (the Trust Fund) in a United States-based account located in the United States
maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC (the Trustee) acting as trustee (the
Trust Account), and such monies are invested in government securities (as such term is defined in
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended) and held in trust by the Trustee pursuant to the Investment Management Trust
Agreement. There are no separate agreements, side letters or other agreements or understandings (whether written, unwritten, express
or implied) that would cause the description of the Investment Management Trust Agreement in the Parent SEC Documents to be
inaccurate in any material respect or, to the Purchaser Parties knowledge, that would entitle any Person (other than the
public shareholders holding Parent Class A Ordinary Shares sold in the Parents IPO who shall have elected to redeem their
Parent Class A Ordinary Shares pursuant to the Parents Organizational Documents) to any portion of the funds in the Trust
Account, except as otherwise disclosed. Prior to the Closing, none of the funds held in the Trust Account are permitted to be
released, except in the circumstances described in the Organizational Documents of the Parent and the Investment Management Trust
Agreement. The Parent has performed all material obligations required to be performed by it to date under, and is not in material
default or delinquent in performance or any other respect (claimed or actual) in connection with the Investment Management Trust
Agreement, and, to the knowledge of the Parent, no event has occurred which, with due notice or lapse of time or both, would
constitute such a material default thereunder. As of the Signing Date, there are no claims or proceedings pending with respect to
the Trust Account, except as disclosed in the Parent SEC Documents. Since the consummation of the Parents IPO, the Parent has
not released any money from the Trust Account (other than as permitted by the Investment Management Trust Agreement and the
Prospectus). Except as otherwise disclosed, upon the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the Parent shall have no
further obligation under either the Investment Management Trust Agreement or the Organizational Documents of the Parent to liquidate
or distribute any assets held in the Trust Account, and the Investment Management Trust Agreement shall terminate in accordance with
its terms. 

49

6.10Listing. As of the date hereof, the Parent Units, Parent Class A Ordinary Shares and Parent Rights are listed on the Nasdaq
Capital Market, with trading symbols ASPCU, ASPC, and ASPCR, respectively. From the Signing
Date through the Closing, Parent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the Parent remains listed as a public company on
Nasdaq.

6.11Reporting Company. The Parent is a publicly-held company subject to reporting obligations
pursuant to Section 13 of the Exchange Act, and the Parent Ordinary Shares are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.

6.12No Market Manipulation. Neither the Purchaser Parties nor its Affiliates have taken, and will not take, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to, or that might reasonably be expected to, cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of the
Parent Ordinary Shares to facilitate the sale or resale of the Parent Ordinary Shares or affect the price at which the Parent Ordinary
Shares may be issued or resold; provided, however, that this provision shall not prevent the Parent from engaging in investor relations
or public relations activities consistent with past practice.

6.13Board Approval. Each of the Parents board of directors (including any required committee or subgroup of such boards),
the sole director of the Purchaser and the sole director of the Merger Sub have, as of the of the signing of the Acquisition Agreements,
unanimously (a) declared the advisability of the transactions contemplated by the Definitive Agreements, (b) determined that the transactions
contemplated hereby are in the best interests of the shareholders of the Purchaser Parties, as applicable, and (c) solely with respect
to the Parents board of directors, determined that the transactions contemplated hereby constitutes a Business Combination
as such term is defined in Parents Organizational Documents.

6.14Parent SEC Documents and Financial Statements

(a) The
Parent has filed or furnished all statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC since November 12, 2024,
pursuant to the Exchange Act or the Securities Act (collectively, as they have been amended since the time of their filing and
including all exhibits thereto, the Parent SEC Documents). The Parent SEC Documents (including any amendments
thereto) complied in all material respects, and each other form, report, schedule, statement, prospectus or other document filed by
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries after the date hereof and prior to the Effective Time (the Additional Parent SEC
Documents) will comply in all material respects in accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act, the
Exchange Act, and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as the case may be, and the rules and regulations thereunder. The Parent SEC Documents did
not, and the Additional Parent SEC Documents will not, at the time they were or are filed, as the case may be, with the SEC (except
to the extent that information contained in any Parent SEC Document or Additional Parent SEC Document has been or is revised or
superseded by a later filed Parent SEC Document or Additional Parent SEC Document, then on the date of such filing) contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Parent has no off-balance
sheet arrangements that are not disclosed in the Parent SEC Documents.

50

(b)The financial statements and notes contained or incorporated by reference in the Parent SEC Documents and the Additional Parent
SEC Documents (collectively, the Parent Financial Statements) are complete and accurate and fairly present in all
material respects, in conformity with U.S. GAAP applied on a consistent basis in all material respects and Regulation S-X or Regulation
S-K, as applicable, the financial position of the Parent as of the dates thereof and the results of operations of the Parent for the periods
reflected therein. The Parent Financial Statements (i) were prepared from the Books and Records of the Parent; (ii) were prepared on an
accrual basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP consistently applied; (iii) contain and reflect all necessary adjustments and accruals for
a fair presentation of the Parents financial condition as of their dates.

(c)None of the Purchaser Parties has any material liability or obligation of a nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise)
required to be disclosed in the Parent SEC Documents that is not disclosed, except for liabilities and obligations arising in the ordinary
course of the Purchaser Parties respective business.

(d)There are no outstanding loans or other extensions of credit made by the Parent to any executive officer (as defined in Rule 3b-7
under the Exchange Act) or director of the Parent, and the Parent has not taken any action prohibited by Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act.

6.15Litigation. As of the date hereof, there is no Action pending, or to the knowledge of the Parent, threatened against any
Purchaser Party, or any of its securities or any of its assets or Contracts before any court, Authority or official or which in any manner
challenges or seeks to prevent, enjoin, alter or delay the transactions contemplated hereby or by the Definitive Agreements or the Additional
Agreements. There are no outstanding judgments against the Purchaser Parties. No Purchaser Party is, and has previously been, subject
to any legal proceeding with any Authority other than as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on
the ability of Parent to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the Definitive Agreements or the Additional
Agreements.

6.16Compliance with Laws. No Purchaser Party is in violation of, has violated, under investigation
with respect to any violation or alleged violation of, any Law, or judgment, order or decree entered by any court, arbitrator or Authority,
domestic or foreign, nor is there any basis for any such charge and no Purchaser Party has previously received any subpoenas by any Authority.

51

6.17Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Purchaser Parties are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
the Money Laundering Laws, and no Action involving the Purchaser Parties with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the
knowledge of the Purchaser Parties, threatened.

6.18Not an Investment Company. The Parent is not an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

6.19Tax Matters(a). Except in each case as to matters that would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a material adverse effect:

(b)There is no proceeding, audit or claim now in progress or, to the Purchaser Parties Knowledge, threatened against the Purchaser
Parties in respect of any Tax, nor has any proceeding for additional Tax been asserted in writing by any Tax authority that has not been
resolved or settled in full.

(c)No written claim has been made by any Tax authority in a jurisdiction where the Purchaser Parties have not filed a Tax Return that
it is or may be subject to Tax by such jurisdiction.

(d)The Purchaser Parties are not a party to any Tax sharing agreement, Tax indemnification agreement, Tax allocation agreement or
similar agreement (other than Contracts entered into in the ordinary course and not relating primarily to Taxes).

(e)The Purchaser Parties have not distributed the stock of another Person, or had its stock distributed by another Person, in a transaction
that was purported or intended to be governed in whole or in part by Section 355 or Section 361 of the Code.

(f)There are no Liens for Taxes upon any assets of the Purchaser Parties other than Permitted Liens.

(g)The Purchaser Parties have not been a party to or bound by any closing agreement, private letter rulings, technical advice memoranda,
offer in compromise, or any similar agreement with any Tax authority in respect of which the Purchaser Parties could have any Tax Liability
after the Closing. The Purchaser Parties do not have any request for a ruling in respect of Taxes pending between any Purchaser Party
and any Tax authority.

(h)The Purchaser Parties (i) have not been a member of an affiliated group filing a consolidated U.S. federal income Tax Return or
other comparable group for state, local or foreign Tax purposes and (ii) has no Liability for the Taxes of any Person (other than the
Purchaser Parties) under Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local, or non-U.S. Law), as a transferee
or successor, by Contract (other than Contracts entered into in the ordinary course and not relating primarily to Taxes), or otherwise
by Law.

(i)The Purchaser Parties have not participated in a listed transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Treasury
Regulations Section 1.6011-4(b).

52

(j) The Purchaser Parties will not be required to include any item of income in, or exclude any item of deduction from, taxable income
for any Tax period (or portion thereof) ending after the Closing as a result of (i) any use of an improper or change in method of accounting
for any Tax period that occurred on or before Closing, (ii) any closing agreement as described in Section 7121 of the Code
(or any comparable or similar provisions of applicable Law) executed on or before Closing, (iii) any installment sale or open transaction
disposition made on or before the Closing, (iv) any deferred intercompany gain or any excess loss account described in Treasury Regulations
under Section 1502 of the Code (or any predecessor provision or any similar provision of state, local or non-U.S. Law), (v) prepaid amount
received or deferred revenue accrued on or before the Closing outside the ordinary course, (vi) an election under Section 108(i) of the
Code made on or before the Closing, (vii) the Purchaser Parties being treated as a controlled foreign corporation (within
the meaning of Section 957(a) of the Code) and having subpart F income (within the meaning of Section 952(a) of the Code)
accrued on or before the Closing, (viii) global intangible low-taxed income of the Purchaser Parties within the meaning
of Section 951A of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local or non-U.S. Law) attributable to any taxable period (or portion
thereof) on or before the Closing or (ix) election made pursuant to Section 965(h) of the Code.

(k)The Purchaser Parties are not aware of the existence of any fact, nor have taken or agreed to take any action, that would reasonably
be expected to prevent or impede the Reincorporation Merger from qualifying for the Reincorporation Intended Tax Treatment.

ARTICLE VII

COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY GROUP
AND THE PURCHASER PARTIES PENDING CLOSING

Each of the Company Group
and the Purchaser Parties covenants and agrees that:

7.1Conduct of the Business.

(a)From the date of the signing of the Acquisition Agreement through the Closing Date, each party shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries
to, conduct their respective business only in the ordinary course, (including the payment of accounts payable and the collection of accounts
receivable), consistent with past practices, and shall not enter into any material transactions without the prior written consent of the
other party, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact its business relationships with employees, clients,
suppliers and other third parties. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, from the date of the signing of the Acquisition Agreement
until and including the Closing Date, without the other partys prior written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld),
the Company and the Purchaser Parties shall not:

(i)materially amend, modify or supplement its Organizational Documents other than pursuant to the Definitive Agreements;

53

(ii) create, authorize or issue any shares or other securities of the Company (including Company Share Rights), or date, adjust, split,
combine, subdivide, recapitalize, reclassify or otherwise effect any changes in respect of any shares or other equity or voting securities
of the Company or the Purchaser Parties other than pursuant to the Definitive Agreements;

(iii)amend, waive any provision of, terminate prior to its scheduled expiration date, or otherwise compromise in any way, any Contract
or any other right or asset of the Company Group or the Purchaser Parties, which involve payments in excess of $1,000,000;

(iv)make any capital expenditures in excess of $5,000,000 (individually or in the aggregate);

(v)sell, lease, license, or otherwise dispose of any of the Company Groups or the Purchaser Parties assets or assets
covered by any Contract, including Intellectual Property Rights, except (A) pursuant to existing Contracts or commitments disclosed herein,
(B) not exceeding $5,000,000;

(vi)abandon or permit to lapse any Intellectual Property Right;

(vii)pay, declare or promise to pay any dividends or other distributions with respect to its capital stock or share capital, or pay,
declare or promise to pay any other payments to any stockholder or shareholder (other than, in the case of any stockholder or shareholder
that is an employee, payments of salary accrued in said period at the current salary rate);

(viii)(A) enter into any new employment or compensatory agreements, or terminate any such agreements, with any employee of the Company
Group other than the hiring or termination of employees with a per employee aggregate annual compensation of less than US$300,000, (B)
grant or provide any severance, retention, change of control or termination or similar payments or benefits to any employee of the Company
Group other than as required by Law, (C) increase the compensation, bonus or pension, welfare, severance or other benefits of, pay any
bonus to any employee of any Company Group except such increases or payments, in the aggregate, do not cause an increase in the labor
costs of the Company Group, taken as a whole, by more than 5%, (D) accelerate or amend the terms of any equity awards to any employee
of the Company Group or any other Person or allow any equity awards to become vested prior to, on or immediately after the Closing Date,
(E) establish, adopt, amend or terminate any equity based incentive plan, or (F) grant any equity or equity based compensation awards;

(ix)authorize any salary increase of more than 10% for any employee making an annual salary equal to or greater than $300,000 or in
excess of $250,000 in the aggregate on an annual basis or change the bonus or profit sharing policies of the Company Group or the Purchaser
Parties;

54

(x) obtain or incur any loan or other Indebtedness in excess of $5,000,000 or assume, guarantee, or otherwise become responsible for
or the obligations of any Person for Indebtedness, including drawings under the Company Groups or the Purchaser Parties
existing lines of credit;

(xi)suffer or incur any Lien on the Company Groups or the Purchaser Parties assets, except for Permitted Liens or the
Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

(xii)suffer any damage, destruction or loss of property related to any of the Company Groups or the Purchaser Parties
assets, whether or not covered by insurance, the aggregate value of which, following any available insurance reimbursement, exceed $5,000,000;

(xiii)merge or consolidate with or acquire any other Person or be acquired by any other Person other than pursuant to the Reincorporation
Merger;

(xiv)suffer any insurance policy protecting any of the Company Groups or the Purchaser Parties assets with an aggregate
coverage amount in excess of $2,000,000 to lapse;

(xv)commence, settle, release, waive or compromise any Action of or against any member of the Company Group for an amount in excess
of $2,500,000;

(xvi)adopt or enter into a plan of liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization
of any member of the Company Group;

(xvii)make any change in its accounting principles other than in accordance with the applicable accounting policies or methods or write
down the value of any assets other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

(xviii)extend any loans other than travel or other expense advances to employees in the ordinary course of business or with the principal
amount not exceeding $100,000;

(xix)issue, sell, transfer, pledge, dispose of, place any Lien, redeem or repurchase any shares or other equity or voting securities
of any member of the Company Group, or issue or grant any securities exchangeable for or convertible into any shares or other equity or
voting securities of any member of the Company Group;

(xx) make,
change or revoke any material Tax election, amend any Tax Return, enter into any closing agreement or seek any ruling from any
Authority with respect to material Taxes, surrender any right to claim a material refund of Taxes, settle or finally resolve any
material controversy with respect to Taxes, agree to an extension or waiver of the statute of limitations with respect to the
assessment or determination of material Taxes, change any method of Tax accounting or Tax accounting period, initiate any voluntary
Tax disclosure to any Authority, or incur any material amount of Taxes outside of the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice;

55

(xxi)take any action, or fail to take any action, where such action or failure to act could reasonably be expected to prevent the Reincorporation
Merger from qualifying for the Reincorporation Intended Tax Treatment;

(xxii)disclose or agree to disclose to any Person (other than the Purchaser Parties or any of their Representatives) any trade secret
or any other material confidential or proprietary information, know-how or process of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries other than
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and pursuant to written obligations to maintain the confidentiality thereof;

(xxiii)amend in a manner materially detrimental to the Company or any of the Companys Subsidiaries, terminate, permit to lapse
or fail to use reasonable best efforts to maintain any material Permits required for the conduct of the business of the Company or any
of the Companys Subsidiaries;

(xxiv)undertake any legally binding obligation to do any of the foregoing

(b)From the Signing Date through the Closing Date, the Parent shall remain a blank check company as defined under the
Securities Act, shall not conduct any business operations other than in connection with this Agreement and the Definitive Agreements and
ordinary course operations to maintain its status as a Nasdaq-listed special purpose acquisition company pending the completion of the
transactions contemplated hereby. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, through the Closing Date, other than in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Definitive Agreements, without the other partys prior written consent
(which shall not be unreasonably withheld), the Purchaser Parties shall not, and shall not cause its Subsidiaries to amend, waive or otherwise
change the Investment Management Trust Agreement in any manner adverse to the Purchaser Parties.

7.2 Access
to Information. From the Signing Date until and including the Closing Date, the Company Group and the Purchaser Parties shall,
to the best of their abilities, (a) continue to give the other party, its legal counsel and other representatives full access to the
offices, properties, and Books and Records, (b) furnish to the other party, its legal counsel and other representatives such
information relating to the business of the Company Group or the Purchaser Parties as such Persons may request, and (c) cause its
respective employees, legal counsel, accountants and representatives to cooperate with the other party in such other partys
investigation of its business; provided that no investigation pursuant to this Section (or any investigation prior to the date
hereof) shall affect any representation or warranty given by the Company Group or the Purchaser Parties and, provided further, that
any investigation pursuant to this Section shall be conducted in such manner as not to interfere unreasonably with the conduct of
the business of the Company Group or the Purchaser Parties. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no party
shall be required to provide the access described above or disclose any information if doing so is reasonably likely to (i) result
in a waiver of attorney client privilege, work product doctrine or similar privilege or (ii) violate any contract to which it is a
party or to which it is subject or applicable Law, provided that the non-disclosing party must advise the other party that it is
withholding such access and/or information and (to the extent reasonably practicable) and provide a description of the access not
granted and/or information not disclosed.

56

7.3Notices of Certain Events. Each party shall promptly notify the other party of:

(a)any notice or other communication from any Person alleging that the consent of such Person is or may be required in connection
with the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Definitive Agreements or that the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement
or the Definitive Agreements might give rise to any Action by or on behalf of such Person or result in the creation of any Lien on any
Company Ordinary Share or share capital or capital stock of the Purchaser Parties or any of the Company Groups or the Purchaser
Parties assets;

(b)any notice or other communication from any Authority in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Definitive
Agreements or the Additional Agreements;

(c)any Actions commenced or, to such partys knowledge, threatened against, relating to or involving or otherwise affecting
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Definitive Agreements or the Additional Agreements;

(d)the occurrence of any fact or circumstance which constitutes or results, or might reasonably be expected to constitute or result,
in a Material Adverse Effect; and

(e)the occurrence of any fact or circumstance which results, or might reasonably be expected to result, in any representation made
hereunder by such party to be false or misleading in any material respect or to omit or fail to state a material fact.

7.4SEC Filings.

(a)The Company Group acknowledges that:

(i)the Parents shareholders must approve the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Definitive Agreements prior
to the Acquisition Merger contemplated hereby being consummated and that, in connection with such approval, the Parent must call a special
meeting of its shareholders requiring Parent to prepare and file with the SEC a Proxy Statement and Registration Statement;

(ii)the Purchaser Parties will be required to file quarterly and annual reports that may be required to contain information about the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Definitive Agreements; and

57

(iii) the Parent will be required to file a Form 8-K to announce the transactions contemplated hereby and other significant events that
may occur in connection with such transactions.

(b)In connection with any filing the Purchaser Parties make with the SEC that requires information about the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the Definitive Agreements to be included, the Company Group will, and will use its best efforts to cause its Affiliates,
in connection with the disclosure included in any such filing or the responses provided to the SEC in connection with the SECs
comments to a filing, to use their best efforts to (i) cooperate with the Purchaser Parties, (ii) respond to questions about the Company
Group required in any filing or requested by the SEC, and (iii) provide any information requested by the Purchaser Parties in connection
with any filing with the SEC.

7.5Company Group Cooperation. The Company Group acknowledges that a substantial portion of the filings with the SEC and mailings
to each Purchaser Partys stockholders or shareholders with respect to the Proxy Statement and the Registration Statement, as applicable,
shall include disclosure regarding the Company Group and its management, operations and financial condition. Accordingly, the Company
Group agrees to as promptly as reasonably practical provide the Purchaser Parties with such information as shall be reasonably requested
by the Purchaser Parties for inclusion in or attachment to the Proxy Statement, and the Registration Statement, as applicable, that is
accurate in all material respects and complies as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder and in addition shall contain substantially the same financial and other information about the
Company Group and its stockholders or shareholders as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act regulating the solicitation
of proxies. The Company Group understands that such information shall be included in the Proxy Statement, and the Registration Statement,
and/or responses to comments from the SEC or its staff in connection therewith and mailings. The Company Group shall cause their managers,
directors, officers and employees to be reasonably available to the Purchaser Parties and their counsel in connection with the drafting
of such filings and mailings and responding in a timely manner to comments from the SEC.

58

7.6 Financial
Information(a). By no later than May 31, 2025, the Company Group shall deliver to the Purchaser Parties audited consolidated
financial statements of the Company as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024, consisting of the audited consolidated
balance sheets as of such dates, the audited consolidated income statements for the twelve (12) month periods ended on such dates,
and the audited consolidated cash flow statements for the twelve (12) month periods ended on such dates, all prepared in conformity
with U.S. GAAP under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the Audited Financials).
The Audited Financials shall be (a) prepared from the Books and Records of the Company; (b) prepared on an accrual basis in
accordance with U.S. GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods indicated; (c) contain and reflect all necessary
adjustments and accruals for a fair presentation of the Companys financial condition as of their dates including for all
warranty, maintenance, service and indemnification obligations; and (d) contain and reflect adequate provisions for all Liabilities
for all material Taxes applicable to the Company with respect to the periods then ended. The Audited Financials will be complete and
accurate and fairly present and reflect, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and
the results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of the date thereof and for the periods reflected therein and will be
audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB for public companies. The auditors engaged to audit the Audited Financials
shall be an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the Company within the meaning of the Exchange Act and the
applicable rules and regulations thereunder adopted by the SEC and the PCAOB. The Company Group will provide additional financial
information as reasonably requested by the Purchaser Parties for inclusion in any filings to be made by the Purchaser Parties with
the SEC which the Company Group shall cause such information to be reviewed or audited by the Company Groups auditors as
required by SEC or its rules and regulations or reasonably requested by the Purchaser Parties. (b)Each of the consolidated balance
sheets of the Company Group, in the case of documents that will be filed with the SEC after the Signing Date, will fairly present,
the consolidated financial position of the Company as of its date, and each of the consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive loss, shareholders deficit and cash flows of the Company Group, in the case of documents to be filed with the
SEC after the Signing Date, will fairly present, the consolidated results of operations, accumulated deficit and cash flows, as
applicable, for the periods set forth therein (subject, in the case of unaudited financial statements, to notes and normal year-end
audit adjustments that will not be material in amount or effect), in each case, in accordance with U.S. GAAP during the periods
presented, except as may be disclosed therein or in the notes thereto (or, in the case of unaudited financial statements, as
permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC). At the time each such financial statement is filed, such financial statement will comply in all
material respects with all applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect
thereto. 

7.7Trust Account. The Company Group acknowledges that the Purchaser Parties shall make appropriate arrangements to cause the
funds in the Trust Account to be disbursed in accordance with the Investment Management Trust Agreement and for the payment of (a) all
amounts payable to shareholders of Parent holding Parent Units or Parent Ordinary Shares who shall have validly redeemed their Parent
Units or Parent Ordinary Shares upon acceptance by the Parent of such Parent Units or Parent Ordinary Shares, (b) the expenses of the
Purchaser Parties to the third parties to which they are owed and (c) the remaining monies in the Trust Account to the Purchaser Parties.
Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Investment Management Trust Agreement, Purchaser Parties shall not agree to, or permit,
any amendment or modification of, or waiver under, the Investment Management Trust Agreement without the prior written consent of the
Company.

59

7.8 Directors
and Officers Indemnification and Insurance.

(a) The
parties agree that all rights to exculpation, indemnification and advancement of expenses existing in favor of the current or former
directors and officers of the Purchaser Parties (the D&O Indemnified Persons) as provided in their
respective Organizational Documents, in each case as in effect on the Signing Date, or under any indemnification, employment or
other similar agreements between any D&O Indemnified Person and any of the Purchaser Parties in effect on the Signing Date and
disclosed in Section 7.8 of the Parent Disclosure Schedule, shall survive the Closing and continue in full force and effect
in accordance with their respective terms to the extent permitted by applicable Law. For a period of six (6) years after the
Reincorporation Effective Time (in the case of the Reincorporation Surviving Corporation) and six (6) years after the Effective Time
(in the case of the Surviving Corporation), as the case may be, the Reincorporation Surviving Corporation shall cause the
Organizational Documents of the Reincorporation Surviving Corporation and the Surviving Corporation to contain provisions no less
favorable with respect to exculpation and indemnification of and advancement of expenses to D&O Indemnified Persons than are set
forth as of the Signing Date in the Organizational Documents of the Purchaser Parties to the extent permitted by applicable Law. The
provisions of this Section 7.8 shall survive the Closing and are intended to be for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable
by, each of the D&O Indemnified Persons and their respective heirs and representatives.

(b) The Company shall, or shall cause its Affiliates to, obtain and fully pay the premium for a tail insurance policy
that provides coverage for up to a six-year period from the Closing Date, for the benefit of the D&O Indemnified Persons (the D&O
Tail Insurance) that is substantially equivalent to and in any event not less favorable in the aggregate than Parents
existing policy or, if substantially equivalent insurance coverage is unavailable, the best available coverage; provided that in no event
shall the Company be required to expend for such policies pursuant to this Section 7.8(b) an annual premium amount in excess of
300% of the amount per annum the Parent paid in its last full fiscal year, which amount is set forth in Section 7.8(b) of the Parent
Disclosure Schedule. Parent shall cause such D&O Tail Insurance to be maintained in full force and effect, for its full term,
and cause the other Purchaser Parties to honor all obligations thereunder.

(c)On the Closing Date, the Reincorporation Surviving Corporation shall enter into customary indemnification agreements reasonably
satisfactory to all parties with the individuals set forth on Section 7.8(c) of the Parent Disclosure Schedule, which indemnification
agreements shall continue to be effective following the Closing.

7.9No Trading. The Company Group acknowledge and agree that they are aware, and that directors and officers of the Company
Group have been made aware, of the restrictions imposed by U.S. federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated
thereunder or otherwise and other applicable foreign and domestic Laws on a Person possessing material nonpublic information about a publicly
traded company. The Company hereby agrees that it shall not purchase or sell any securities of the Parent in violation of such Laws, or
cause or encourage any Person to do the foregoing.

7.10Formation of Purchaser and Merger Sub. As promptly as practicable after the signing of this Agreement, no later than the
day immediately prior to the Closing Date, Parent shall cause each of Purchaser and Merger Sub to be formed under the laws of the British
Virgin Islands. Upon formation, each of Purchaser and Merger Sub shall sign a joinder agreement in form and substance reasonably agreed
by the parties, agreeing to be bound by this Agreement as if parties hereto on the Signing Date.

60

ARTICLE VIII

COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY GROUP

The Company Group
agrees that:

8.1Reporting and Compliance with Laws. From the Signing Date through the Closing Date, the Company
Group shall duly and timely file all Tax Returns required to be filed with the applicable Taxing Authorities, pay Taxes required by any
Taxing Authority and duly observe and conform in all material respects, to all applicable Laws and Orders.

8.2CSRC Filings. The Company Group shall use its reasonable best efforts to keep current and timely file all necessary documents
required by the CSRC and otherwise comply in all material respects with its filing obligations under the CSRC Trial Rules and other applicable
Laws (if any).

8.3Annual and Interim Financial Statements. From date of the signing of the Acquisition Agreement through the Closing Date,
within ninety (90) calendar days following the end of each six-month half year period, the Company Group shall deliver to the Purchaser
Parties, for the first six months of the year, unaudited but reviewed (a) consolidated balance sheets as of such dates, (b) consolidated
income statements for the six (6) month periods ended on such dates, and (c) consolidated cash flow statements for the six (6) month periods
ended on such dates, all prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. The
Company Group shall also promptly deliver to the Purchaser Parties copies of any audited annual consolidated financial statements of the
Company that the Companys auditor may issue.

8.4Company Shareholder Approval. The Company shall take all action necessary to obtain the Requisite Company Vote as promptly
as reasonably practicable (but in no event later than five (5) Business Days after the effectiveness of the Registration Statement), including
convening an extraordinary general meeting of its shareholders or obtaining written consent from all of its shareholders.

8.5Purchaser Incentive Plan. As soon as practicable after the signing date of the Acquisition Agreement but in any event prior
to the initial filing (including confidential filing) of the preliminary Proxy Statement/Registration Statement with the SEC, the Company
Group shall prepare the Purchaser Incentive Plan in the form and substance that are reasonably satisfactory to the Purchaser. The Purchaser
Incentive Plan shall provide that, among other things, the equity awards for the maximum of 1,434,175 Purchaser Class A Ordinary Shares
would initially be available for grant under the Purchaser Incentive Plan immediately after the Closing.

8.6Covenant Not to Sue. The Company or Parent shall not, and shall ensure that each member of the Company Group and the Parent
does not, bring any claim before any court, arbitrator or other tribunal in any jurisdiction, whether as a claim, a cross-claim, counterclaim,
or otherwise, against any current or prior advisor, director, shareholder or officer of the Company Group or the Parent.

61

8.7Additional Information. The Company Group shall provide all additional information requested by the Parent prior to Closing.

ARTICLE IX

COVENANTS OF ALL PARTIES HERETO

The parties hereto
covenant and agree that:

9.1Tax Matters.

(a)Each of Parent, Purchaser, the Company, and their respective Affiliates shall file all Tax Returns consistent with the Reincorporation
Intended Tax Treatment (including attaching the statement described in Treasury Regulations Section 1.368-(a) on or with the its Tax Return
for the taxable year of the Reincorporation Merger), and shall take no position inconsistent with the Reincorporation Intended Tax Treatment
(whether in audits, Tax Returns or otherwise), unless otherwise required by a Taxing Authority in connection with an audit.

(b)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, all Transfer Taxes shall be paid by Parent. The party required by Law
to do so shall file all necessary Tax Returns and other documentation with respect to all such Transfer Taxes, and if required by applicable
Law, the parties shall, and shall cause their respective Affiliates to, join in the execution of any such Tax Returns and other document.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement and the Definitive Agreements, the parties shall (and shall cause their respective
Affiliates to) cooperate in good faith to minimize, to the extent permissible under applicable Law, the amount of any such Transfer Taxes.

(c)In the event the SEC requires a tax opinion regarding the Reincorporation Intended Tax Treatment, the Parent will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to cause Loeb & Loeb LLP to deliver such tax opinion to the Parent. Each party shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to execute and deliver customary Tax representation letters to the applicable tax advisor in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to such advisor. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement and the Definitive Agreements, Loeb & Loeb LLP shall not
be required to provide any opinion to any party regarding the Acquisition Merger.

(d) Within
one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of Purchasers current taxable year and each subsequent taxable year of Purchaser
for which Purchaser reasonably believes that it may be a passive foreign investment company within the meaning of
Section 1297 of the Code (PFIC), Purchaser shall (i) determine its status as a PFIC, (ii) determine the PFIC
status of each of its Subsidiaries that at any time during such taxable year was a foreign corporation within the meaning of Section
7701(a) of the Code (the Non-U.S. Subsidiaries), and (iii) make such PFIC status determinations available to
the shareholders of Purchaser as of immediately prior to the Effective Time. If Purchaser determines that it (or any of its Non-U.S.
Subsidiaries) was, or could reasonably be deemed to have been, a PFIC in such taxable year, Purchaser shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to provide the statements and information (including without limitation, a PFIC Annual Information Statement
meeting the requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.1295-1(g)) necessary to enable Purchaser shareholders as of immediately
prior to the Effective Time and their direct and/or indirect owners that are United States persons (within the meaning of Section
7701(a)(30) of the Code) to comply with all provisions of the Code with respect to PFICs, including but not limited to making and
complying with the requirements of a Qualified Electing Fund election pursuant to Section 1295 of the Code or filing a
protective statement pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.1295-3 with respect to Purchaser or any of the Non-U.S.
Subsidiaries, as applicable. The covenants contained in this Section 9.1(d), notwithstanding any provision elsewhere in this
Agreement, shall survive in full force and effect until the later of (x) two (2) years after the end of Purchasers current
taxable year or (y) such time as Purchaser has reasonably determined that it is not a PFIC for three (3) consecutive taxable
years.

62

9.2Settlement of the Purchaser Parties Liabilities. Concurrently with the Closing, all outstanding liabilities of the
Purchaser Parties shall be settled and paid in full and reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred by Purchasers
or Parents officers, directors, or any of their respective Affiliates, in connection with identifying, investigating and consummating
a business combination.

9.3Compliance with SPAC Agreements. The Company Group and Purchaser Parties shall comply with each of the applicable agreements
entered into in connection with the IPO, including that certain registration rights agreement, dated as of November 8, 2024 by and between
Parent and the investors named therein.

9.4Registration Statement

(a) As
promptly as practicable after the signing of the Acquisition Agreement, Purchaser and the Company shall prepare and file with the
SEC a registration statement on Form F-4 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, and including the Proxy Statement contained
therein, the Registration Statement) in connection with the registration under the Securities Act of Purchaser Class A
Ordinary Shares to be issued in the Reincorporation Merger and Acquisition Merger, which Registration Statement will also contain a
proxy statement of Parent (as amended, the Proxy Statement) for the purpose of soliciting proxies from Parent
shareholders for the matters to be acted upon at the Parent Special Meeting and providing the public shareholders of Parent an
opportunity in accordance with Parents Organizational Documents and the Prospectus to have their Parent Ordinary Shares
redeemed in conjunction with the shareholder vote on the Parent Shareholder Approval Matters as defined below (the Parent
Shares Redemption). The Proxy Statement shall include proxy materials for the purpose of soliciting proxies from Parent
shareholders to vote, at an extraordinary general meeting of Parent shareholders to be called and held for such purpose (the
Parent Special Meeting), in favor of resolutions approving (i) the adoption and approval of the Definitive
Agreements and the Additional Agreements and the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, including the Reincorporation Merger
and the Acquisition Merger, by the holders of Parent Ordinary Shares in accordance with the Parents Organizational Documents,
the BVI Act, and the rules and regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq, (ii) adoption of the Purchaser Incentive Plan, (iii) such other
matters as the Company Group and Parent shall hereafter mutually determine to be necessary or appropriate in order to effect the
Reincorporation Merger, Acquisition Merger and the other Transactions (the approvals described in foregoing clauses (i) through
(iii), collectively, the Parent Shareholder Approval Matters), and (iv) the adjournment of the Parent Special
Meeting, if necessary or desirable in the reasonable determination of Parent. If on the date for which the Parent Special Meeting is
scheduled, Parent has not received proxies representing a sufficient number of shares to obtain the Required Parent Shareholder
Approval (as defined below), whether or not a quorum is present, Parent may make one or more successive postponements or
adjournments of the Parent Special Meeting; provided that, without the consent of the Company, in no event shall the Parent adjourn
the Parent Special Meeting for more than fifteen (15) Business Days later than the most recently adjourned meeting or to a date that
is beyond September 30, 2025. In connection with the Registration Statement, Parent and the Company Group will file with the SEC
financial and other information about the Transactions contemplated by the Definitive Agreements in accordance with applicable Law
and applicable proxy solicitation and registration statement rules set forth in Parents Organizational Documents, British
Virgin Islands Law, BVI Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq. The Purchaser and the Company Group shall cooperate
in the preparation of the Registration Statement and any amendment or supplement thereto prior to filing the same with the SEC. The
Company Group shall provide the Purchaser Parties with such information concerning the Company Group and its equity holders,
officers, directors, employees, assets, Liabilities, condition (financial or otherwise), business and operations that may be
required or appropriate for inclusion in the Registration Statement, or in any amendments or supplements thereto, which information
provided by the Company Group shall be true and correct and not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary in order to make the statements made not materially misleading (subject to the qualifications and
limitations set forth in the materials provided by the Company Group). If required by applicable SEC rules or regulations, such
financial information provided by the Company Group must be reviewed or audited by the Company Groups auditors. The Parent
shall provide such information concerning Parent and its equity holders, officers, directors, employees, assets, Liabilities,
condition (financial or otherwise), business and operations that may be required or appropriate for inclusion in the Registration
Statement, or in any amendments or supplements thereto, which information provided by the Parent shall be true and correct and not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made not
materially misleading. The Purchaser and the Company Group will use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registration
Statement to be declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as practicable after such filing and to keep the
Registration Statement effective as long as is necessary to consummate the Acquisition Merger and the transactions contemplated
hereby.

63

(b) Each
party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, make their respective directors, officers and employees, upon reasonable
advance notice, available at a reasonable time and location to the Company Group, Parent and their respective representatives in
connection with the drafting of the public filings with respect to the Transactions contemplated by the Definitive Agreements,
including the Registration Statement, and responding in a timely manner to comments from the SEC. Each party shall promptly correct
any information provided by it for use in the Registration Statement (and other related materials) if and to the extent that such
information is determined to have become false or misleading in any material respect or as otherwise required by applicable Laws.
Purchaser and the Company shall amend or supplement the Registration Statement and cause the Registration Statement, as so amended
or supplemented, to be filed with the SEC and the Parent shall cause the Proxy Statement to be disseminated to Parents
shareholders, in each case as and to the extent required by applicable Laws and subject to the terms and conditions of the
Definitive Agreements and Parents Organizational Documents.

(c)As soon as practicable following the Registration Statement clearing comments from the SEC and being declared effective
by the SEC, Parent shall distribute the Proxy Statement to Parents shareholders, and, pursuant thereto, shall call the Parent Special
Meeting in accordance with the British Virgin Islands Law for a date no later than thirty-five (35) Business Days following the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement.

9.5Confidentiality. Except as necessary to complete the Proxy Statement and Registration Statement, the Company Group, on the
one hand, and the Purchaser Parties, on the other hand, shall hold and shall cause their respective Representatives to hold in strict
confidence, unless compelled to disclose by judicial or administrative process or by other requirements of Law, all documents and information
concerning the other party furnished to it by such other party or its representatives in connection with the Transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the Definitive Agreements (except to the extent that such information can be shown to have been (a) previously known
by the party to which it was furnished, (b) in the public domain through no fault of such party or (c) later lawfully acquired from other
sources, which source is not the agent of the other party, by the party to which it was furnished), and each party shall not release or
disclose such information to any other person, except its representatives in connection with this Agreement. In the event that any party
believes that it is required to disclose any such confidential information pursuant to applicable Laws, such party shall give timely written
notice to the other parties so that such parties may have an opportunity to obtain a protective order or other appropriate relief. Each
party shall be deemed to have satisfied its obligations to hold confidential information concerning or supplied by the other parties if
it exercises the same care as it takes to preserve confidentiality for its own similar information. The parties acknowledge that some
previously confidential information will be required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement.

ARTICLE X

CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

10.1Condition to the Obligations of the Parties. The obligations of all of the parties hereto to consummate the Closing are
subject to the satisfaction of all the following conditions:

(a)No provisions of any applicable Law, and no Order shall prohibit or prevent the consummation of the Closing.

64

(b) There shall not be any Action brought by a third party that is not an Affiliate of the parties hereto to enjoin or otherwise restrict
the consummation of the Closing.

(c)The Reincorporation Merger shall have been consummated and the applicable certificates and the Reincorporation Articles of Merger
shall have been filed in the appropriate jurisdictions.

(d)The SEC shall have declared the Registration Statement effective. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement or any part thereof shall have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened by the
SEC and not withdrawn.

(e)All applicable waiting periods, if any, (and any extension thereof) under the HSR Act or any other applicable anti-trust Laws shall
have expired or been terminated.

(f)The Parent Shareholder Approval Matters that are submitted to the vote of the shareholders of Parent at the Parent Special Meeting
in accordance with the Proxy Statement and Parents Organizational Documents shall have been approved by the requisite vote of the
shareholders of Parent at the Parent Special Meeting in accordance with Parents Organizational Documents, applicable Law and the
Proxy Statement (the Required Parent Shareholder Approval).

(g)The Definitive Agreements, the Acquisition Plan of Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including the Acquisition
Merger, shall have been authorized and approved by the holders of Company Ordinary Shares constituting the Requisite Company Vote in accordance
with the BVI Act and the Companys memorandum and articles of association.

10.2Conditions to Obligations of the Purchaser Parties. The obligation of the Purchaser Parties to consummate the Closing is
subject to the satisfaction, or the waiver at the Purchaser Parties sole and absolute discretion, of all the following further
conditions:

(a)The Company Group shall have duly performed all of its obligations hereunder required to be performed by it at or prior to the
Closing Date in all material respects, unless the applicable obligation has a materiality qualifier in which case it shall be duly performed
in all respects.

(b)All of the representations and warranties of the Company Group contained in ARTICLE V in this Agreement, disregarding all qualifications
and exceptions contained herein relating to materiality or Material Adverse Effect, regardless of whether it involved a known risk, shall:
(i) be true and correct at and as of the Signing Date except as provided in the disclosure schedules pursuant to ARTICLE V, and (ii) be
true and correct as of the Closing Date except as provided in the disclosure schedules pursuant to ARTICLE V (if the representation and
warranties that speak as of a specific date prior to the Closing Date, such representations and warranties need only to be true and correct
as of such earlier date), in the case of (i) and (ii), other than as would not in the aggregate reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

65

(c) There shall have been no event, change or occurrence which individually or together with any other event, change or occurrence,
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, regardless of whether it involved a known risk.

(d)All Company Group Consents have been obtained, and no such consent shall have been revoked.

(e)The Purchaser Parties shall have received a certificate signed by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the
Company to the effect set forth in clauses (a) through (d) of this Section 10.2.

(f)The Purchaser Parties shall have received (i) a copy of memorandum and articles of association of the Company as in effect as of
the Closing Date, (ii) a copy of the certificate of incorporation of the Company, (iii) the copies of resolutions duly adopted by the
board of directors of the Company and by the Requisite Company Vote of the Companys shareholders authorizing the Definitive Agreements
and the transactions contemplated thereby, and (iv) a recent certificate of good standing as of a date no earlier than thirty (30) days
prior to the Closing Date regarding the Company from the jurisdiction in which the Company is incorporated.

(g)The Purchaser Parties shall have received copies of all Governmental Approvals, if any, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Purchaser Parties, and no such Governmental Approval shall have been revoked.

(h)The Key Personnel shall have executed the employment agreements, and the same shall be in full force and effect.

(i)The Purchaser Parties shall have received a Company Disclosure Schedule updated (if applicable) as of the Closing Date.

(j)The Purchaser Parties shall have received a copy of each of the Additional Agreements to which the Company is a party duly executed
by the Company and such Additional Agreement shall be in full force and effect.

(k)The Purchaser Parties shall have received a copy of each of the Additional Agreements duly executed by all parties thereto, other
than Parent, Purchaser or the Company, provided that the non-execution of the Lock-up Agreement by Company Shareholders who are not the
Key Personnel nor Controlled by the Key Personnel collectively holding no more than 5% of the authorized shares in the Company (on a fully-diluted
basis) immediately prior to the Closing shall not affect the Closing or occurrence of the Closing.

(l)The Company Group shall have completed the CSRC Filing, as evidenced by the delivery to the Purchaser Parties of the CSRC Filing
certificates, filing receipts or other documents and materials issued by the CSRC evidencing completion of the CSRC Filing.

66

10.3Conditions to Obligations of the Company. The obligations of the Company to consummate the Closing is subject to the satisfaction,
or the waiver at the Companys discretion, of all of the following further conditions:

(a)The Purchaser Parties shall have duly performed all of their obligations hereunder required to be performed by them at or prior
to the Closing Date in all material respects, unless the applicable obligation has a materiality qualifier in which case it shall be duly
performed in all respects.

(b)All of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser Parties contained in ARTICLE VI, disregarding all qualifications
and exceptions contained herein relating to materiality or Material Adverse Effect, regardless of whether it involved a known risk, shall:
(i) be true and correct at and as of the Signing Date and (ii) be true and correct as of the Closing Date (except for representation and
warranties that speak as of a specific date prior to the Closing Date, in which case such representations and warranties need only to
be true and correct as of such earlier date), in the case of (i) and (ii), other than as would not in the aggregate reasonably be expected
to have a material adverse effect.

(c)There shall have been no event, change or occurrence which individually or together with any other event, change or occurrence,
could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Purchaser Parties, regardless of whether it involved a known risk.

(d)The Company shall have received a certificate signed by an authorized officer of Purchaser Parties to the effect set forth in clauses
(a) through (c) of this Section 10.3.

(e)From the Signing Date until the Closing, the Purchaser Parties shall have been in material compliance with the reporting requirements
under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act applicable to the Purchaser Parties.

(f)The Purchaser Parties shall have executed and delivered to the Company each Additional Agreement to which any of them is a party.

(g)The Parent Shares Redemptions shall have been completed in accordance with the terms hereof and the Proxy Statement.

(h)The directors designated by the Company shall have been appointed to the board of directors of the Parent, effective as of the
Closing.

(i)The Purchaser Class A Ordinary Shares to be issued in connection with the Closing shall be conditionally approved for listing upon
the Closing on Nasdaq, subject only to official notice of issuance thereof.

67

ARTICLE XI

DISPUTE RESOLUTION

11.1Arbitration.

(a)The parties shall promptly submit any dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement (including with
respect to the meaning, effect, validity, termination, interpretation, or performance of this Agreement) or any alleged breach thereof
(including any action in tort, contract, equity, or otherwise), to have arbitration before one arbitrator (the Arbitrator).
Arbitration shall be the sole means of resolving any dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement (including
with respect to the meaning, effect, validity, termination, interpretation, or performance of this Agreement) or any alleged breach thereof
(including any claim in tort, contract, equity, or otherwise).

(b)If the parties cannot agree upon the Arbitrator, the Arbitrator shall be selected by the New York, New York chapter head of the
American Arbitration Association upon the written request of either side. The Arbitrator shall be selected within thirty (30) days of
such written request.

(c)The laws of the State of New York shall apply to any arbitration hereunder. In any arbitration hereunder, this Agreement shall
be governed by the laws of the State of New York applicable to a contract negotiated, signed, and wholly to be performed in the State
of New York, which laws the Arbitrator shall apply in rendering his decision. The Arbitrator shall issue a written decision, setting forth
findings of fact and conclusions of law, within sixty (60) days after he shall have been selected. The Arbitrator shall have no authority
to award punitive or other exemplary damages.

(d)The arbitration shall be held in New York, New York in accordance with and under the then-current provisions of the rules of the
American Arbitration Association, except as otherwise provided herein.

(e)On application to the Arbitrator, any party shall have rights to discovery to the same extent as would be provided under the Federal
Rules of Civil Procedure, and the Federal Rules of Evidence shall apply to any arbitration under this Agreement; provided, however, that
the Arbitrator shall limit any discovery or evidence such that his decision shall be rendered within the period referred to in Section
11.1(c).

(f)The Arbitrator may, at his discretion and at the expense of the party who will bear the cost of the arbitration, employ experts
to assist him in his determinations.

(g)The costs of the arbitration proceeding and any proceeding in court to confirm any arbitration award (including actual attorneys
fees and costs), shall be borne by the unsuccessful party and shall be awarded as part of the Arbitrators decision, unless the
Arbitrator shall otherwise allocate such costs in such decision. The determination of the Arbitrator shall be final to the parties and
not subject to appeal.

68

(h) Any judgment upon any award rendered by the Arbitrator may be entered in by any court of competent jurisdiction. The parties expressly
consent to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts (Federal and state) in New York, New York to enforce any award of the Arbitrator
or to render any provisional, temporary, or injunctive relief in connection with or in aid of the arbitration. The parties expressly consent
to the personal and subject matter jurisdiction of the Arbitrator to arbitrate any and all matters to be submitted to arbitration hereunder.
None of the parties hereto shall challenge any arbitration hereunder on the grounds that any party necessary to such arbitration (including
the parties hereto) shall have been absent from such arbitration for any reason, including that such party shall have been the subject
of any bankruptcy, reorganization, or insolvency proceeding.

(i)The parties shall indemnify the Arbitrator and any experts employed by the Arbitrator and hold them harmless from and against any
claim or demand arising out of any arbitration under this Agreement, unless resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct
of the Person indemnified.

(j)This arbitration section shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

11.2Waiver of Jury Trial; Exemplary Damages

(a)THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT EACH SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO TRIAL BY
JURY IN ANY ACTION OF ANY KIND OR NATURE, IN ANY COURT IN WHICH AN ACTION MAY BE COMMENCED, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
AGREEMENT OR ANY ADDITIONAL AGREEMENT, OR BY REASON OF ANY OTHER CAUSE OR DISPUTE WHATSOEVER BETWEEN OR AMONG ANY OF THE PARTIES TO THIS
AGREEMENT OF ANY KIND OR NATURE. NO PARTY SHALL BE AWARDED PUNITIVE OR OTHER EXEMPLARY DAMAGES RESPECTING ANY DISPUTE ARISING UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT OR ANY ADDITIONAL AGREEMENT.

(b)Each of the parties to this Agreement acknowledge that each has been represented in connection with the signing of this waiver
by independent legal counsel selected by the respective party and that such party has discussed the legal consequences and import of this
waiver with legal counsel. Each of the parties to this Agreement further acknowledge that each has read and understands the meaning of
this waiver and grants this waiver knowingly, voluntarily, without duress and only after consideration of the consequences of this waiver
with legal counsel.

69

ARTICLE XII

TERMINATION

12.1Termination.

(a) In the event that the Audited Financials have not been delivered by May 31, 2025, the Purchaser Parties shall have the right,
at their sole option, to terminate this Agreement without liability to the Company. Such right may be exercised by the Purchaser Parties
with a written notice to the Company at any time after May 31, 2025 and prior to the Closing Date and prior to the date when the Registration
Statement is filed with the SEC.

(b)This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing Date by mutual agreement of the Purchaser Parties and the Company.

(c)This Agreement is intended to express a mutual indication of interest in the Transactions. The obligations of Parent and the Company
to consummate the Transactions are subject to and conditioned upon the negotiation and execution of a definitive agreement, including
a purchase, share exchange, merger or other acquisition agreement (the Acquisition Agreement) and other documents (collectively
with the Acquisition Agreement, the Definitive Agreements).

(d)This Agreement is only intended to set forth the framework terms and conditions of the Transactions. All such terms and conditions
are subject to further negotiations, refinement and detail as the parties shall mutually agree, as shall be set forth in the Definitive
Agreements.

12.2[Intentionally omitted]

12.3Survival. The provisions of Article XI and Article XIII shall survive any termination hereof.

ARTICLE XIII

MISCELLANEOUS

13.1Notices. Any notice hereunder shall be sent in writing, addressed as specified below, and shall be deemed given: (a) if
by hand or recognized courier service, by 4:00PM on a business day, addressees day and time, on the date of delivery, and otherwise
on the first business day after such delivery; (b) if by fax or email, on the date that transmission is confirmed electronically, if by
4:00PM on a business day, addressees day and time, and otherwise on the first business day after the date of such confirmation;
or (c) five days after mailing by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. Notices shall be addressed to the respective
parties as follows (excluding telephone numbers, which are for convenience only), or to such other address as a party shall specify to
the others in accordance with these notice provisions:

if to the Company (following
the Closing), to:

BIOSERICA INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

Building 5, Bioserica Era Science and Technology Park

520 Zhongshanmen Street, Qixia District

70

Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, China

Attn: Tina Zhou

Email: tina@tian-an.net

with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Norton Rose Fulbright

38/F Jardine House, Connaught Place, Central

Hong Kong SAR

Attention: Ethan Chen

Email: ethan.chen@nortonrosefulbright.com

if to any Parent,
Purchaser and Merger Sub:

A SPAC III Acquisition Corp.

200 Gloucester Road

29th Floor, Wanchai

Hong Kong

Attn: Secretary

Email: admin@aspac.co

with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Loeb & Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10154

Attn: Giovanni Caruso

Email: gcaruso@loeb.com

13.2Amendments; No Waivers; Remedies.

(a)This Agreement cannot be amended, except by a writing signed by each of the Purchaser Parties (prior to the Reincorporation Effective
Time) and the Company, and cannot be terminated orally or by course of conduct. No provision hereof can be waived, except by a writing
signed by the party, and any such waiver shall apply only in the particular instance in which such waiver shall have been given.

(b)Neither any failure or delay in exercising any right or remedy hereunder or in requiring satisfaction of any condition herein nor
any course of dealing shall constitute a waiver of or prevent any party from any right or remedy or from requiring satisfaction of any
condition. No notice to or demand on a party waives or otherwise affects any obligation of that party or impairs any right of the party
giving such notice or making such demand, including any right to take any action without notice or demand not otherwise required by this
Agreement. No exercise of any right or remedy with respect to a breach of this Agreement shall preclude exercise of any other right or
remedy, as appropriate to make the aggrieved party whole with respect to such breach, or subsequent exercise of any right or remedy with
respect to any other breach.

71

(c) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, no statement herein of any right or remedy shall impair any other right or remedy
stated herein or that otherwise may be available.

(d)Notwithstanding anything else contained herein, neither party shall seek, nor shall any party be liable for, punitive or exemplary
damages, under any tort, contract, equity, or other legal theory, with respect to any breach (or alleged breach) of this Agreement or
any provision hereof or any matter otherwise relating hereto or arising in connection herewith.

13.3Arms Length Bargaining; No Presumption Against Drafter. This Agreement has been negotiated at arms-length
by parties of equal bargaining strength, each represented by counsel or having had but declined the opportunity to be represented by counsel
and having participated in the drafting of this Agreement. This Agreement creates no fiduciary or other special relationship between the
parties, and no such relationship otherwise exists. No presumption in favor of or against any party in the construction or interpretation
of this Agreement or any provision hereof shall be made based upon which Person might have drafted this Agreement or such provision.

13.4Publicity. Except as required by Law and except with respect to the Parent SEC Documents, the parties agree that neither
they nor their agents shall issue any press release or make any other public disclosure concerning the transactions contemplated hereunder
without the prior approval of the other party hereto. If a party is required to make such a disclosure as required by Law, the parties
will use their best efforts to cause a mutually agreeable release or public disclosure to be issued.

13.5Expenses. Each party shall bear its own costs and expenses in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby, unless otherwise specified herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any filing fees with respect to any regulatory or governmental
filings shall be paid by the Parent.

13.6No Assignment or Delegation. No party may assign any right or delegate any obligation hereunder, including by merger, consolidation,
operation of law, or otherwise, without the written consent of the other party. Any purported assignment or delegation without such consent
shall be void, in addition to constituting a material breach of this Agreement.

13.7Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York, without
giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof.

13.8Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original,
but all of which shall constitute one agreement. This Agreement shall become effective upon delivery to each party of an executed counterpart
or the earlier delivery to each party of original, photocopied, or electronically transmitted signature pages that together (but need
not individually) bear the signatures of all other parties.

72

13.9Entire Agreement. This Agreement together with the Additional Agreements and the Definitive Agreements, including any exhibits
and schedules as will be attached to the Definitive Agreements, sets forth the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof and thereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings and agreements related thereto (whether written
or oral), all of which are merged herein. No provision of this Agreement, the Definitive Agreements or any Additional Agreement, including
any exhibits and schedules attached and as will be attached hereto or thereto, may be explained or qualified by any agreement, negotiations,
understanding, discussion, conduct or course of conduct or by any trade usage. Except as otherwise expressly stated herein or any Definitive
Agreement or Additional Agreement, there is no condition precedent to the effectiveness of any provision hereof or thereof. No party has
relied on any representation from, or warranty or agreement of, any person in entering into this Agreement, prior hereto or contemporaneous
herewith or any Additional Agreement, except those expressly stated herein or therein.

13.10Guiding Principles and Intentions. The parties agree that this Agreement is intended for discussion purposes and to set
forth a framework for a Definitive Agreements.

13.11Severability. A determination by a court or other legal Authority that any provision that is not of the essence of this
Agreement is legally invalid shall not affect the validity of any other provision hereof. The parties shall cooperate in good faith to
substitute (or cause such court or other legal Authority to substitute) for any provision so held to be invalid a valid provision, as
alike in substance to such invalid provision as is lawful.

13.12Construction of Certain Terms and References; Captions. In this Agreement:

(a)References to particular sections and subsections, schedules, and exhibits not otherwise specified are cross-references to sections
and subsections, schedules, and exhibits of this Agreement.

(b)The words herein, hereof, hereunder, and words of similar import refer to this Agreement
as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and, unless the context requires otherwise, party means
a party signatory hereto.

(c)Any use of the singular or plural, or the masculine, feminine, or neuter gender, includes the others, unless the context otherwise
requires; including means including without limitation; or means and/or; any
means any one, more than one, or all; and, unless otherwise specified, any financial or accounting term has the meaning
of the term under United States generally accepted accounting principles as consistently applied heretofore by the Company Group.

(d)Unless otherwise specified, any reference to any agreement (including this Agreement), instrument, or other document includes all
schedules, exhibits, or other attachments referred to therein, and any reference to a statute or other law includes any rule, regulation,
ordinance, or the like promulgated thereunder, in each case, as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time.
Any reference to a numbered schedule means the same-numbered section of the disclosure schedule.

73

(e) If any action is required to be taken or notice is required to be given within a specified number of days following a specific
date or event, the day of such date or event is not counted in determining the last day for such action or notice. If any action is required
to be taken or notice is required to be given on or before a particular day which is not a Business Day, such action or notice shall be
considered timely if it is taken or given on or before the next Business Day.

(f)Captions are not a part of this Agreement, but are included for convenience, only.

(g)For the avoidance of any doubt, all references in this Agreement to the knowledge or best knowledge
of the Company or Company Group, or similar terms shall be deemed to include the actual or constructive (e.g., implied by Law) knowledge
of the Key Personnel.

13.13Third Party Beneficiaries. Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof confers any benefit or right upon or may be enforced
by any Person not a signatory hereto; provided, however, that the D&O Indemnified Persons and the past, present and future directors,
managers, officers, employees, incorporators, members, partners, stockholders, Affiliates, agents, attorneys, advisors and representatives
of the parties, and any Affiliate of any of the foregoing (and their successors, heirs and representatives), are intended third-party
beneficiaries of, and may enforce Section 7.8.

13.14Waiver. Reference is made to the final IPO prospectus of the Parent, dated November 8, 2024 (the Prospectus).
The Company Group has read the Prospectus and understand that the Parent has established the Trust Account for the benefit of the public
shareholders of the Parent and the underwriters of the IPO pursuant to the Investment Management Trust Agreement and that, except for
a portion of the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Parent may disburse monies from the Trust Account only
for the purposes set forth in the Investment Management Trust Agreement. For and in consideration of the Parent agreeing to enter into
this Agreement, the Company Group hereby agree that he, she or it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or
to any monies in the Trust Account and hereby agrees that he, she or it will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any claim
it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with the Parent.

13.15 Non-Recourse.
Any Action based upon, arising out of, or related to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby may only be brought
against, the entities that are expressly named as parties hereto and then only with respect to the specific obligations set forth
herein with respect to such party. No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, member, partner,
stockholder, Affiliate, agent, attorney, advisor or representative or Affiliate of any named party to this Agreement and no past,
present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, member, partner, stockholder, Affiliate, agent, attorney, advisor or
representative or Affiliate of any of the foregoing shall have any liability (whether in contract, tort, equity or otherwise) for
any one or more of the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements or other obligations or liabilities of any one or more of
the Company or Purchaser under this Agreement of or for any Action based on, arising out of, or related to this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby.

[The remainder of this page intentionally left
blank; signature pages to follow]

74

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

Parent: 

A SPAC III ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s/ Claudius Tsang

Name: Claudius Tsang

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Signature Page to Agreement

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

Company:

BIOSERICA INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

By: /s/ Guo Min Zhou

Name: Guo Min Zhou

Title: Director

Signature Page to Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>aspcu-20250124.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>aspcu-20250124_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>aspcu-20250124_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, with no par value, and one right to receive one-tenth of one Class A ordinary share 

Class A ordinary shares included as part of the units 

Rights included as part of the units 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>aspcu-20250124_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 24, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 24, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42401

Entity Registrant Name ASPAC III Acquisition Corp.

Entity Central Index Key 0001890361

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code D8

Entity Address, Address Line One The Suns Group Center

Entity Address, Address Line Two 29th Floor

Entity Address, Address Line Three 200 Gloucester Road,

Entity Address, City or Town Wan Chai

Entity Address, Country HK

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code N/A

City Area Code 852

Local Phone Number 95833199

Written Communications true

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, with no par value, and one right to receive one-tenth of one Class A ordinary share 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, with no par value, and one right to receive one-tenth of one Class A ordinary share

Trading Symbol ASPCU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class A ordinary shares included as part of the units 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary shares included as part of the units

Trading Symbol ASPC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Rights included as part of the units 

Title of 12(b) Security Rights included as part of the units

Trading Symbol ASPCR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ASPCU_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareWithNoParValueAndOneRightToReceiveOnetenthOfOneClassOrdinaryShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ASPCU_ClassOrdinarySharesIncludedAsPartOfUnitsMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ASPCU_RightsIncludedAsPartOfUnitsMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
4 
25 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://aspacIIIacquisitioncorp.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

aspcu-20250124.xsd 
aspcu-20250124_def.xml 
aspcu-20250124_lab.xml 
aspcu-20250124_pre.xml 
ea0228397-8k425_aspac3.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-007066-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ea0228397-8k425_aspac3_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001890361 

2025-01-24 
2025-01-24 

0001890361 

ASPCU:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareWithNoParValueAndOneRightToReceiveOnetenthOfOneClassOrdinaryShareMember 

2025-01-24 
2025-01-24 

0001890361 

ASPCU:ClassOrdinarySharesIncludedAsPartOfUnitsMember 

2025-01-24 
2025-01-24 

0001890361 

ASPCU:RightsIncludedAsPartOfUnitsMember 

2025-01-24 
2025-01-24 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001890361 
ASPAC III Acquisition Corp. 
00-0000000 
8-K 
2025-01-24 
D8 
001-42401 
The Suns Group Center 
29th Floor 
200 Gloucester Road, 
Wan Chai 
HK 
N/A 
852 
95833199 
true 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, with no par value, and one right to receive one-tenth of one Class A ordinary share 
ASPCU 
NASDAQ 
Class A ordinary shares included as part of the units 
ASPC 
NASDAQ 
Rights included as part of the units 
ASPCR 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>