<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-009153.txt : 20250305
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-009153.hdr.sgml : 20250305
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250305081533
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-009153
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250228
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250305
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250305

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Agape ATP Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001713210
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HEALTH SERVICES [8000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				364838886
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41835
		FILM NUMBER:		25708933

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1705-1708 LEVEL 17, TOWER 2, FABER TOWER
		STREET 2:		JALAN DESA BAHAGIA, TAMAN DESA
		CITY:			KUALA LUMPUR
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			58100
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(603) 27325716

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1705-1708 LEVEL 17, TOWER 2, FABER TOWER
		STREET 2:		JALAN DESA BAHAGIA, TAMAN DESA
		CITY:			KUALA LUMPUR
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			58100
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000171321000017132102025-02-282025-02-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D)

OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report: February 28, 2025

AGAPE
ATP CORPORATION

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-41835 36-4838886

(State
or other jurisdiction (Commission (IRS
Employer

of
incorporation) File
Number) Identification
No.)

1705 - 1708, Level 17, Tower 2, Faber Towers,
Jalan Desa Bahagia,

Taman
Desa, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia58100

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

+(60)192230099

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share ATPC NASDAQ
Capital Market

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On
February 28, 2025, Agape ATP Corporation (the Company) entered into certain subscription agreements (the Subscription
Agreements) with certain non-U.S. investors, providing for the sale and issuance of 46,000,000 shares of the Companys common
stock, par value US$0.0001 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of US$23,000,000, at a price of US$0.50 per share, payable to the
Company in Renminbi at an agreed exchange rate of US$1.00 to RMB7.2501, in reliance on the registration exemptions provided under Regulation
S of the Securities Act (the Private Placement).

Pursuant
to the Subscription Agreement, the Company shall, as soon as practicable but in no event later than 45 calendar days from the date of
the Subscription Agreements, prepare and file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) a Registration
Statement covering the resale of all registrable securities issued in connection with the Private Placement. The closing of the Private
Placement is expected to occur within thirty (30) business days, subject to agreement otherwise between the parties. Immediately prior
to the Private Placement, the Company had a total of 4,005,381shares
of common stock issued and outstanding. Immediately after the closing of the Private Placement, the Company is expected to have a total
of 50,005,381shares
of common stock issued and outstanding.

The
foregoing summary of the Subscription Agreements is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of the Subscription
Agreements, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

On
March 5, 2025, the Company published a press release announcing the Private Placement, a copy of which is attached herein as Exhibit
99.1.

Item
3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information provided in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is hereby incorporated by reference in this Item 3.02.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit
Index

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Form
of Subscription Agreement dated February 28, 2025.

99.1 Press
Release dated March 5, 2025.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

2

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

AGAPE
ATP CORPORATION

Date:
March 5, 2025 By: /s/
How Kok Choong

Name:
How
Kok Choong

Title: Chief
Executive Officer, President, Director, Secretary and Treasurer (Principal Executive Officer)

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SUBSCRIPTION
AGREEMENT

This
SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated as of February 28, 2025, is made between Agape ATP Corporation, a
company incorporated with limited liability in the State of Nevada, United States of America (US or U.S.)
(the Company), and the subscriber set forth in the signature pages (the Signature Pages) attached
hereto (the Subscriber). The Subscriber is sometimes referred to as the Investor. Each of the Subscribers
and Company shall collectively be referred to as the Parties, and each, a Party.

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
the Subscriber desires to subscribe for and purchase, and the Company desires to issue and sell, pursuant to Rule 903 of Regulations
(Regulation S) as promulgated by the U.S Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act (as defined
below), certain number of shares of common stock, par value US$0.0001 per share, (Common Stock) pursuant to the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

WHEREAS,
the Company and the Subscriber are executing and delivering this Agreement in accordance with and in reliance upon the exemption from
securities registration afforded by Regulation S.

WHEREAS,
the Subscriber is a non-US person as defined in Regulation S, subscribing for the Subscription Shares solely for its own
account for the purpose of investment.

WHEREAS,
before the Registration Period Start Date (as defined hereunder), the Company is entering into various other Regulation S subscription
agreements of substantially the same form as this Agreement (the Other Subscription Agreements and together with
this Agreement, the Subscription Agreements) with certain other Regulation S investors (the Other Subscribers
and together with Subscriber, the Subscribers), pursuant to which such investors have agreed to purchase other Subscriptions
Shares (as defined herein) (the Other Subscription Shares), and together with the Subscription Shares (together
with the Other Subscription Shares, the Aggregate Subscription Shares), an aggregate amount of up to 46,000,000
shares of Common Stock of the Company at the Purchase Price as defined below of US$0.50 per share payable in Renminbi at the Currency
Exchange Rate of RMB7.2501 to US$1.00.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth herein, as
well as other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each of the Parties hereto,
intending to be legally bound, agrees as follows:

ARTICLE
I DEFINITIONS

1.1
Certain Defined Terms. For the purposes of this Agreement, save as elsewhere defined:

Affiliate
means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Business
Day means any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or any other day on which banks are required or authorized by Law to be closed
in the U.S., or Malaysia.

Control
(including Controlled by and under common Control with) means with respect to the relationship between or
among two or more Persons, the possession of the power to direct or cause the direction of the affairs or management of a Person, whether
through the ownership of a majority of the outstanding voting securities, or having the right to appoint a majority of the members of
the board of directors, or as trustee, personal representative or executor, by contract, credit arrangement or otherwise.

1

Currency
Exchange Rate means US$1 = RMB7.2501.

Exchange
Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Governmental
Authority means any U.S. or non-U.S. federal, national, supranational, state, provincial, local or similar government, taxation,
governmental, regulatory or administrative authority, agency or commission or any court, tribunal, or judicial or arbitral body.

Law
means any U.S. or non-U.S. federal, national, supranational, state, provincial, local or similar statute, law, ordinance, regulation,
rule, code, order, requirement or rule of law (including common law).

Material
Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition or prospects of the
Company or its subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or instruments
to be entered into in connection herewith.

MYR
means Malaysian Ringgit.

Common
Stock means the shares of common stock, par value US$0.0001 per share, in the share capital of the Company.

Purchase
Price means US$0.50 per share of Common Stock, payable in RMB calculated based on the Currency Exchange Rate.

Person
means any individual, partnership, firm, corporation, limited liability company, association, trust, unincorporated organization or other
entity.

RMB
means Renminbi.

Securities
Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

SEC
Documents means all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, for the two years preceding the date hereof
(or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material), and the foregoing materials, including
the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein.

SEC
means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Transaction
Document means, collectively, this Agreement and each of the other documents entered into or delivered by the parties hereto or
their respective Affiliates in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

US$
or $ means the United States Dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of America.

2

1.2
Interpretation and Rules of Construction. In this Agreement, except to the extent otherwise provided or that the context otherwise
requires:

(a)
when a reference is made in this Agreement to an Article, Section, Exhibit or Schedule, such reference is to an Article or Section of,
or an Exhibit or Schedule to, this Agreement unless otherwise indicated;

(b)
the table of contents and headings in this Agreement are inserted for reference purposes only and do not affect in any way the meaning
or interpretation of this Agreement;

(c)
whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they are deemed
to be followed by the words without limitation;

(d)
the words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import, when used in this Agreement,
refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement;

(e)
whenever the word day is used in this Agreement, it shall be deemed to refer to a calendar day;

(f)
all terms defined in this Agreement have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant
to this Agreement, unless otherwise defined therein;

(g)
the definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms;

(h)
any Law defined or referred to herein or in any agreement or instrument that is referred to herein means such Law or statute as from
time to time amended, modified or supplemented, including by succession of successor Laws;

(i)
references to a Person are also to its successors and permitted assigns; and

(j)
the use of or is not intended to be exclusive unless expressly indicated otherwise.

ARTICLE
II

PURCHASE
AND SALE; CLOSING

2.1
Subscription and Issuance of Common Stock. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, at Closing (as defined below),
the Subscriber hereby agrees to subscribe for and purchase, and the Company hereby agrees to issue and sell to the Subscriber the number
of shares of Common Stock set forth on the Signature Page (the Subscription Shares) at the Purchase Price with the
aggregate Purchase Price set forth on the Signature Page.

2.2
Closing of Share Subscription. Subject to satisfaction or, to the extent permissible, waiver by the Party or Parties entitled
to the benefit of the relevant conditions, of all the conditions (other than conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at Closing,
but subject to the satisfaction or, to the extent permissible, waiver of those conditions at Closing), the closing of the sale and purchase
of the Subscription Shares pursuant to this Section 2.2 (the Closing) shall take place remotely by electronic means
within thirty (30) Business Days as may be agreed by the Subscriber and the Company in writing (the Closing Date).

3

2.3
Closing Deliveries. At the Closing, the following shall occur:

(a)
the Subscriber shall deliver or cause to be delivered a fully completed, executed and dated Subscription Agreement and shall pay, or
cause to be paid, the aggregate Purchase Price to the Company by wire transfer of immediately available funds in RMB or such other currency
as mutually agreed in writing by the Parties, to such bank account as designated in writing by the Company on the Closing Date;

(b)
the Company shall deliver to the Subscriber the Subscription Shares in book entry form upon the clearing of transfer of the aggregate
Purchase Price;

(c)
The Subscriber acknowledges and understands that (a) the Subscription Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act, or applicable
U.S. state securities laws, (b) that the Subscription Shares are deemed to be restricted securities under the Securities
Act and applicable U.S. state securities laws and (c) the purchase of the Subscription Shares is taking place in a transaction not involving
a public offering or U.S. Persons. Furthermore, the Subscriber is aware and understands that any resale inconsistent with the Securities
Act may create liability on the Subscribers part and/or the part of the Company, and agrees not to assign, sell, pledge, transfer
or otherwise dispose of or transfer any such Subscription Shares, unless registered under the Securities Act and applicable U.S. state
securities laws, or an opinion is given by counsel satisfactory to the Company that such registration is not required. The Company will
issue the Subscription Shares purchased by the Subscriber in the name of the Subscriber and in such denominations to be specified by
the Subscriber prior to the Closing. The Subscription Shares will bear the following legend (the Legend), and appropriate
stop transfer instructions:

THESE
SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSIONER OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND,
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE
SECURITIES ACT.

THESE
SECURITIES ARE BEING OFFERED TO INVESTORS WHO ARE NOT U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND WITHOUT REGISTRATION
WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT IN RELIANCE UPON REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT. TRANSFER OF THESE SECURITIES IS PROHIBITED, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION. HEDGING
TRANSACTIONS MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.

ARTICLE
III

Representations
and Warranties of the Company

3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed
a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding
section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Subscriber:

(a)
Subsidiaries. As at the date of this Agreement, the only subsidiaries of the Company are as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(a)
The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all or a majority of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and
clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully
paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

4

(b)
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned
by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could
not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise)
of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in
any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material
Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking
to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no
further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys shareholders in connection herewith or therewith
other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been
(or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will
constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as
limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
including, but not limited to the registration rights provided by Article V of this Agreement do not and will not (i) conflict with or
violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational
or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become
a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to
others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice,
lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise)
or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary
is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation,
order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary
is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary
is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect.

5

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings
required pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission pursuant to the Registration Rights set out in Article V of
this Agreement, (iii) the notice and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities
and the listing of the Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and (iv) the filing of Form D with the Commission
if so required and such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required
Approvals).

(f)
Issuance of the Securities. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable
Transaction Documents and recorded in the Companys register of members, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable,
free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents.

(g)
Capitalization. The Company is authorized to issue 500,000,000 shares of common stock and 200,000,000 shares of preferred stock
of par value US$0.0001 each and, as of the date hereof, 4,005,381 shares of common stock are issued and outstanding. All of such issued
and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company are fully paid and nonassessable. Except as waived prior to the date hereof, (A)
no shares of common stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights or any Liens suffered or permitted
by the Company; (B) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character
whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, any shares of common stock of the
Company or any of the Subsidiaries, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries
is or may become bound to issue additional shares of common stock of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, or options, warrants or
scrip for rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into
or exercisable or exchangeable for, any shares of common stock of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, other than any equity awards
issued pursuant to the Companys equity incentive plans; (C) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or
any of the Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of their securities under the 1933 Act (except the Registration Rights
set out in Article V of this Agreement ); (D) there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries
that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the
Company or any of the Subsidiaries is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company and no other shareholder or similar agreement
to which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is a party; (E) there are no securities or instruments containing anti-dilution or similar
provisions that will or may be triggered by the issuance of the Shares; and (F) the Company does not have any share appreciation rights
or phantom share plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement.

(h)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(h), the Company has filed all reports, schedules,
forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant
to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by
law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference
therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension
of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates,
the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and
none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. The Company has never been subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements of the Company included
in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission
with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States
generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except
as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not
contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated
Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the
case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

6

(i)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables
and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be
reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company
has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property
to its shareholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares and (v) the Company has not issued
any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans. The Company does
not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities
contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably
expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations,
assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this
representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation
is made.

(j)
Litigation. There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of
the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court,
arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)(collectively, an
Action). None of the Actions adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of
the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject
of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary
duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission
involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other
order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the
Securities Act.

7

(k)
Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships with their employees
are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to be, in violation
of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non- competition
agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of
each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing
matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating
to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance
could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l)
Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that
has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor
has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture,
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound
(whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator
or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational
health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m)
No Disqualification Events. With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the
Securities Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of
the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity
securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act)
connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer
Covered Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(l)(i) to (viii)
under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2)
or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification
Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the
Subscribers a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder. The Company will notify the Subscribers in writing, prior to the Closing Date
of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, reasonably
be expected to become a Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person.

(n)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports,
except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit.

8

(o)
Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them
and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment
of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and the payment of which
is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

(p)
Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights
and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which
the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None
of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights
has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within six (6) from the date of this
Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within
the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe
upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge
of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any
of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy,
confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q)
Insurance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance
coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business
without a significant increase in cost.

(r)
Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company
or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to
any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract,
agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to
or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director
or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
interest or is an officer, director, trustee, shareholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of US$100,000 other than for (i)
payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii)
other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(s)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. Except as disclosed in SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance
with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof, and
any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as
of the Closing Date. Except as disclosed in SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls
sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific
authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and
to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific
authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate
action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls
and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The
Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the
Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation
Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying
officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since
the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange
Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control
over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

9

(t)
Certain Fees. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor
or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents. The Subscribers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other
Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents.

(u)
Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Subscribers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no
registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Subscribers as contemplated
hereby. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

(v)
Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities,
will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(w)
Registration Rights. Except as set out in Article V of this Agreement, no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary
to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(x)
Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The shares of common stock of the Company are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g)
of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating
the registration of the shares of common stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission
is contemplating terminating such registration. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(x), the Company has not, in the 12 months
preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the shares of common stock are or have been listed or quoted
to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company
is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance
requirements. The shares of common stock of the Company are currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company
or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such
other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

10

(y)
Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order
to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or other similar anti- takeover provision under the Companys articles of association or the laws of its state of incorporation
that is or could become applicable to the Subscribers as a result of the Subscribers and the Company fulfilling their obligations or
exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of
the Securities and the Subscribers ownership of the Securities.

(z)
Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Subscribers or their agents or
counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company understands
and confirms that the Subscribers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All
of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Subscribers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective
businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct and does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company
during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of
the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Subscriber makes
or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set
forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(aa)
No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Subscribers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of any
such securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of
the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(bb)
Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt
by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds
the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known
contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its
business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements
of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii)
the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after
taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when
such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature
(taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any
facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization
laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness
means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of US$200,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the
ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others,
whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties
by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z)
the present value of any lease payments in excess of US$200,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

11

(cc)
Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all applicable United States federal, state and
local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject,
(ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on
such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material
taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no
basis for any such claim.

(dd)
No General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities
by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Subscribers and
certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

(ee)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any
agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(ff)
Accountants. The Companys accounting firms are set forth on Schedule 3.1(ff) of the Disclosure Schedules. To the
knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act.

(gg)
No Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers. There are no disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated
by the Company to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company and the Company
is current with respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers which could affect the Companys ability to perform any
of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents.

12

(hh)
Acknowledgment Regarding Subscribers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Subscribers
is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Subscriber is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any
similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Subscriber
or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
is merely incidental to the Subscribers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Subscriber that the
Companys decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation
of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ii)
Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any
of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities
of the Company.

(jj)
Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(kk)
Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(ll)
Other Covered Persons. The Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been or will be
paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities.

(mm)
Due Execution. The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and any other Transaction Document to which the Company
is a party, the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and thereunder, and the consummation by the Company of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby have been or will be on or prior to the Closing Date duly authorized by all requisite action on the part
of the Company. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company, and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery
by the Subscriber) this Agreement constitutes, and upon their execution the Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party shall
constitute, legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective
terms.

(nn)
Non-U.S. Transaction. Neither the Company nor its authorized persons has engaged, nor will engage, in any directed selling efforts
to a U.S. Persons (as defined Rule 902 of Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act) with respect to the Subscription Shares
and the Company and its authorized persons has complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirements of
Regulation S. The transactions contemplated hereby have not been pre-arranged with a buyer located in the United States or with a U.S.
Person, and are not part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Neither the Company nor its
authorized persons has undertaken or carried out any activity for the purpose of, or that could reasonably be expected to have the effect
of, conditioning the market in the United States, its territories or possessions, for any of the Subscription Shares. The Company agrees
not to cause any advertisement of the Subscription Shares to be published in any newspaper or periodical or posted in any public place
and not to issue any circular relating to the Subscription Shares, except such advertisements that include the statements required by
Regulation S, and only offshore and not in the U.S. or its territories, and only in compliance with any local applicable securities laws.

13

ARTICLE
IV

Representations
and Warranties of the Subscriber

4.1
Representations and Warranties of the Subscribers.
Each Subscriber, for itself and for no other Subscriber, hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date
to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a)
Organization; Authority. Such Subscriber is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance
by such Subscriber of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Subscriber. Each Transaction Document to
which it is a party has been duly executed by such Subscriber, and when delivered by such Subscriber in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Subscriber, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

(b)
Understandings or Arrangements. Such Subscriber is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct
or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this
representation and warranty not limiting such Subscribers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement
or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Subscriber understands that the Securities are restricted
securities and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring such
Securities as principal for his, her or its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any
part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any
of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement
or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities
Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty not limiting such Subscribers right to sell such
Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such
Subscriber is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(c)
[Reserved].

14

(d)
Experience of Such Subscriber. Such Subscriber, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Subscriber is able to bear the economic risk of
an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e)
General Solicitation. Such Subscriber is not, to such Subscribers knowledge, purchasing the Securities as a result of any
advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media
or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of such Subscriber, any other general solicitation
or general advertisement.

(f)
Access to Information. Such Subscriber acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including
all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed
necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the
Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition,
results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the
opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that
is necessary to make an informed investment decision regarding the transactions contemplated hereunder.

(g)
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Subscriber has
not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Subscriber, directly or indirectly executed any
purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Subscriber
first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the case of a Subscriber that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of
such Subscribers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio
managers managing other portions of such Subscribers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect
to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this
Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Subscribers representatives, including, without limitation,
its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Subscriber has maintained the confidentiality
of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction).

(h).
Independent Investment Decision. Such Subscriber has independently evaluated the merits of its decision to purchase Shares pursuant
to the Transaction Documents, and such Subscriber confirms that it has not relied on the advice of any other Subscribers business
and/or legal counsel in making such decision. Such Subscriber understands that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented
by or on behalf of the Company to the Subscriber in connection with the purchase of the Securities constitutes legal, tax or investment
advice. Such Subscriber has consulted such legal, tax and investment advisors as it, in its sole discretion, has deemed necessary or
appropriate in connection with its purchase of the Securities.

(i).
Acknowledgment of Risks. Such Subscriber acknowledges and understands that its investment in the Securities involves a significant
degree of risk, including, without limitation: (i) an investment in the Company is speculative, and only Subscribers who can afford the
loss of their entire investment should consider investing in the Company and the Securities; (ii) such Subscriber may not be able to
liquidate its investment; (iii) transferability of the Securities is extremely limited; (iv) in the event of a disposition of the Securities,
such Subscriber could sustain the loss of its entire investment; (v) the Company has not paid any dividends on its shares of common stock
since inception and does not anticipate the payment of dividends in the foreseeable future; (vi) the foregoing risks are more fully set
forth in the SEC Reports; and (vii) that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has
passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities
nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

15

(j).
No Governmental Review. Such Subscriber understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental
agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in
the Securities nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

(k).
Transfer or Resale. Such Subscriber understands that, except as provided in the Registration Rights Agreement, (i) the Securities
have not been and are not being registered under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws, and may not be offered for sale, sold, assigned
or transferred unless (A) subsequently registered thereunder, (B) such Subscriber shall have delivered to the Company an opinion of counsel,
in a generally acceptable form, to the effect that such Securities to be sold, assigned or transferred may be sold, assigned or transferred
pursuant to an exemption from such registration, or (C) such Subscriber provides the Company with reasonable assurance that such Securities
have been or can be sold, assigned or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule thereto);
and (ii) neither the Company nor any other Person is under any obligation to register the Securities under the 1933 Act or any state
securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder other than pursuant to the Registration Rights
Agreement.

(l).
Brokers and Finders. No Person (as defined above) will, to such Subscribers knowledge, have, as a result of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, any valid right, interest or claim against or upon the Company or any other Subscriber for any commission,
fee or other compensation pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding entered into by or on behalf of the Subscriber. The
purchase of Securities by such Subscriber has not been solicited by or through anyone other than the Company.

(m).
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by each such Subscriber of the Transaction Documents and the consummation
by Subscriber of the transactions contemplated thereby will not (i) in the case that Subscriber is a corporation, partnership, limited
liability company or other entity, result in a violation of the organizational documents of Subscriber, (ii) conflict with, or constitute
a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination,
amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which such Subscriber is a party, or (iii) result
in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws) applicable to such
Subscriber, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for such conflicts, defaults, rights or violations which would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of such Subscriber to perform its obligations
hereunder.

(o).
Representations by Non-United States Persons. Each Subscriber represents and warrants to the Company as follows: (i) Subscriber
is not a U.S. person as that term is defined under Rule 902 of Regulation S; (ii) at the time the purchase was originated, Subscriber
was outside the United States and is outside of the United States as of the date of the execution and delivery of this Agreement; (iii)
Subscriber is purchasing the Shares for its own account and not on behalf of any U.S. person, and the sale has not been pre-arranged
with a purchaser in the United States. The Subscriber hereby further represents that the Subscriber has satisfied the laws of the Subscribers
jurisdiction in connection with any invitation to subscribe for the Securities or any use of the Transaction Documents, including (i)
the legal requirements within the Subscribers jurisdiction for the purchase of the Securities, (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions
applicable to such purchase, (iii) any governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained and (iv) the income tax and other
tax consequences, if any, that may be relevant to the purchase, holding, redemption, sale or transfer of the Securities. The Subscribers
subscription and payment for, and the Subscribers continued beneficial ownership of, the Securities will not violate any applicable
securities or other laws of the Subscribers jurisdiction.

16

(p).
No Disqualification Events. To Subscribers knowledge, neither (i) the Subscriber, (ii) any of its directors, executive
officers, other officers that may serve as a director or officer of any company in which it invests, general partners or managing members,
nor (iii) any beneficial owner of the Companys voting equity securities (in accordance with Rule 506(d) of the Securities Act)
held by the Subscriber is subject to any Disqualification Event, except for Disqualification Events covered by Rule 506(d)(2)(ii) or
(iii) or (d)(3) under the Securities Act and disclosed reasonably in advance of the Closing in writing in reasonable detail to the Company.

(q).
Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Such Subscriber represents and warrants to, and covenants with, the Company that: (i) such Subscriber
is in compliance with the regulations administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury (Treasury) Office of Foreign
Assets Control; (ii) such Subscriber, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliated companies, officers, directors and partners, and to such
Subscribers knowledge, its shareholders, owners, employees, and agents, are not on the List of Specially Designated Nationals
and Blocked Persons maintained by Treasury and have not been designated by Treasury as a financial institution of primary money laundering
concern subject to special measures under Section 311 of the USA PATRIOT Act, Pub. L. 107-56; (iii) to such Subscribers knowledge,
the funds to be used to acquire the Securities are not derived from activities that contravene applicable anti-money laundering laws
and regulations; (iv) such Subscriber is in compliance in all material respects with applicable anti money laundering laws and regulations
and has implemented anti money laundering procedures that are designed to comply with applicable anti- money laundering laws and regulations,
including, as applicable, the requirements of the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act, Pub. L. 107 56; and (v) to the
best of its knowledge none of the funds to be provided by such Subscriber are being tendered on behalf of a person or entity who has
not been identified to the Company by such Subscriber.

4.2
Non-Political Figure. To the best of the
Subscribers knowledge, none of (i) the Subscriber, (ii) any person controlling or controlled by the Subscriber, (iii) if the Subscriber
is a privately-held entity, any person having a beneficial interest in the Subscriber; or (iv) any person for whom the Subscriber is
acting as agent or nominee in connection with this investment is a senior foreign political figure1, a special interest person2,
or any immediate family member3 or close associate4 of a senior foreign political figure, as such terms are defined
in the footnotes below.

1A
senior foreign political figure is defined as a senior official in the executive, legislative, administrative, military
or judicial branches of a foreign government (whether elected or not), a senior official of a major foreign political party, or a senior
executive of a foreign government- owned corporation. In addition, a senior foreign political figure includes any corporation,
business or other entity that has been formed by, or for the benefit of, a senior foreign political figure.

2A
special interest person shall be any individual who is alleged to have been
involved in a criminal activity that falls under the following categories: corruption, financial
crime, trafficking, organized crime, terror, tax crime.

3Immediate
family of a senior foreign political figure typically includes the figures parents, siblings, spouse, children and in-laws.

4A
close associate of a senior foreign political figure is a person who is widely and publicly known to maintain an unusually
close relationship with the senior foreign political figure and includes a person who is in a position to conduct substantial domestic
and international financial transactions on behalf of the senior foreign political figure.

17

4.3
Non-U.S. Transaction. The Company may only
make offers to sell the Subscription Shares to persons outside the United States in this offering and, if applicable, at the time any
buy order is originated, the buyer is outside the United States. The Subscriber has not received an offer to purchase Subscription Shares
inside the United States and will not originate a buy order inside the United States. The Subscriber has not received, and is not aware
of, any advertisement in a publication with a general circulation in the United States (as described in Rule 902 of Regulation S) that
refers to the offering and sale of the Subscription Shares.

4.4
Due Execution. The execution and delivery
by the Subscriber of this Agreement and any other Transaction Document to which the Subscriber is a party, the performance by the Subscriber
of its obligations hereunder and thereunder and the consummation by the Subscriber of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
have been or will be on or prior to the Closing Date duly authorized by all requisite action on the part of the Subscriber. This Agreement
has been duly executed and delivered by the Subscriber, and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Company) this
Agreement constitutes, and upon their execution the Transaction Documents to which the Subscriber is a party shall constitute, legal,
valid and binding obligations of the Subscriber, enforceable against the Subscriber in accordance with their respective terms.

4.5
Proportionate Commitment. The Subscribers
overall commitment to investments that are not readily marketable is not disproportionate to the Subscribers net worth and the
Subscribers investment in the Company will not cause such overall commitment to become excessive. The Subscriber has adequate
net worth and means of providing for current needs and personal contingencies to sustain a complete loss of the Subscribers investment
in the Company, and the Subscriber has no need for liquidity in this investment.

4.6
Truth and Accuracy. The Company and the other
subscribers are relying on the truth and accuracy of the declarations, representations and warranties herein made by the Subscriber.
Accordingly, the foregoing representations and warranties and undertakings are made by the Subscriber with the intent that they may be
relied upon in determining his/her suitability as a subscriber. The Subscriber agrees that such representations and warranties shall
survive the acceptance of the Subscriber, and the Subscriber indemnifies and agrees to hold harmless, the Company and each other subscriber
from and against all damages, claims, expenses, losses or actions resulting from the untruth of any of the warranties and representations
contained in this Agreement.

4.7
Consents and Approvals. The execution, delivery
and performance by the Subscriber of this Agreement does not and will not require any consent, approval, authorization or other order
of, action by, filing with, or notification to, any Governmental Authority. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company to
the Subscriber of this Agreement does not and will not require any consent, approval, authorization or other order of, action by, filing
with, or notification to, any Governmental Authority. The Subscriber is not acting on behalf of, or for the benefit for, nor does it
intend to transfer the Subscription Shares to any party that will require any consent, approval, authorization or other order of, action
by, filing with, or notification to, any Governmental Authority.

18

4.8
Notice. The foregoing representations and
warranties are true as of the date of this Agreement and shall be true as of the date the Company issues and sells Subscription Shares
to the Subscriber. If such representations and warranties shall not be true in any respect prior to such date, the Subscriber will give
prompt written notice of such fact to the Company.

ARTICLE
V

Registration
Rights

5.1
Initial Mandatory Registration. The Company
shall prepare, and, as soon as reasonably practicable, but in no event later than forty-five (45) calendar days (the Initial
Filing Deadline), file with the SEC a Registration Statement covering the resale of the Registrable Securities for an offering
to be made on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 or, if Rule 415 is not available for offers and sales of the Registrable Securities,
by such other means of distribution of Registrable Securities as the Subscribers may reasonably specify, in respect of which the Company
may use a registration statement on Form S-3 (or any successor short form registration statement available for such resale that permits
incorporation by reference at least to the same extent as such form) or, if a registration statement on Form S-3 is not then available
to the Company, on such form of registration statement as is then available to effect a registration for resale of the Registrable Securities.
The initial Registration Statement prepared pursuant hereto (Initial Registration Statement) shall register for
resale at least the number of Registrable Securities as determined as of the date the Initial Registration Statement is initially filed
with the SEC (subject to subsequent reduction if directed by the staff of the SEC). The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to have the Initial Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC as soon as reasonably practicable, and, other than with respect
to Grace Periods, shall use commercially reasonable efforts to have the Initial Registration Statement remain continuously effective
under the 1933 Act until such date on which there are no longer any Registrable Securities covered by such Initial Registration Statement.

Registrable
Securities means, as of any date of determination, (a) all shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Subscription Agreements,
and (b) any securities issued or then issuable upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution, recapitalization or similar event
with respect to the foregoing; provided, however, that any such Registrable Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities (and
the Company shall not be required to maintain the effectiveness of any, or file another, Registration Statement hereunder with respect
thereto) for so long as (a) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such Registrable Securities is declared effective by
the SEC under the Securities Act and such Registrable Securities have been disposed of by the holder of the Registrable Securities in
accordance with such effective Registration Statement, (b) such Registrable Securities have been previously sold in accordance with Rule
144, or (c) such securities become eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and without current public information
pursuant to Rule 144 as set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed, delivered and acceptable to the Companys
transfer agent and the affected holder of the security (assuming that such securities and any securities issuable upon exercise, conversion
or exchange of which, or as a dividend upon which, such securities were issued or are issuable, were at no time held by any Affiliate
(as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Company, as reasonably determined by the Company,
upon the advice of counsel to the Company.

5.2
Ineligibility for Form S-3. In the event that Form S-3 is not available for the registration of the resale of any Registrable
Securities hereunder, the Company shall file a required Registration Statement on Form S-1.

5.3
Sufficient Number of Shares Registered. In the event the number of shares available under a Registration Statement filed pursuant
to Section 5.1 is insufficient to cover all of the Registrable Securities required to be covered by such Registration Statement, the
Company shall promptly inform each Subscriber whose Registrable Securities are not fully covered by such Registration Statement and,
as soon as reasonably practicable, amend the applicable Registration Statement, or file a new Registration Statement (on the short form
available therefor, if applicable), or both, so as to cover Registrable Securities consisting of at least that number of shares of common
stock equal to 100% of the number of Registrable Securities as of two (2) trading days immediately preceding the date of the filing of
such amendment or new Registration Statement. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such amendment and/or new
Registration Statement to become effective as soon as reasonably practicable following the filing thereof. For purposes of the foregoing
provision, the number of shares available under a Registration Statement shall be deemed insufficient to cover all of the Registrable
Securities if as of any date of determination, the number of Ordinary Shares available for resale under the Registration Statement
is less than 100% of the number of Registrable Securities.

19

5.4
Related Obligations. At such time as the Company is obligated to file a Registration Statement with the SEC pursuant to Article
V the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the
intended method of disposition thereof and, pursuant thereto, the Company shall have the following obligations:

a.
The Company shall promptly prepare and file with the SEC a Registration Statement with respect to the applicable Registrable Securities
(but in no event later than the applicable Initial Filing Deadline) and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Registration
Statement relating to the Registrable Securities to become effective as soon as reasonably practicable after such filing. The Company
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to respond to written comments received from the SEC upon a review of a Registration Statement
within fourteen (14) Business Days. If the Company is notified by the SEC that such Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will
not be subject to further review and the effectiveness of such Registration Statement may be accelerated, the Company shall, subject
to Section 3(c), file with the SEC a request for acceleration of effectiveness in accordance with Rule 461 promulgated under the 1933
Act within five (5) Business Days after the date that the Company is so notified by the SEC. Except if a Grace Period is in effect, the
Company shall keep each Registration Statement effective pursuant to Rule 415 at all times until the earlier of (i) the date as of which
all of the Subscribers may sell all of the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 144 or an applicable
exemption from registration under the 1933 Act without limitation, restriction or condition (including any current public information
requirement) thereunder, (ii) the date on which the Subscribers have sold all of the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration
Statement in accordance with such Registration Statement or pursuant to Rule 144 and (iii) the date that all Registrable Securities have
ceased to be Registrable Securities (the Registration Period).

b.
The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to a Registration
Statement and the Prospectus used in connection with such Registration Statement, as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement
effective at all times during the Registration Period, and, during such period, comply with the provisions of the 1933 Act with respect
to the disposition of all Registrable Securities of the Company covered by such Registration Statement during the Registration Period.
In the case of amendments and supplements to a Registration Statement which are required to be filed pursuant to this Agreement (including
pursuant to this Section) by reason of the Company filing a report on Form 8-K, Form 10- Q, Form 10-K or any analogous report under the
1934 Act, the Company shall have incorporated such report by reference into such Registration Statement, if applicable, or shall file
such amendments or supplements with the SEC.

c.
The Company shall, upon request, (A) permit Subscriber to review and comment upon (i) the Initial Registration Statement at least two
(2) Business Days prior to its filing with the SEC, and (ii) all other Registration Statements and all amendments and supplements to
all Registration Statements (except for annual reports on Form 10-K, and current reports on Form 8-K, and any similar or successor reports)
within two (2) Business Days prior to their filing with the SEC, and (B) not file any document, registration statement, amendment or
supplement described in the foregoing clause (A) in a form to which Subscriber reasonably objects.

20

d.
The Company shall furnish to each Subscriber, upon request, without charge, such documents, including copies of any Prospectus (preliminary,
final, summary or free writing), as such Subscriber may reasonably request from time to time in order to facilitate the disposition of
the Registrable Securities owned by such Subscriber.

e.
The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) register and qualify, unless an exemption from registration and qualification
applies, the resale by the Subscribers of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement under the securities or applicable
state blue sky or state securities laws (Blue Sky) laws of all applicable jurisdictions in the United States, (ii)
prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations
and qualifications as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration Period, (iii) take such other actions
as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during the Registration Period and (iv)
take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Registrable Securities for sale in such jurisdictions or obtain
exemptions from the registration and qualification requirements of such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall
not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (x) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not
otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section, (y) subject itself to general taxation in any jurisdiction, or (z) file a general
consent to service of process in any jurisdiction in which it is not currently so qualified or subject to general taxation or has not
currently so consented. The Company shall promptly notify Subscriber of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to
the suspension of the registration or qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of the Registrable Securities for sale under
the securities or Blue Sky laws of any jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threatening
of any proceeding for such purpose.

f.
The Company shall notify Subscriber of the happening of any event, as promptly as reasonably practicable after becoming aware of such
event, as a result of which, in the case of a Registration Statement, it includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omission
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading and, in the case of
the Prospectus included in a Registration Statement, it includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omission to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading which information shall be accompanied by an instruction to suspend the use of the Registration Statement and the
Prospectus until the requisite changes have been made (provided that in each notice the Company shall not disclose any material non-public
information to any Subscriber unless otherwise requested in writing by such Subscriber which Subscriber agrees in writing to hold such
information in confidence until such time as it is disclosed in the Companys sole discretion). The Company shall also promptly
notify Subscriber and each Subscriber in writing (i) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment has been
filed, and when a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment has become effective (promptly providing written notice of such
effectiveness to each Subscriber), (ii) of any request by the SEC for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or related
Prospectus or related information and (iii) of the Companys reasonable determination that a post-effective amendment to a Registration
Statement would be appropriate.

g.
The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness
of a Registration Statement (other than during an Allowable Grace Period, as defined below), or the suspension of the qualification of
any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction and, if such an order or suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal
of such order or suspension at the earliest possible time and to notify Subscriber of the issuance of such order or suspension and the
resolution thereof or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose.

21

h.
The Company shall hold in confidence and not make any disclosure of information concerning an Subscriber provided to the Company unless
(i) disclosure of such information is necessary to comply with federal or state securities laws, (ii) the disclosure of such information
is necessary to avoid or correct a misstatement or omission in any Registration Statement, (iii) the release of such information is ordered
pursuant to a subpoena or order from a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction, or (iv) such information has been made generally
available to the public other than by disclosure in violation of this Agreement or any other agreement.

i.
The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause all the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement to
be listed on each securities exchange or trading market on which securities of the same class or series issued by the Company are listed,
and with the same CUSIP. For the avoidance of doubt, and subject to Section 5, the Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection
with satisfying its obligation under this Section.

j.
The Company shall provide a transfer agent and registrar for all such Registrable Securities not later than the effective date of the
applicable Registration Statement.

k.
The Company shall otherwise use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC in connection
with any registration hereunder.

l.
Promptly after a Registration Statement which covers applicable Registrable Securities is declared effective by the SEC, the Company
shall deliver to the transfer agent for such Registrable Securities (and provide written notice to the Subscribers whose Registrable
Securities are included in such Registration Statement) confirmation that such Registration Statement has been declared effective by
the SEC; provided that if the Company changes its transfer agent, it shall immediately deliver any previously delivered notices
under this Section and any subsequent notices to such new transfer agent.

22

m.
Grace Period.

i.
Following the effectiveness of such Registration Statement (and the filings with any federal or state securities commissions), the Company,
by written notice to the Subscribers, may direct the Subscribers to suspend sales of the Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration
Statement for such times as the Company reasonably may determine is necessary and advisable (a Grace Period), if
any of the following events shall occur (each, a Grace Period Event):

(1) there
is material non-public information regarding the Company which (A) the Company determines not to be in the Companys best interest
to disclose, (B) would, in the good faith determination of the Company, require any revisions to the Registration Statement so that
it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and (C) which the Company
is not otherwise required to disclose;

(2) there
is a significant bona fide business opportunity (including, but not limited to, the acquisition or disposition of assets (other than
in the ordinary course of business), including any significant merger, consolidation, tender offer or other similar transaction)
available to the Company which the Company determines not to be in the Companys best interest to disclose; or

(3) 

the
Company is required to file a post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement to incorporate
the Companys quarterly or annual reports or audited financial statements on Form 8-K,
Form 10-Q or Form 10-K.

ii.
The Company shall (A) promptly provide written notice to the Subscribers of the occurrence giving rise to a Grace Period and the date
on which the Grace Period will begin (a Grace Period Notice), and (B) as soon as such date may be determined, promptly
provide written notice to the Subscribers of the date on which the Grace Period ends (an End of Grace Period Notice).

iii.
Any Grace Period Notice shall state that such Grace Period shall continue only for so long as the Grace Period Event or its effect is
continuing and that the Company is taking all reasonable steps to terminate suspension of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement
as promptly as possible. The Subscribers shall not affect any sales of the Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement
(or such filings) at any time after it has received a Grace Period Notice from the Company and prior to receipt of an End of Grace Period
Notice. The Subscribers may recommence effecting sales of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement (or such
filings) receipt of an End of Grace Period Notice from the Company, which notice shall be given by the Company promptly following the
conclusion of any Grace Period Event.

iv.
No Grace Period shall (A) exceed ninety (90) consecutive days, (B) during any three hundred sixty-five (365) day period, exceed an aggregate
of one hundred eighty (180) days, and (C) have its first day occur less than ten (10) trading days after the last day of any prior Grace
Period (the Allowable Grace Period). For purposes of determining the length of a Grace Period above, the Grace Period
shall begin on and include the date the Subscribers receive a Grace Period Notice and shall end on and include the later of the date
the Subscribers receive the End of Grace Period Notice and the date referred to in such notice. The provisions of Section 3(f) hereof
shall not be applicable during the period of any Allowable Grace Period. Upon expiration of the Grace Period, the Company shall again
be bound by the first sentence of Section 3(f) with respect to the information giving rise thereto unless such material non-public information
is no longer applicable.

v.
Upon the earlier to occur of (A) the Company delivering to the Subscribers an End of Grace Period Notice or (B) the end of the maximum
permissible Grace Period, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to promptly amend or supplement the Registration
Statement on a post-effective basis, if necessary, or to take such action as is necessary to make resumed use of the Registration Statement
compatible with the Companys best interests, as applicable, so as to permit the Subscribers to resume sales of the Registrable
Securities as soon as possible.

23

n.
The Company shall enter into such customary agreements and take such other actions as any of the Subscribers or underwriters, if any,
may reasonably request in order to expedite and facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement.

5.5.
Obligations of the Subscribers.

a.
The Companys obligation to include Registrable Securities in any Registration Statement or amendment including a post-effective
amendment, shall be subject to the Subscriber furnishing to the Company in writing such information regarding the Subscriber and the
distribution of the Subscribers Registrable Securities as the Company may reasonably request, including the completion and execution
of a customary selling shareholders questionnaire; provided that such information is reasonably necessary for the Company to consummate
such registration and shall be used only in connection with such registration. If the Subscriber fails to provide all of the information
required by this Section, including but not limited to returning the fully completed selling shareholders questionnaire to the
Company not later than the later of (i) five (5) Business Days after delivery to the Subscriber by the Company of the form of questionnaire
and (ii) five (5) Business Days prior to the anticipated filing date of the Registration Statement, the Company shall have no obligation
to include its Registrable Securities in the Registration Statement or, if the Company has elected in its sole discretion to include
such Registrable Securities in the Registration Statement before it has received such executed questionnaire (which it shall not be required
to do), it may withdraw the Subscribers Registrable Securities from the Registration Statement without incurring any liability
to the Subscriber in connection therewith.

b.
Each Subscriber, by such Subscribers acceptance of the Registrable Securities, agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably
requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of any Registration Statement hereunder, unless such Subscriber
has notified the Company in writing of such Subscribers election to exclude all of such Subscribers Registrable Securities
from such Registration Statement.

c.
Each Subscriber agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section
5.4(m), such Subscriber will discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to any Registration Statement(s) covering such
Registrable Securities until such Subscribers receipt of the copies of the supplemented or amended Prospectus contemplated by
Section 3(f) or receipt of notice from the Company in writing that no supplement or amendment is required or that the Allowable Grace
Period has ended.

d.
The Subscriber agrees that during such time as it may be engaged in the distribution of Registrable Securities, it will comply with all
laws applicable to such distribution, including Regulation M promulgated under the Exchange Act, and, to the extent required by such
laws, will, among other things, not engage in any stabilization activities in connection with the shares of common stock in contravention
of such laws.

5.6
Expenses of Registration. All expenses, other than underwriting discounts and commissions, incurred in connection with registrations,
filings or qualifications pursuant to Article V, including all registration, listing, Blue Sky and qualifications fees, printers and
accounting fees, and fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, as well as all other costs and expenses incurred in connection
with the Companys compliance with its obligations under this Agreement, shall be paid by the Company. Each Subscriber shall pay
all fees and disbursements, legal fees of its counsel and all underwriting discounts and commissions, broker or similar fees and transfer
taxes, if any, relating to the sale or disposition of such Subscribers Registrable Securities.

24

ARTICLE
VI

Tax
Matters

6.1
Tax Liabilities Related to the Subject Transaction. Each of the Company and the Subscriber agrees that each Party shall be liable
for its own tax liabilities arising from the subject transaction.

6.2
Tax Cooperation and Information Exchange. The Parties agree that they will cooperate with each other in relation to tax matters,
and each Party shall provide the other Party with the relevant information requested by the other Party in order for the other Party
to complete its necessary tax filing or audit, determine liability for taxes and right to a tax refund, and perform any other tax-related
work.

ARTICLE
VII

Conditions
to Closing

7.1
Conditions to Obligations of the Parties. The obligations of each of the Company and the Subscriber to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall be subject to the fulfillment or written waiver by the other Party of each of the following conditions:

(a)
All Required Governmental Approvals shall have been obtained. For the avoidance of doubt, the Required Governmental Approvals mentioned
in this Section 7.1(a) shall not include any post- Closing registrations.

(b)
There has been no rule under applicable Laws or judgment, injunction, order or decree that prohibits the consummation of the Closing,
or substantively increases the costs of the Company or the Subscriber in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

7.2
Conditions to Obligations of the Company. The obligations of the Company to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
shall be subject to the fulfillment or written waiver by the Company, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following conditions:

(a)
The representations and warranties of the Subscriber contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct when made in all material
respects and shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing, with the same force and effect as if made at the Closing
(except to the extent that such representations and warranties were made as of other date, in which case such representations and warranties
shall have been true and correct as of such date).

(b)
Where the Subscriber is an entity, the Subscriber shall have delivered to the Company a copy of a resolution of the board of directors
of the Subscriber (certified by a duly appointed officer as true and correct) authorizing the execution of and the performance by the
Subscriber of its obligations under this Agreement and the Transaction Documents.

(c)
The Subscriber shall have performed all of its covenants and agreements required by this Agreement to be so performed by it, prior to
or on the Closing, and where the Subscriber is an entity, the Company shall have received a certificate of the Subscriber signed by a
duly authorized officer thereof certifying the matters set forth in this Section 7.2.

7.3
Conditions to Obligations of the Subscriber The obligations of the Subscriber to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement shall be subject to the fulfillment or written waiver by the Subscriber at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following
conditions:

(a)
The representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct when made in all material respects
and shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing, with the same force and effect as if made at the Closing (except
to the extent that such representations and warranties were made as of other date, in which case such representations and warranties
shall have been true and correct as of such date).

(b)
The Company shall have performed all of its covenants and agreements required by this Agreement to be so performed by it, prior to or
on the Closing.

25

ARTICLE
VIII

Termination

8.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing,

(a)
by the Subscriber if:

(i)
any event or circumstance has occurred that would cause any of the conditions set forth in Section 7.3 not to be satisfied; or

(ii)
any representation or warranty made by the Company in this Agreement has been untrue or inaccurate in any material respect, or any covenant
required to be fulfilled prior to the Closing fails to be fulfilled substantively, or the Company fails to comply with any of its covenants
or agreements that would cause any of the conditions set forth in Section 7.3(a) not to be satisfied and such breach has not been cured
by the Company within thirty (30) days upon giving of written notice of such breach by the Subscriber;

(b)
by the Company if:

(i)
any event or circumstance has occurred that would cause any of the conditions set forth in Section 7.2 not to be satisfied; or

(ii)
any representation or warranty made by the Subscriber in this Agreement has been untrue or inaccurate in any material respect, or any
covenant required to be fulfilled prior to the Closing fails to be fulfilled substantively, or the Subscriber fails to comply with any
of its covenants or agreements that would cause any of the conditions set forth in Section 7.2 not to be satisfied and such breach has
not been cured by the Subscriber within thirty (30) days upon giving of written notice of such breach by the Company;

(c)
by either the Company or the Subscriber, if the Closing shall not have occurred by March 31, 2025; provided, however, that the right
to terminate this Agreement under this Section 8.1(c) shall not be available to either Party whose failure to fulfill any obligation
under this Agreement shall have been the cause of, or shall have resulted in, the failure of the Closing to occur on or prior to such
date;

(d)
by either the Company or the Subscriber, if any Governmental Authority shall have issued any order, decree, decision or shall have taken
any other action, and such order, decree, decision or action that would enjoin or otherwise prohibit the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement shall have become final and non- appealable; or

(e)
by the mutual written consent of the Company and the Subscriber.

8.2
Effect of Termination. In the event of termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 8.1(d) or (e), this Agreement shall
forthwith become void and there shall be no liability on the part of either Party hereto unless otherwise set forth in this Agreement
or agreed by the Parties. Nothing herein shall relieve either party hereto from liability for any breach of this Agreement and the defaulting
Party shall be liable to the other Party for its losses.

26

ARTICLE
IX

Indemnification

9.1
Indemnification.

(a)
Indemnification by the Company. From and after the Closing Date and subject to Section 9.3, the Company shall indemnify and hold
the Subscriber, its Affiliates and their respective directors, officers, agents, successors and assigns (the Subscriber Indemnitees)
harmless from and against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, judgments, fines, obligations, cost and expenses, including but not
limited to any investigative, legal and other expenses (collectively, Losses) incurred by any Subscriber Indemnitee
as a result of or arising out of: (i) breach of any representation or warranty of the Company contained in Article III; or (ii) violation
or nonperformance, partial or total, of any covenant or agreement of the Company contained in this Agreement.

(b)
Indemnification by the Subscriber. From and after the Closing Date and subject to Section 10.8, the Subscriber shall indemnify
and hold the Company, its Affiliates and their respective directors, officers, agents, successors and assigns (the Company
Indemnitees) harmless from and against any Losses incurred by any Company Indemnitee as a result of or arising out of: (i)
breach of any representation or warranty of the Subscriber contained in Article IV; or (ii) violation or nonperformance, partial or total,
of any covenant or agreement of the Subscriber contained in this Agreement.

9.2
Procedures Relating to Indemnification.

(a)
Any party seeking indemnification under Section 9.1 (an Indemnified Party) shall promptly give the Party from whom
indemnification is being sought (an Indemnifying Party) notice of any matter which such Indemnified Party has determined
has given or would reasonably be expected to give rise to a right of indemnification under this Agreement stating in reasonable detail
the factual basis of the claim to the extent known by the Indemnified Party, and containing a reference to the provisions of this Agreement
in respect of which such right of indemnification is claimed or arises; provided that the failure to provide such notice shall
not release the Indemnifying Party from any of its obligations under this Article IX except to the extent the Indemnifying Party is materially
prejudiced by such failure. With respect to any recovery or indemnification sought by an Indemnified Party from the Indemnifying Party
that does not involve a Third Party Claim, if the Indemnifying Party does not notify the Indemnified Party within thirty (30) days from
its receipt of the notice from the Indemnified Party that the Indemnifying Party disputes such claim, the Indemnifying Party shall be
deemed to have accepted and agreed with such claim. If the Indemnifying Party has disputed a claim for indemnification (including any
Third Party Claim), the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party shall proceed in good faith to negotiate a resolution to such dispute.
If the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party cannot resolve such dispute in thirty (30) days after delivery of the dispute notice
by the Indemnifying Party, such dispute shall be resolved by arbitration pursuant to Section 10.10.

(b)
If an Indemnified Party shall receive notice of any claim or demand asserted by a third party (each, a Third Party Claim)
against it or which may give rise to a claim for Loss under this Article IX, within thirty (30) days of the receipt of such notice, the
Indemnified Party shall give the Indemnifying Party notice of such Third Party Claim; provided that the failure to provide such
notice shall not release the Indemnifying Party from any of its obligations under this Article IX except to the extent that the Indemnifying
Party is materially prejudiced by such failure. If the Indemnifying Party acknowledges in writing its obligation to indemnify the Indemnified
Party hereunder against any Losses that may result from such Third Party Claim, then the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to assume
and control the defense of such Third Party Claim at its expense and through counsel of its choice if it gives notice of its intention
to do so to the Indemnified Party within fifteen (15) days of the receipt of such notice from the Indemnified Party; provided that
that if there exists or is reasonably likely to exist a conflict of interest that would make it inappropriate in the judgment of the
Indemnified Party in its sole and absolute discretion for the same counsel to represent both the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying
Party, then the Indemnified Party shall be entitled to retain its own counsel in each jurisdiction for which the Indemnified Party determines
counsel is required, at the Indemnifying Partys expense. In the event that the Indemnifying Party exercises the right to undertake
any such defense against any such Third Party Claim as provided above, the Indemnified Party shall cooperate with the Indemnifying Party
in such defense and make available to the Indemnifying Party, at the Indemnifying Partys expense, all witnesses, pertinent records,
materials and information in the Indemnified Partys possession or under the Indemnified Partys control relating thereto
as is reasonably required by the Indemnifying Party. Similarly, in the event the Indemnified Party is, directly or indirectly, conducting
the defense against any such Third Party Claim, the Indemnifying Party shall cooperate with the Indemnified Party in such defense and
make available to the Indemnified Party, at the Indemnifying Partys expense, all such witnesses, records, materials and information
in the Indemnifying Partys possession or under the Indemnifying Partys control relating thereto as is reasonably required
by the Indemnified Party. No such Third Party Claim may be settled by the Indemnifying Party without the prior written consent of the
Indemnified Party.

27

9.3
Limitation on Liability. Absent fraud, intentional misrepresentation or willful breach, the maximum aggregate liabilities of the
Indemnifying Party in respect of Losses suffered by the Indemnified Parties pursuant to Section 9.1(a) or 9.2(b) shall not in any event
be greater than the aggregate Purchase Price.

ARTICLE
X

General
Provisions

10.1
Expenses. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all costs and expenses, including fees and disbursements of counsel,
financial advisors and accountants, incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall
be borne by the Party incurring such costs and expenses, whether or not the Closing shall have occurred.

10.2
Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
given or made (and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made upon receipt) by delivery in person, by courier service, by facsimile
or via registered mail to the respective parties hereto. Notices to the Subscriber will be directed to the address of the Subscriber
set forth on the Signature Page of this Agreement and notices to the Company will be directed to the following address:

Agape
ATP Corporation

Lot
1705-1708, 17th Floor, Tower 2,

Faber
Towers, Jalan Desa Bahagia, Taman Desa,

58100
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.

Attention: 

Email:

With
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Sichenzia
Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185
6th Ave 31st fl, New York, NY 10036, United States

Attention:
Huan Lou, Esq.

Email:

10.3
Public Announcements. The Subscriber will not make (and will use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that its Affiliates and
representatives do not make) any news release or public disclosure with respect to this Agreement and any of the transactions contemplated
hereby, without first consulting with the Company and, in each case, also receiving the Companys consent (which shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed); provided that in the event the Subscriber is advised by its outside legal counsel that a particular disclosure
is required by Law, it shall be permitted to make such disclosure but shall be obligated to use its reasonable best efforts to consult
with the Company and take its comments into account with respect to the content of such disclosure before issuing such disclosure. Each
of the Parties hereto shall comply with the requirements on disclosure of interests under the securities exchange laws and regulations
of the U.S.

28

10.4
Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any Law or
public policy, all other terms and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect for so long as the
economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any
Party hereto. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the Parties
hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the Parties hereto as closely as
possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are consummated as originally
contemplated to the greatest extent possible.

10.5
Entire Agreement; Conflict. This Agreement and other Transaction Documents constitute the entire agreement of the Parties hereto
with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and covenants, both written and oral, between
the Company and the Subscriber with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. In case of any conflict between the provisions
of this Agreement and those of any other Transaction Documents, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail.

10.6
Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns, which will become the new parties hereto. Without the express written consent of the Company and the Subscriber
(such consent shall be granted or withheld by the Company or the Subscriber in its own discretion), this Agreement shall not be assigned
by operation of Law or otherwise.

10.7
Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except (a) by an instrument in writing signed by, or on behalf of, Company
and Subscriber; or (b) by a waiver in accordance with Section 10.7.

10.8
Waiver. Either Party to this Agreement may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of
the other Party; (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the other Party contained herein or in any document
delivered by the other Party pursuant to this Agreement; or (c) waive compliance with any of the agreements of the other Party or conditions
to such obligations contained herein. Any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed
by any Party to be bound thereby. Any waiver of any term or condition shall not be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach or
a subsequent waiver of the same term or condition, or a waiver of any other term or condition of this Agreement. The failure of any Party
hereto to assert any of its rights hereunder shall not constitute a waiver of any of such rights. All rights and remedies existing under
this Agreement are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.

10.9
No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their
respective successors and permitted assigns and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other person
any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever, except as expressly provided in this Agreement.

10.10
Governing Law; Arbitration. This Agreement and all questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation
of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of New York without giving effect to any
choice or conflict of law provision or rule thereof. Each of the Company and the Subscriber hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the United States federal and state courts located in New York, New York, with respect to any dispute arising under the Transaction
Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby.

10.11
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile) in one or more counterparts, and by the Parties
hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall
constitute one and the same agreement.

[The
remainder of this page intentionally left blank; Signature Page to follow]

29

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each Subscriber and the Company have caused their respective signature page to this Subscription Agreement to be
duly executed as of the date first written above.

SUBSCRIBER:

Name:

Address:

Email
address: 

Number
Of Shares of Common Stock Subscribed For: 

Purchase
Price Per Share: 

Aggregate
Purchase Price: 

[Signature
Page to Subscription Agreement]

30

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each Subscriber and the Company have caused their respective signature page to this Subscription Agreement to be
duly executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

AGAPE
ATP CORPORATION

By: 

Name: How
Kok Choong

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

[Signature
Page to Subscription Agreement]

31

Disclosure
Schedules

32
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

PRESS
RELEASE

For Immediate Distribution 

Agape ATP Corporation Announces Key USD23.0 Million Private Placement
to Institutional Investors

Strategic funding to accelerate ATPCs expansion in healthcare,
oil & gas, and renewable energy sectors

KUALA
LUMPUR, 5 MARCH 2025 NASDAQ-listed AGAPE ATP Corporation (ATPC) today announced that it has entered
into agreements for a $23 million (USD) private placement with institutional investors. This strategic funding will support ATPCs
continued expansion in healthcare, oil & gas trading, and renewable energy, reinforcing the companys commitment to innovation,
sustainability, and long-term market leadership.

Under
the terms of the agreements, 46 million shares of common stock will be issued at USD 0.50 per share, in accordance with Regulation
S of the U.S. Securities Act, which governs offerings to non-U.S. investors. The placement has been secured through subscription
agreements with 18 institutional investors. The transaction is expected to close within 30 business days, subject to the satisfaction
of conditions precedent and regulatory procedures.

This
announcement comes at a pivotal time for ATPC, as the company continues to expand its global presence across key industries. In the energy
sector, ATPC recently signed a strategic partnership with Swiss One Oil & Gas AG to facilitate large-scale fuel procurement,
including EN590 10PPM diesel and Jet Fuel A1, marking a significant step into the oil and gas trading market.

Prof Dato Sri Dr How Kok Choong,
the Founder and Global Group CEO of ATPC stated, This private placement marks an important milestone
in ATPCs growth journey. The participation of institutional investors reflects confidence in our business strategy and long-term
potential. With our expansion into oil & gas trading, solar energy, and our continued commitment to healthcare and wellness solutions,
this investment will accelerate our ability to execute on key projects, strengthen our operational capabilities, and enhance shareholder
value.

Following
this transaction, ATPCs total issued shares will increase from 4,005,381 to 50,005,381. The shares issued will be subject to a
registration statement filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) within 45 days, ensuring compliance
with regulatory requirements.

With
this announcement, ATPC reinforces its commitment to financial strength, sustainable business growth, and long-term shareholder value.
The company remains focused on leveraging strategic investments to enhance its market leadership and capitalize on opportunities in high-growth
sectors.

###

Page
1 of
2

About
AGAPE ATP Corporation

Agape ATP Corporation (ATPC) is dedicated to enhancing the quality
of life and promoting sustainable development. With a strong foundation built on two core business pillars, ATPC specialises in the provision
of health and wellness products that caters to the diverse needs of its customers, ensuring their well-being and vitality. Additionally,
ATPC delivers comprehensive energy-saving solutions that empower companies to drive sustainability initiatives, reduce energy consumption,
and achieve their sustainability goals.

For
more information, visit www.agapeatpgroup.com.

Issued
By: Koa International Sdn. Bhd. on behalf of Agape ATP Corporation

For
more information, please contact: 

Jazzmin
Wan

Tel:
+60 17-289 4110

Email:
j.wan@swanconsultancy.biz

Mandy
Tan

Tel:
+60 16-477 2257

Email:
m.tan@swanconsultancy.biz

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENT

Certain statements contained in this press release about future expectations,
plans, and prospects, as well as any other statements regarding matters that are not historical facts, may constitute forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements include, but are not limited
to, statements relating to the expected benefits and outcomes of the partnerships announced by AGAPE ATP Corporation (ATPC)
and the potential for medical innovations and healthcare advancements through these collaborations. The words anticipate,
believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend,
may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, target,
will, would, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all
forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve
risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from the Companys expectations discussed in the forward-looking
statements. These statements are subject to uncertainties and risks including, but not limited to, the Companys ability to execute
its strategies, manage growth, and maintain its corporate culture; the Companys future business development, financial conditions,
and results of operations; expectations regarding demand for and market acceptance of our products and services; changes in technology;
economic conditions; reputation and brand; the impact of competition and pricing; government regulations; fluctuations in general economic
and business conditions in Malaysia and the international markets the Company plans to serve, and assumptions underlying or related to
any of the foregoing and other risks contained in reports filed by the Company with the SEC. For these reasons, among others, investors
are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements in this press release. Any forward-looking statements contained
in this press release speak only as of the date hereof, and AGAPE ATP Corporation specifically disclaims any obligation to update any
forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law.

Page
2 of
2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1_1.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1_2.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>atpc-20250228.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>atpc-20250228_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>atpc-20250228_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 28, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41835

Entity Registrant Name AGAPE
ATP CORPORATION

Entity Central Index Key 0001713210

Entity Tax Identification Number 36-4838886

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 1705 - 1708, Level 17, Tower 2, Faber Towers

Entity Address, Address Line Two Jalan Desa Bahagia

Entity Address, Address Line Three Taman
Desa

Entity Address, City or Town Kuala Lumpur

Entity Address, Country MY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 58100

City Area Code +(60)

Local Phone Number 192230099

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol ATPC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://atpc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

atpc-20250228.xsd 
atpc-20250228_lab.xml 
atpc-20250228_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-009153-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001713210 

2025-02-28 
2025-02-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001713210 
8-K 
2025-02-28 
AGAPE ATP CORPORATION 
NV 
001-41835 
36-4838886 
1705 - 1708, Level 17, Tower 2, Faber Towers 
Jalan Desa Bahagia 
Taman Desa 
Kuala Lumpur 
MY 
58100 
+(60) 
192230099 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
ATPC 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>