<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-075871.txt : 20250408
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-075871.hdr.sgml : 20250408
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250408170906
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-075871
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250407
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250408
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250408

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001232524
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				981032470
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			L2
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33500
		FILM NUMBER:		25822792

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FIFTH FLOOR, WATERLOO EXCHANGE
		STREET 2:		WATERLOO ROAD
		CITY:			DUBLIN
		STATE:			L2
		ZIP:			4
		BUSINESS PHONE:		353-1-634-7800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FIFTH FLOOR, WATERLOO EXCHANGE
		STREET 2:		WATERLOO ROAD
		CITY:			DUBLIN
		STATE:			L2
		ZIP:			4

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JAZZ PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030513
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d901769d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

Jazz Pharmaceuticals plcfalse000123252400012325242025-04-072025-04-07

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 7, 2025

JAZZ PHARMACEUTICALS PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Ireland 001-33500 98-1032470

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File No.) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

Fifth Floor, Waterloo Exchange, Waterloo Road, Dublin 4, Ireland

D04 E5W7

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

011-353-1-634-7800

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Ordinary shares, nominal value $0.0001 per share JAZZ The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

As Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc (the Company) has previously disclosed, a number of complaints, including, from June 2020 to September 2020, several complaints styled as class actions and, from March 2021 to May 2022, several additional complaints, were filed on behalf of purported direct and indirect Xyrem purchasers, alleging that the Companys actions leading up to, and entering into, patent litigation settlement agreements with generic drug manufacturers who had filed abbreviated new drug applications (ANDAs and such filers, ANDA filers), violate U.S. state and federal antitrust, consumer protection and unfair competition laws. This group of cases was consolidated for multidistrict litigation (MDL) proceedings before the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (the Court) in December 2020. 

On April 7, 2025, Jazz Pharmaceuticals Ireland Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a preliminary class settlement agreement (the preliminary class settlement agreement) with the class of indirect Xyrem purchasers to settle all claims of participating class members against the Company with respect to the Companys actions leading up to, and entering into, patent litigation settlement agreements with the ANDA filers. 

Pursuant to the preliminary class settlement agreement, which was entered into with counsel representing the class representatives, the Company has agreed to pay a total of $145 million in a lump sum. The Company plans to use cash on hand to fund the preliminary class settlement agreements obligations. The Company expects to record a pre-tax charge of approximately $145 million associated with this preliminary class settlement agreement in the first quarter of 2025. 

The preliminary class settlement agreement remains subject to court approval. The preliminary class settlement agreement, in which the Company denies all alleged wrongdoing, also includes specified releases by class members of the Company and its past, present and future affiliates, directors, officers, employees and other related parties, for all conduct concerning any of the matters alleged, or that could have been alleged, in the lawsuit. Plaintiffs who affirmatively opt out of the class will not be bound by the release and will not receive any settlement proceeds. Additionally, the preliminary class settlement agreement grants the Company the right to rescind the settlement agreement in the event an agreed upon percentage based on Xyrem purchases or payments made by potential class members that opt out. This settlement, if finalized on the agreed-upon terms, will resolve the majority of claims at issue in the MDL. If the preliminary class settlement agreement is not approved by the Court, or the Company terminates the preliminary class settlement agreement, the Company intends to defend against these claims vigorously. The Company also remains confident in its defenses to the other claims brought by plaintiffs described above, including that the patent settlement agreements at issue were and are pro-competitive, and intends to continue to vigorously defend against these claims. Nonetheless, in addition to the preliminary class settlement agreement, the Company may enter into one or more settlement agreements with additional remaining plaintiffs and any additional settlement payment obligations to be paid by the Company thereunder and related additional charges that it would record in connection therewith may be significant. 

9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) 

Exhibits. 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

10.1* Preliminary Settlement Agreement, dated April 7, 2025, by and between Jazz Pharmaceuticals Ireland Limited and the Class Plaintiffs named therein, individually and on behalf of the Proposed Settlement Class 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* 

Portions of this exhibit have been omitted because they contain information that is both not material and is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, all statements related to the preliminary class settlement agreement, as well as the expected amount and timing of the pre-tax charge in connection therewith, and the Companys ability to settle and/or defend against other related litigation and claims. These forward-looking statements are based on the Companys current plans, objectives, estimates, expectations and intentions and inherently involve significant risks and uncertainties. Do not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of these risks and uncertainties, which include, without limitation, objections to the preliminary class settlement agreement by third parties, the ability of the settlement parties to obtain court approval of the preliminary class settlement agreement, the number of plaintiffs that opt out of the preliminary class settlement agreement, whether approval of the preliminary class settlement agreement is appealed, the risk that the preliminary class settlement agreement may not have the expected impact or may require more activity or expense than expected, the risk that the Company may incur other charges or cash expenditures not currently contemplated due to unanticipated events that may occur, including in connection with the implementation of the preliminary class settlement agreement, the risk that the Company is unable to reach settlement agreements with plaintiffs in the MDL that are not party to the preliminary class settlement agreement, and other risks. These and other risks and uncertainties relating to the Company and its business can be found under the caption Risk Factors and elsewhere in the Companys Securities and Exchange Commission filings and reports, including the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year 

ended December 31, 2024, as well as future filings and reports by the Company. Except as required by law, the Company undertakes no duty or obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K as a result of new information, future events or changes in its expectations. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

JAZZ PHARMACEUTICALS PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY

By: 

/s/ Neena Patil

Name: Neena Patil

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer

Date: April 8, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d901769dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

CERTAIN INFORMATION IDENTIFIED BY [*] HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS 

EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE TYPE THAT THE 

REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL 

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 

NORTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA 

SAN FRANCISCO DIVISION 

IN RE: XYREM (SODIUM OXYBATE)

ANTITRUST
LITIGATION

Case No. 3:20-md-02966-RS-SVK

This Document Relates To:

End-Payor
Class Action

SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT 

THIS SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT (Settlement Agreement or the Settlement) is made and entered into as of April 7, 2025,
by and between (a) defendant Jazz Pharmaceuticals Ireland Limited (Jazz); and (b) plaintiffs A.F. of L. A.G.C. Building Trades Welfare Plan; City of Providence, Rhode Island; Government Employees Health Association,
Inc.; New York State Teamsters Council Health and Hospital Fund; Self-Insured Schools of California; and UFCW Local 1500 Welfare Fund (collectively, Class Plaintiffs), individually and on behalf of the Proposed Settlement Class (as
defined herein), together with Class Counsel (as defined herein). 

WHEREAS, Class Plaintiffs, both on their own behalf and on
behalf of the Proposed Settlement Class (as defined herein), assert claims in various federal judicial districts (Pre-Consolidation Complaints) that have been transferred to and consolidated as
part of In re Xyrem (Sodium Oxybate) Antitrust Litigation, No.
3:20-md-02966-RS-SVK (the Action), which is currently pending in front of
Chief Judge Richard G. Seeborg and Magistrate Judge Susan van Keulen, of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California (the Court); 

WHEREAS, Class Plaintiffs claims are detailed in the Consolidated Class Action Complaint filed in this Action on March 8,
2021 (ECF No. 62) (the Complaint); 

Page 1 of
28

WHEREAS, Jazz and its affiliates Jazz Pharmaceuticals Public Limited Company and Jazz
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Jazz Pharmaceuticals Public Limited Company and Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. referred to collectively herein as the Jazz Affiliate Defendants) have asserted defenses to Class Plaintiffs claims, deny each
and every one of Class Plaintiffs allegations of unlawful or wrongful conduct, deny that any conduct challenged by Class Plaintiffs caused any damage whatsoever, and deny all liability of any kind; 

WHEREAS, the Court certified a Damages Class of end-payors of Xyrem; certified an Injunctive Relief Class of consumers
and end-payors of Xyrem; appointed Class Plaintiffs as Damages Class Representatives; appointed Class Plaintiffs and Ruth Hollman as Injunctive Relief Class Representatives; appointed Dena C. Sharp of
Girard Sharp LLP and Michael M. Buchman of Motley Rice LLC as Co-Lead Counsel of the Damages Class and the Injunctive Relief Class, seeIn re Xyrem, No. 3:20-md-02966-RS-SVK (ECF No. 500); 

WHEREAS, Co-Lead Counsel and counsel for Jazz have engaged in arms length settlement
negotiations, including under the supervision of a private mediator, and have reached this Settlement Agreement, subject to Court approval, which embodies all the terms and conditions of the Settlement between Class Plaintiffs, both
individually and on behalf of the Proposed Settlement Class, and Jazz; 

WHEREAS, Co-Lead Counsel
have concluded, after over three years of extensive fact and expert discovery, and after carefully considering the circumstances of this Action, including the claims asserted in the Pre-Consolidation
Complaints and the Complaint and Jazz and the Jazz Affiliate Defendants defenses thereto, that it would be in the best interests of the Proposed Settlement Class to enter into this Settlement Agreement in order to avoid the uncertainties
of litigation and assure a benefit to the Proposed Settlement Class and further, that Co-Lead Counsel consider the Settlement to be fair, reasonable, and adequate within the meaning of Fed. R. Civ. P. 23,
and in the best interests of the Proposed Settlement Class; 

Page 2 of
28

WHEREAS, Jazz has concluded, despite its belief that it is not liable for the claims
asserted and that it has good defenses thereto, that it would be in its best interests to enter into this Settlement Agreement to avoid the risks and uncertainties inherent in complex litigation and for additional reasons which will benefit the
trade and business of Jazz; and 

WHEREAS, Class Plaintiffs and Jazz agree that this Settlement Agreement shall not be deemed or
construed to be an admission or evidence of any violation of any statute or law or of any liability or wrongdoing by Jazz or the Jazz Affiliate Defendants, or of the truth of any of the claims or allegations alleged in the Pre-Consolidation Complaints or in the Complaint. 

NOW THEREFORE, it is agreed by the undersigned Co-Lead Counsel, on behalf of Class Plaintiffs and the Proposed Settlement Class, on the one hand, and Jazz on the other, that this Action and all claims of Class Plaintiffs and the Proposed Settlement
Class be fully, finally, and forever settled, compromised, discharged, and dismissed with prejudice, without costs as to Class Plaintiffs, the Proposed Settlement Class, or Jazz or the Jazz Affiliate Defendants, subject to Court approval,
on the following terms and conditions: 

1. 

Definitions. 

1.1. 

Action has the meaning provided in the first WHEREAS clause. 

1.2. 

Administrative Expenses means costs for administering the Settlement, including without limitation
providing notice, maintaining the notice website, receiving and processing claims, analyzing purchase and sales data, and paying taxes and fees associated with maintaining the Escrow Account. 

1.3. 

ASO Clients has the meaning provided in Paragraph 1.23. 

Page 3 of
28

1.4. 

Class Counsel means any lawyer or law firm listed as counsel on a Pre-Consolidation Complaint, or that has appeared on behalf of a Class Plaintiff in the Action. 

1.5. 

Co-Lead Counsel means Dena C. Sharp of Girard Sharp LLP and
Michael M. Buchman of Motley Rice LLC. 

1.6. 

Complaint has the meaning provided in the second WHEREAS clause. 

1.7. 

Court has the meaning provided in the first WHEREAS clause. 

1.8. 

Claims Administrator means the entity appointed by the Court to provide notice to the Proposed
Settlement Class, process the claims submitted by Proposed Settlement Class Members, and carry out any other duties or obligations provided for by the Settlement. 

1.9. 

Class Period has the meaning provided in Paragraph 1.23. 

1.10. 

Class Plaintiffs has the meaning provided in the preamble. 

1.11. 

Class States has the meaning provided in Paragraph 1.23. 

1.12. 

Effective Date means the date on which all of the following have occurred: (i) the Settlement
is not terminated pursuant to paragraphs 16 or 17 below; (ii) the Settlement is approved by the Court as required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 23(e); (iii) the Court enters a final approval order, entering a final judgment of dismissal with prejudice
against Class Plaintiffs and Proposed Settlement Class Members who have not timely excluded themselves form the Proposed Settlement Class; and (iv) the period to appeal the final approval order has expired and/or all appeals have been
finally resolved affirming without material modification the final approval order and final judgment of dismissal with prejudice. 

Page 4 of
28

1.13. 

Escrow Account means the qualified settlement escrow account which holds the Settlement Fund.

1.14. 

Escrow Agent means the third party appointed by the Court responsible for managing and
administering the Escrow Account according to this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement. 

1.15. 

Fee and Expense Award means award(s) by the Court to
Co-Lead Counsel for the payment of all Class Counsels attorneys fees, reimbursement of reasonable costs, expenses, and service awards in connection with the prosecution of the Action,
including any interest accrued thereon. 

1.16. 

Jazz has the meaning provided in the preamble. 

1.17. 

Jazz Affiliate Defendants has the meaning provided in the third WHEREAS clause.

1.18. 

Notice Period has the meaning provided in Paragraph 3.7. 

1.19. 

Opt-Out means each Proposed Settlement Class Member
that timely and validly requests exclusion from the Proposed Settlement Class, including by providing the certifications and data described in Paragraph 3.6.b below unless otherwise approved by the Court. 

1.20. 

Opt-Out Period means the length of time between the date
notice is disseminated to the Proposed Settlement Class and the deadline for members of the Proposed Settlement Class to request exclusion from the Proposed Settlement Class. 

1.21. 

Potential Opt-Out has the meaning provided in Paragraph
17.1. 

1.22. 

Pre-Consolidation Complaints has the meaning provided in
the sixth WHEREAS clause. 

Page 5 of
28

1.23. 

Proposed Settlement Class means all entities that paid and/or provided reimbursement for some or
all of the purchase price for brand or generic Xyrem in Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Connecticut, District of Columbia, Florida, Hawaii, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri,
Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Oregon, Puerto Rico, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Utah, Vermont, West Virginia, and Wisconsin (Class States),
for consumption by their members, employees, insureds, participants, or beneficiaries, and other than for resale, during the time from January 1, 2017, through and until the date the Court enters an order granting preliminary approval of this
Settlement Agreement (Class Period). 

Excluded from the Proposed Settlement Class are:
(1) Jazz and its counsel, parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates; (2) federal and state governmental entities; (3) United HealthCare Services, Inc.; Humana Inc.; Molina Healthcare, Inc.; Health Care Service Corporation, Inc.; Aetna,
Inc.; Blue Cross Blue Shield of Florida, Inc.; and Health Options, Inc. (not excluded from the Proposed Settlement Class are so-called administrative services only customers of Humana Inc., Health Care Service Corporation, Inc.,
Aetna, Inc, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Florida, Inc., or Health Options, Inc., that were the subject of briefing leading up to, for example, ECF 855 in the Action (ASO Clients)); and (4) any
Opt-Out. For avoidance of doubt, included in the Proposed Settlement Class are cities, towns, municipalities, or counties, or carriers for Federal Employee Health Benefit plans. 

Page 6 of
28

1.24. 

Proposed Settlement Class Members means the members of the Proposed Settlement Class.

1.25. 

Released Claims means all past, present, or future liabilities, claims, demands, obligations,
suits, injuries, damages, levies, executions, judgments, debts, charges, actions, or causes of action, at law or in equity, whether class, individual, or otherwise in nature, and whether known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, suspected or
unsuspected, contingent or non-contingent, arising out of or relating to purchases of or reimbursements for brand or generic Xyrem or Xywav anywhere in the United States (including its territories and
possessions) at any time prior to the date the Court enters an order granting final approval (assuming that final approval is not overturned on appeal or the settlement is not terminated pursuant to the terms of this Settlement Agreement), that
arise under any (i) federal statute or (ii) state statute or common law, relating to or arising out of the facts, occurrences, transactions, or other matters alleged or asserted in the
Pre-Consolidation Complaints, the Complaint or in this Action, or that could have been alleged or asserted in this Action against the Releasees. For the avoidance of doubt, Released Claims are nationwide in
scope, without regard for where a purchase or reimbursement occurred, and Released Claims therefore encompass purchases and/or reimbursements for brand or generic Xyrem or Xywav in any and all states (and U.S. territories and possessions) including
but not limited to those listed in Paragraph 1.23 above. 

1.26. 

Releasees means Jazz and its past, present, and future parents, subsidiaries, affiliates (including
without limitation the Jazz Affiliate Defendants), officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, servants, representatives (and as applicable each of their past, present, and future officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, servants,
and representatives), and the predecessors, successors, heirs, executors, administrators, and representatives of each of the foregoing. 

Page 7 of
28

1.27. 

Releasors means Class Plaintiffs, the Proposed Settlement Class, the Proposed Settlement
Class Members (including without limitation the ASO Clients), and their respective past, present and future parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, servants, representatives (and as applicable each
of their past, present, and future officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, servants, and representatives), and the predecessors, successors, heirs, executors, administrators, and representatives of each of the foregoing.

1.28. 

Settlement Agreement or Settlement has the meaning provided in the preamble.

1.29. 

Settlement Amount means $145,000,000 (one hundred forty-five million U.S. dollars).

1.30. 

Unspent Settlement Fund means the Settlement Amount plus any interest accrued, minus any
Administrative Expenses previously disbursed from the Escrow Account. 

2. 

Reasonable Steps Necessary to Help Effectuate this Settlement. The parties and their counsel agree to
undertake all reasonable steps necessary to help effectuate the settlement, including undertaking all actions contemplated by and steps necessary to carry out the terms of this Settlement and to secure the prompt, complete, and final dismissal with
prejudice of all claims in this Action against Jazz and the Jazz AffiliateDefendants. Jazz agrees not to oppose Class Plaintiffs motions for preliminary or final approval of the Settlement.

Page 8 of
28

3. 

Motion for Preliminary Approval of the Settlement. Within fourteen (14) days of the execution of
the Settlement Agreement by all parties, Class Plaintiffs shall file a motion requesting preliminary approval of the Settlement and authorizing dissemination of notice to the Proposed Settlement Class. The motion for preliminary approval shall
include a proposed form of order that shall specifically:

3.1. 

seek a determination that certification of the Proposed Settlement Class solely for settlement purposes
under Fed. R. Civ. P. 23(a) and 23(b)(3) is likely; 

3.2. 

seek a determination that the Court is likely to approve the Settlement as fair, reasonable, and adequate
within the meaning of Fed. R. Civ. P. 23(e)(2); 

3.3. 

seek appointment of Class Plaintiffs as representatives of the Proposed Settlement Class;

3.4. 

seek appointment of Co-Lead Counsel to represent the Proposed
Settlement Class under Fed. R. Civ. P. 23(g); 

3.5. 

find that dissemination of notice to the Proposed Settlement Class is warranted; 

3.6. 

seek approval for a proposed plan of notice that complies with Rule 23 and due process, and seek approval of
short- and long-form notices, which shall: 

a. 

require any Proposed Settlement Class Member that wishes to seek exclusion from the Proposed Settlement
Class to submit, within the Opt-Out Period ordered by the Court, a certification reflecting the total dollar amount of brand and generic Xyrem for which it paid, purchased, or reimbursed during the Class
Period in the Class States, and itemized, transaction-by-transaction data relating to same; and 

Page 9 of
28

b. 

require a separate exclusion for each Proposed Settlement Class Member. Any entity that submits a request
to opt out a Proposed Settlement Class Member from the Proposed Settlement Class must (1) provide the information required in Paragraph 3.6.a for each such Proposed Settlement Class Member and (2) provide a declaration or
other similar statement from each Proposed Settlement Class Member executed specifically in connection with this Settlement, attesting to the entitys authority to opt the Proposed Settlement Class Member out of the Proposed
Settlement Class; 

3.7. 

propose and seek a period of no more than thirty (30) calendar days to complete dissemination of the
notice to the Proposed Settlement Class (the Notice Period); 

3.8. 

propose and seek an Opt-Out Period of no more than forty-five
(45) calendar days, which deadline shall be set forth in the Notice; 

3.9. 

seek appointment of a qualified Claims Administrator; 

3.10. 

seek appointment of a qualified Escrow Agent; 

3.11. 

seek approval of a stay of all proceedings in the Action as to Class Plaintiffs and Jazz and the Jazz
Affiliate Defendants until the Effective Date; 

3.12. 

seek approval of the Plan of Allocation; 

3.13. 

provide that if final approval of the Settlement is not obtained, the Settlement shall be null and void and the
parties will revert to their positions ex ante without prejudice to their claims or defenses; 

3.14. 

provide notice of the Courts set-aside order (ECF 642); and

Page 10 of
28

3.15. 

requesting the Court to set dates for: 

a. 

a hearing fourteen (14) calendar days after the filing of the motion provided for in Paragraph 17.3 below
to address Potential Opt-Outs;

b. 

a motion for final approval; and 

c. 

a fairness hearing. 

4. 

Notice. If the Court preliminarily approves the Settlement,
Co-Lead Counsel shall, with the assistance of the Claims Administrator:

4.1. 

Provide Proposed Settlement Class Members with notice as approved by the Court within the Notice Period
approved by the Court; and 

4.2. 

Exercise reasonable efforts to collect from each Potential Opt-Out a
certification reflecting the total dollar amount of brand and generic Xyrem for which it purchased, paid, or reimbursed during the Class Period in the Class States and itemized, transaction-by-transaction data relating to same. 

5. 

Motion for Final Approval and Entry of Final Judgment. If the Court preliminarily approves the
Settlement, Co-Lead Counsel shall, within twenty-one (21) calendar days of the close of the Opt-Out Period ordered by the
Court, or within seven (7) calendar days of the Opt-Out Rescission Deadline, whichever is later, submit a motion for final approval. The final approval motion shall seek entry of a final approval
order:

5.1. 

finding the Settlement to be fair, reasonable, and adequate within the meaning of Fed. R. Civ. P. 23, and
directing consummation of the Settlement pursuant to its terms; 

5.2. 

finding that notice given constitutes due, adequate, and sufficient notice and meets the requirements of due
process and the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure; 

Page 11 of
28

5.3. 

finding that all Proposed Settlement Class Members shall be bound by the Settlement Agreement and all of
its terms; 

5.4. 

finding that the Releasors, including the ASO Clients, shall be bound by the releases set forth in Paragraphs
13 and 14 of this Settlement Agreement, and shall be forever barred from asserting any claims or liabilities related to the Action or any Released Claims against any of the Releasees; 

5.5. 

directing that the Action be dismissed with prejudice and without costs in accordance with Paragraph 15 below;

5.6. 

determining under Fed. R. Civ. P. 54(b) that there is no just reason for delay and directing that the judgment
of dismissal with prejudice be final; 

5.7. 

retaining exclusive jurisdiction over the Settlement, including the administration and consummation of the
Settlement and the settlement administration process; and 

5.8. 

directing that, for a period of five years, the Clerk for the Court shall maintain the record of the entities
that have excluded themselves form the Proposed Settlement Class. 

6. 

Finality of Settlement. This Settlement Agreement shall become final upon the Effective Date.

7. 

Settlement Payment. 

7.1. 

Within ten (10) calendar days after the later of the entry of the preliminary approval order or receipt
from Co-Lead Counsel of wire transfer instructions and any other information or forms required by Jazz for purposes of making payments, Jazz shall pay the Settlement Amount. 

Page 12 of
28

7.2. 

The payment provided for in Paragraph 7.1 above shall be held in the Escrow Account subject to the terms and
conditions of the Escrow Agreement, and in accordance with the provisions of Paragraphs 8-10, 17, and 18 below. The Settlement Amount is inclusive of all attorneys fees, notice and administrative costs,
expenses, service awards, as well as any other costs, expenses, or fees of any kind whatsoever, related to the resolution of this matter. Jazz and the Jazz Affiliate Defendants shall not be obligated to pay Class Plaintiffs, the Proposed
Settlement Class, or Class Counsel any amount other than the Settlement Amount. The total monetary consideration that Jazz will pay for this Settlement shall be the Settlement Amount only. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing, Jazz shall
be responsible for giving notice of this Settlement as required by the Class Action Fairness Act of 2005, 28 U.S.C. 1715(b) and shall bear any costs associated with giving such notice. 

8. 

The Settlement Fund. 

8.1. 

Before the Court issues the final approval order, disbursements for Administration Expenses may be made by Co-Lead Counsel from the Settlement Fund as follows. Approval by the Court or Jazz shall not be required for payment of Administration Expenses, including the taxes, professional fees and other expenses related to
maintaining the Escrow Account, for amounts of less than $200,000 in the aggregate, although upon Jazzs request Co-Lead Counsel will identify any such payments. Disbursements from the Settlement Fund
that would equal or exceed $200,000 in the aggregate may be made only with prior approval of Jazz or the Court. If the Settlement Agreement is disapproved, terminated, or fails to become effective, previously disbursed Administration Expenses shall
not be refunded to Jazz. 

Page 13 of
28

8.2. 

At all times prior to the Effective Date, the Settlement Fund shall be invested as set forth in the Escrow
Agreement, in instruments backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government or fully insured by the U.S. Government or an agency thereof, including a U.S. Treasury Money Market Fund or a bank account insured by the FDIC up to the guaranteed
FDIC limit. After the Effective Date, the Settlement Fund shall be invested pursuant to the Escrow Agreement as directed in writing by Co-Lead Counsel. All interest earned on the Settlement Fund shall become
part of the Settlement Fund. 

9. 

Disbursements. 

9.1. 

After the Effective Date, the Settlement Fund shall be distributed in accordance with the Plan of Allocation
and the Courts approval of subsequent request(s) for distribution. 

10. 

Taxes. 

10.1. 

Co-Lead Counsel shall be solely responsible for directing the Escrow
Agent to file all informational and other tax returns necessary to report any taxable and/or net taxable income earned by the Escrow Account. Further, Co-Lead Counsel shall be solely responsible for directing
the Escrow Agent to make any tax payments, including interest and penalties due, on income earned by the Escrow Account. Subject to Paragraph 8.1 above, Co-Lead Counsel shall be entitled to direct the Escrow
Agent to pay customary and reasonable tax expenses, including professional fees and expenses incurred in connection with carrying out the Escrow 

Page 14 of
28

Agents or tax preparers responsibilities as set forth in this Paragraph, from the Escrow Account. Prior to the Effective Date, Co-Lead Counsel
shall notify Jazz regarding any payments or expenses paid from the Escrow Account upon receipt of a request for such information from Jazz. Jazz and the Jazz Affiliate Defendants shall have no responsibility to make any tax filings relating to this
Settlement agreement, the Escrow Account, or the Settlement Payments, and shall have no responsibility to pay taxes on any income earned by the Escrow Account, or to pay any taxes with respect thereto unless the Settlement is not consummated and the
Unspent Settlement Fund is returned to Jazz. Other than as specifically set forth herein, Jazz and the Jazz Affiliate Defendants shall have no responsibility for the payment of taxes or tax expenses. 

10.2. 

For the purpose of 468B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations
promulgated thereunder, the Administrator of the Escrow Account shall be Co-Lead Counsel, who shall timely and properly file or cause to be filed on a timely basis, all tax returns necessary or advisable with respect to the Escrow
Account (including without limitation all income tax returns, all informational returns, and all returns described in Treas. Reg. 1.468B-2(1)).

10.3. 

The parties to this Settlement Agreement and their counsel shall treat, and shall cause the Escrow Agent to
treat, the Escrow Account as being at all times a qualified settlement fund within the meaning of Treas. Reg. 1.468B-1. The parties, their counsel, and the Escrow Agent agree that they will
not ask the Court to take any action inconsistent with the treatment of the Escrow Account in this manner. In addition, the Escrow agent and, as required, the parties, shall timely 

Page 15 of
28

make such elections as necessary or advisable to carry out the provisions of this Paragraph 10, including the relation-back election (as defined in Treas. Reg. 1.468B-1(j)) back to the earliest permitted date. Such elections shall be made in compliance with the procedures and requirements contained in such regulations. It shall be the responsibility of the
Escrow Agent to timely and properly prepare and deliver the necessary documentation for signature by all necessary parties and thereafter to cause the appropriate filing to occur. All provisions of this Settlement Agreement shall be interpreted in a
manner that is consistent with the Escrow Account being a qualified settlement fund within the meaning of Treas. Reg. 1.468B-1.

11. 

Full Satisfaction; Limitation of Interest and Liability. Class Plaintiffs and Proposed Settlement
Class Members shall look solely to the Settlement Amount for satisfaction for any and all Released Claims. If the Settlement becomes final pursuant to Paragraph 6 above, Jazzs payment of the Settlement Amount will fully satisfy any and
all Released Claims.

12. 

Attorneys Fees, Expenses, and Costs. 

12.1. 

Co-Lead Counsel intends to seek, solely from the Settlement Fund, a Fee
and Expense Award. Co-Lead Counsel shall not seek payment of attorneys fees in an amount to exceed one-third of the Settlement Fund.
Co-Lead Counsel also intends to seek service awards for each of the Class Representatives of no more than $50,000, with the exception of two Class Plaintiffs that committed to testify at trial and
shall receive up to $75,000 is approved by the Court. Co-Lead Counsel shall file a motion for a Fee and Expense Award in accordance with the schedule set by

Page 16 of
28

the Court. Co-Lead Counsel shall be paid and reimbursed for all fees and expenses solely from the Settlement Fund. No portion of any Fee and Expense Award
shall be released from the Settlement Fund prior to an order granting final approval of the Settlement Agreement. Jazz and the Jazz Affiliate Defendants are not obligated to take, do not take, and subject to the limitations in this Paragraph will
not take, any position with respect to the application by Co-Lead Counsel for attorneys fees, reimbursements of costs, expenses and/or service awards. 

12.2. 

The procedure for and the allowance or disallowance by the Court of
Co-Lead Counsels application for attorneys fees, costs and expenses to be paid from the Settlement Fund are not part of this Agreement, and are to be considered by the Court separately from
consideration of the fairness, reasonableness, and adequacy of the Settlement. Any order or proceeding relating to the Fee and Expense Award, or any appeal from any such order, shall not operate to modify or cancel this Agreement, or affect or delay
the finality of the judgment approving the Settlement. A modification or reversal on appeal of any amount of the Fee and Expense Award shall not be deemed a modification of the terms of this Agreement or final approval order, and shall not give rise
to any right of termination. 

12.3. 

Class Plaintiffs will propose to the Court that any Fee and Expense Award shall be paid to Co-Lead Counsel within three (3) days of entry of an order awarding attorneys fees, costs, and expenses, notwithstanding the existence of any timely filed objections thereto, or potential for appeal
therefrom, or collateral attack on the settlement or any part thereof. Co-Lead Counsel shall be obligated to make appropriate refunds or repayments to the Settlement Fund plus interest earned if,

Page 17 of
28

and when, as a result of any appeal and/or further proceedings on remand, or successful collateral attack, the Fee and Expense Award is reduced or the Settlement is disapproved by a final order
not subject to further review. For avoidance of doubt, any award of attorneys fees, costs and/or expenses shall be paid out of the Settlement Amount, and after the date the Court enters an order granting final approval. 

13. 

Release. Upon the occurrence of the Effective Date, Releasors hereby release and forever discharge, and
covenant not to sue the Releasees, with respect to, in connection with, or relating to any and all Released Claims.

14. 

Additional Release. In addition, each Releasor hereby expressly waives and releases, upon the Effective
Date, any and all provisions, rights, and/or benefits conferred by 1542 of the California Civil Code, which reads:

Section 1542. A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or
her favor at the time of executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party; 

or by any law of any state or territory of the United States, or principle of common law, which is similar, comparable, or equivalent to
1542 of the California Civil Code, notwithstanding that the release in Paragraph 13 is not a general release and is of claims against Releasees only. Each Releasor may hereafter discover facts other than or different from those which it
knows or believes to be true with respect to the claims that are the subject matter of Paragraph 13. Nonetheless, upon the Effective Date, each Releasor hereby expressly waives and fully, finally and forever settles and releases any known or
unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, suspected or unsuspected, contingent or 

Page 18 of
28

non-contingent claim that is the subject matter of Paragraph 13, whether or not concealed or hidden, without regard to the subsequent discovery or
existence of such different or additional facts. Each Releasor also hereby expressly waives and fully, finally, and forever settles, releases and discharges any and all claims it may have against the Releasees under 17200, et seq., of
the California Business and Professions Code or any similar, comparable, or equivalent provision of the law of any other state or territory of the United States or other jurisdiction, which claims are expressly incorporated into the definition of
the Released Claims. 

15. 

Dismissal of the Litigation. Co-Lead Counsel, on behalf of
Class Plaintiffs, will dismiss with prejudice all claims asserted against Jazz and the Jazz Affiliate Defendants in the Action upon the entry by the Court of a final approval order related to this Settlement Agreement.

16. 

Effect of Disapproval. If the Court: (i) denies final approval of the Settlement Agreement;
(ii) materially modifies the Settlement Agreement; (iii) does not enter the final approval order containing the elements set forth in Paragraph 5.1 through 5.7 above, or (iv) enters the final approval order and appellate review is
sought, and on such review, such final approval order is not affirmed or is affirmed with material modification, then Co-Lead Counsel or Jazz may elect to terminate this Settlement Agreement by sending written
notice to the other party within ten (10) business days of the event allowing for termination. For the avoidance of doubt, any order of the Court or the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that is based on a determination that the Settlement is not
fair, reasonable, or adequate and that: (a) narrows or does not approve the scope of the releases and covenant not to sue contemplated by this Settlement; (b)

Page 19 of
28

purports to impose additional material obligations on Jazz or the Jazz Affiliate Defendants; or (c) declines to enter a final judgment that meets the requirements set forth in Paragraphs
5.1 through 5.7 above, except as otherwise agreed in writing by Co-Lead Counsel and Jazz, constitutes a failure to grant final approval of this Agreement and confers on Co-Lead Counsel and/or Jazz the right to
terminate the Agreement. A modification or reversal on appeal of the Plan of Allocation shall not be deemed a modification of the terms of this Agreement or final approval order and shall not give rise to any right of termination.

17. 

Opt-Out.

17.1. 

On a rolling basis within fourteen (14) days of receipt by the Claims Administrator, Co-Lead Counsel shall serve on Jazz the certifications and data from any entity requesting to be excluded from the Proposed Settlement Class during the Opt-Out Period (a
Potential Opt-Out), such certifications and data reflecting the total dollar amount of brand or generic Xyrem for which the Potential Opt-Out purchased,
paid, and/or reimbursed during the Class Period in the Class States. 

17.2. 

Within fourteen (14) calendar days of the close of the Opt-Out
Period ordered by the Court, Co-Lead Counsel shall provide Jazz a final list of Potential Opt-Outs (the Potential Opt-Out
List) and confirm in writing that Class Plaintiffs have served on Jazz all certifications and data they have received from Potential Opt-Outs reflecting the total dollar amount of brand or generic
Xyrem for which Potential Opt-Outs purchased, paid, or reimbursed during the Class Period in the Class States, and all itemized,
transaction-by-transaction data they have received from Potential Opt-Outs relating to same. In the event Class Plaintiffs
have not received such certifications and data from all Potential Opt-Outs by the end of the Opt-Out Period, Class Plaintiffs shall additionally serve on Jazz a
separate list of all Potential Opt-Outs that did not provide such certifications and/or data (the Data Holdouts). 

Page 20 of
28

17.3. 

In the event there are any Data Holdouts, Class Plaintiffs shall, within fourteen (14) calendar days
of providing the Potential Opt-Out List to Jazz, file a motion on behalf of both Class Plaintiffs and Jazz requesting that the Court find, on an expedited basis, that Potential Opt-Outs that have submitted timely and valid exclusion requests including the certifications and data described in Paragraph 17.2 above are Opt-Outs but that Data Holdouts
are not Opt-Outs and should not be excluded from the Proposed Settlement Class, the text of which motion shall be agreed upon by Class Plaintiffs and Jazz before Class Plaintiffs file it.

17.4. 

In the event there are no Data Holdouts, or in the event there are Data Holdouts and the Court grants the
motion described in Paragraph 17.3 above, then the certifications and data received from Opt-Outswith any conflicts between the certifications and data to be resolved in favor of the datawill be
used to calculate: 

a. 

The Opt-Out Volume, defined as the aggregate total dollar
amount of all Opt-Outs purchases, payments, and reimbursements for brand and generic Xyrem between [*]; 

b. 

The Opt-Out Percentage, defined as Opt-Out Volume divided by $[*], which number is an estimateinadmissible for any purpose other than effectuation of this Agreementof the aggregate total dollar amount of all purchases, payments, and
reimbursements for brand and generic Xyrem between [*] in the Class States by the Proposed Settlement Class. 

Page 21 of
28

17.5. 

In the event there are any Data Holdouts and the Court resolves the motion described in Paragraph 17.3 above by
finding that any Data Holdout is an Opt-Out despite that it has not produced the certifications and data described in Paragraph 17.2 above, then certifications and data from any
Opt-Outs that have provided such certifications and data before the Opt-Out Rescission Deadline (as defined in Paragraph 17.7 below) will be used to calculate the Opt-Out Volume. For the avoidance of doubt, any Data Holdout deemed by the Court to be an Opt-Out despite that it has not provided such certifications and data before the Opt-out Rescission Deadline shall not be taken into account for purposes of calculating the Opt-Out Volume. 

17.6. 

In the event there are any Data Holdouts and the Court declines to resolve whether any Potential Opt-Out is an Opt-Out pursuant to the motion described in Paragraph 17.3 above, then the certifications and data described in Paragraph 17.2 above from any Potential Opt-Outs that have provided such certifications and data will be used to calculate the Opt-Out Volume. 

17.7. 

Jazz shall have the option, in its sole discretion, to terminate this Settlement Agreement by furnishing
written notice to Co-Lead Counsel of such termination under this Paragraph 17 within fourteen (14) calendar days of receiving the Potential Opt-Out List (the Opt-Out Rescission Deadline)except that if there are any Data Holdouts, the Opt-Out Rescission Deadline shall be tolled until five (5) calendar days
after the Court resolves, or declines to resolve, the motion described in Paragraph 17.3 aboveif: 

a. 

the Opt-Out Percentage, as defined in Paragraph 17.4.b above, exceeds
[*]; or 

Page 22 of
28

b. 

any one of [*], is an Opt-Out. For the avoidance of doubt, Jazz shall
be entitled to terminate the agreement under this subsection regardless of whether any of [*] is a Data Holdout. 

18. 

Reimbursement of the Unspent Settlement Fund upon Termination. If the Settlement Agreement is terminated
pursuant to the provisions of Paragraphs 16 or 17 above, the Escrow Agent shall return to Jazz the Unspent Settlement Fund at the time of termination. The Escrow Agent shall disburse the Unspent Settlement Fund to Jazz in accordance with this
Paragraph within fourteen (14) calendar days after receipt of either: (i) written notice signed by Co-Lead Counsel and Jazzs counsel stating that the Settlement has been terminated (such written notice will be signed by the non-terminating party within three days of receiving the written notice from the terminating party); or (ii) any order of the Court so directing. If the Settlement Agreement is terminated pursuant to Paragraph
16 or 17, (1) any obligations pursuant to this Settlement Agreement other than: (i) disbursement of the Unspent Settlement Fund to Jazz as set forth above; and (ii) Paragraph 20 shall cease immediately; and (2) the releases set forth
in Paragraphs 13 and 14 above shall be null and void.

19. 

Preservation of Rights. Except as expressly provided for in the Releases in Paragraphs 13 and 14 above,
this Settlement Agreement, whether the Settlement becomes final or not, and any and all negotiations, documents, and discussions associated with it, shall be without prejudice to the rights of any party, shall not be deemed or construed to be an
admission or evidence of any violation of any statute or law or lack thereof, of any liability or wrongdoing by Jazz or the Jazz Affiliate Defendants, or of the truth or lack thereof of any of the claims or allegations contained

Page 23 of
28

in the Pre-Consolidation Complaints, the Complaint, or any other pleading, and evidence thereof shall not be discoverable or used directly or
indirectly, in any way other than to enforce the terms of this Settlement Agreement. The parties expressly reserve all of their rights if the Settlement does not become final in accordance with the terms of this Settlement Agreement. Upon the
Settlement becoming final, nothing in this Paragraph shall prevent Jazz or the Jazz Affiliate Defendants from asserting any release or using this Settlement Agreement to offset any liability to any other parties not party to this Action (now or in
the future), including but not limited to, federal and state governmental agencies.

20. 

Resumption of Litigation in the Event of Termination. The parties agree that in the event that the
Settlement Agreement is not approved by the Court, or if the Settlement does not become final pursuant to Paragraph 6 above, or if the Settlement Agreement is terminated pursuant to Paragraphs 16 or 17 above, litigation of the Action by
Class Plaintiffs and the Proposed Settlement Class against Jazz and the Jazz Affiliate Defendants will resume in a reasonable manner to be approved by the Court upon a joint application by the parties, and upon full reimbursement to Jazz
of the Unspent Settlement Fund as provided in Paragraph 18 above.

21. 

Cooperation. Jazz agrees to work in good faith with Class Plaintiffs and Co-Lead Counsel to provide any declaration(s) necessary and sufficient to support admission into evidence at trial of key documents produced by Jazz or the Jazz Affiliate Defendants. For avoidance of doubt, any
cooperation by Jazz and the Jazz Affiliate Defendants is limited to providing declarations.

Page 24 of
28

22. 

Non-Assistance and Maintaining Confidentiality of Litigation Materials. Class Plaintiffs shall not,
directly or indirectly, provide assistance, support, advice, or information to any person or entity asserting, considering asserting, or seeking to assert claims against Jazz or the Jazz Affiliate Defendants based on or related to the Released
Claims or the facts, occurrences, transactions, or other matters alleged or asserted in the Pre-Consolidation Complaints, the Complaint, or this Action, or that could have been alleged or asserted in this
Action unless compelled by subpoena, civil investigative demand or court order. Class Counsel represent that they have no present intention to assist or advise other entities in bringing claims against Jazz or the Jazz Affiliate Defendants
based on or related to the Released Claims, or cause or direct other entities or persons to do. For avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Settlement Agreement shall preclude Class Plaintiffs or Class Counsel from participating in a trial
concerning Class Plaintiffs or their claims against any remaining defendant in the Action other than Jazz or any person or entity that a remaining defendant in the Action other than Jazz may otherwise involve in a trial in this matter. In the
event that Class Plaintiffs or Class Counsel receive a subpoena or other legal process that would require disclosure of material covered by any protective order entered in the Action (the Protective Order), Class Plaintiff
or Class Counsel shall promptly notify Jazz and forward a copy of such subpoena or legal process so that Jazz may seek a protective order or otherwise seek to maintain the confidentiality of material covered by the Protective Order; and such
Class Plaintiff or Class Counsel shall object to the production of such material unless and until any such motion filed by Jazz is resolved. In addition, Class Plaintiffs and Class Counsel shall abide by the terms of the
Protective Order in this Action, including with respect to the destruction of materials and the limitations on the use of any material covered by the Protective Order to this Action, unless otherwise ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction.

Page 25 of
28

23. 

Binding Effect. This Settlement Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the
Releasors and the Releasees. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each and every covenant and agreement herein by Co-Lead Counsel or Class Counsel shall be binding upon Class Plaintiffs,
the Proposed Settlement Class and all Proposed Settlement Class Members.

24. 

Integrated Agreement. This Settlement Agreement, together with the exhibits hereto and the documents
referenced herein, contains the complete and integrated statement of every term in this Agreement, and supersedes all prior agreements or understandings, whether written or oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. This
Settlement Agreement shall not be modified except by a writing executed by Class Plaintiffs and Jazz.

25. 

Headings. The headings in this Settlement Agreement are intended only for the convenience of the reader
and shall not affect the interpretation of this Settlement Agreement.

26. 

No Party is the Drafter. None of the parties shall be considered the drafter of this Settlement
Agreement or any provision hereof for the purpose of any statute, case law or rule of construction that might cause any provision to be construed against the drafter hereof.

Page 26 of
28

27. 

Consent to Jurisdiction. Class Plaintiffs, the Proposed Settlement Class, each of the Proposed
Settlement Class Members, Jazz, and the Jazz Affiliate Defendants hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California for any suit, action, proceeding, or dispute
arising out of or relating to this Settlement Agreement or the applicability of this Settlement Agreement, including, without limitation, any suit, action, proceeding or dispute relating to the release provisions herein provided that this consent to
jurisdiction shall not affect Jazzs or the Jazz Affiliate Defendants right or ability to assert this Settlement Agreement or the releases contained herein as a defense in an action filed in any other jurisdiction asserting the Released
Claims or concerning this Settlement Agreement or this Action.

28. 

Governing Law. The terms of this Settlement Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of
California.

29. 

Representations and Warranties. Each party represents and warrants that it has the requisite authority
to execute, deliver, and perform this Settlement Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated herein.

30. 

Notice. Where this Agreement requires either party to provide notice or any other communication or
document to the other, such notice shall be in writing and provided by email or overnight delivery to the counsel set forth in the signature block below for Jazz or Co-Lead Counsel, respectively, or their
designees.

31. 

Execution in Counterparts. This Settlement Agreement may be executed in counterparts. A facsimile, .pdf,
or digital or electronic signature shall be deemed an original signature for purposes of executing this Settlement Agreement.

Page 27 of
28

32. 

Confidentiality. While the fact of settlement of the Action has been disclosed in open court, the terms
of this Settlement Agreement shall remain confidential until Class Plaintiffs move for preliminary approval of the Settlement, unless Jazz and Co-Lead Counsel agree otherwise, provided that Jazz may disclose
the terms of this Settlement Agreement to accountants, lenders, auditors, legal counsel, tax advisors, or in response to a request by any governmental, judicial, or regulatory authority, or otherwise required by applicable law or court order and
Class Plaintiffs may disclose the terms of the Settlement Agreement to any entity that has applied to serve as Notice and Claims Administrator or Escrow Agent, who shall abide by the terms of this Paragraph. Class Plaintiffs shall not
issue any press release or statement to any media outlet regarding this Agreement prior to entry of the final approval order without obtaining a prior written consent from the other parties, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. For the
avoidance of doubt, statements in Class Counsels website, court filings, statements made in connection with providing notice of the Settlement to the Proposed Settlement Class, or responses to inquiries from media outlets do not
constitute a press release or statement to any media outlet.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto
through their fully authorized representatives have agreed to this Settlement Agreement as of the date first herein above written. 

For Jazz Pharmaceuticals Ireland Limited: For Class Plaintiffs:

/s/ Heidi K. Hubbard 

/s/ Dena C. Sharp

Heidi K. Hubbard

Stanley E.
Fisher

Benjamin M. Greenblum

Alexander S. Zolan

Teagan J. Gregory

Lauren H. Uhlig

WILLIAMS & CONNOLLY LLP

680 Maine Avenue,
S.W.

Washington, D.C. 20024

Attorneys for Jazz Pharmaceuticals Ireland Limited Dena C. Sharp

GIRARD SHARP LLP

601 California Street, Suite 1400

San Francisco, CA 94108

/s/ Michael M.
Buchman

Michael M. Buchman

MOTLEY RICE LLC

800 Third
Avenue, Suite 2401

New York, NY 10022

Co-Lead Counsel on Behalf of Class Plaintiffs

Page 28 of
28
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>jazz-20250407.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>jazz-20250407_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 
Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, Country 
Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>jazz-20250407_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 07, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001232524

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 07, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code L2

Entity File Number 001-33500

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1032470

Entity Address, Address Line One Fifth Floor

Entity Address, Address Line Two Waterloo Exchange

Entity Address, Address Line Three Waterloo Road

Entity Address, City or Town Dublin 4

Entity Address, Country IE

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code D04 E5W7

City Area Code 011-353-1

Local Phone Number 634-7800

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Ordinary shares, nominal value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol JAZZ

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.jazzpharma.com//20250407/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d901769d8k.htm 
jazz-20250407.xsd 
jazz-20250407_lab.xml 
jazz-20250407_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-075871-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d901769d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001232524 

2025-04-07 
2025-04-07 

Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc 
false 
0001232524 
8-K 
2025-04-07 
L2 
001-33500 
98-1032470 
Fifth Floor 
Waterloo Exchange 
Waterloo Road 
Dublin 4 
IE 
D04 E5W7 
011-353-1 
634-7800 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Ordinary shares, nominal value $0.0001 per share 
JAZZ 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>