<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-035279.txt : 20250225
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-035279.hdr.sgml : 20250225
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250225171924
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-035279
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		35
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250224
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250225
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250225

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MIDDLEBY Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000769520
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REFRIGERATION & SERVICE INDUSTRY MACHINERY [3580]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				363352497
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09973
		FILM NUMBER:		25664935

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1400 TOASTMASTER DRIVE
		CITY:			ELGIN
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60120
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8477413300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1400 TOASTMASTER DRIVE
		CITY:			ELGIN
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60120

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MIDDLEBY CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d924983d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

MIDDLEBY Corpfalse000076952000007695202025-02-242025-02-24

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 24, 2025

THE MIDDLEBY CORPORATION

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 1-9973 36-3352497

(State or Other Jurisdiction (Commission (IRS Employer

of Incorporation) File Number) Identification No.)

1400 Toastmaster Drive, Elgin, Illinois 60120

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(847)741-3300

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange

on Which Registered

Common Stock MIDD The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On February 24, 2025, The Middleby Corporation (the Company) entered into a Cooperation Agreement (the Cooperation Agreement) with Garden Investment Management, L.P. (GI). 

Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) agreed to appoint Ed Garden as a member of the Board, with an initial term expiring at the Companys 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting) and agreed to nominate Mr. Garden to stand for nomination at the 2025 Annual Meeting. 

Under the terms of the Cooperation Agreement: (i) GI will abide by customary standstill restrictions (subject to certain exceptions relating to private communications to the Company, among others) until the expiration of the Standstill Period (as defined in the Cooperation Agreement); (ii) GI agreed to certain voting commitments with respect to the 2025 Annual Meeting; and (iii) the Company and GI agreed to a customary mutual non-disparagement provision. 

The Cooperation Agreement further provides that, if Mr. Garden is unable to serve due to death, disability, or incapacity before the 2025 Annual Meeting, the Company and GI will cooperate to identify and mutually agree to a replacement director for Mr. Garden, subject to GI maintaining a net long position (as defined in the Cooperation Agreement) at or above 2.45% of the outstanding shares of the Companys Common Stock. 

The Cooperation Agreement will terminate on the earlier of Mr. Garden ceasing to serve on the Board or 45 days prior to the advance notice deadline for the Companys 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

The foregoing description of the Cooperation Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Cooperation Agreement, a copy of which is filed hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangement of Certain Officers. 

The information set forth in Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference. 

On February 24, 2025, the Board increased the size of the Board from nine (9) to eleven (11) directors and appointed Julie Bowerman and Mr. Garden as directors of the Company to fill the vacancies so created. In connection with their respective appointments to the Board, Ms. Bowerman has been appointed to serve as a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board and Mr. Garden has been appointed to serve as a member of the Compensation Committee of the Board. 

Each of Ms. Bowerman and Mr. Garden will participate in the compensation arrangements for nonemployee members of the Board described in the Definitive Proxy Statement of the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 29, 2024, which currently consists of an annual cash retainer and an annual grant of restricted stock units. 

There are no arrangements or understandings between Ms. Bowerman and any other person pursuant to which Ms. Bowerman was selected as a director and Ms. Bowerman is not a participant in any related party transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.Other than the Cooperation Agreement, there are no further arrangements or understandings between Mr. Garden and any other person pursuant to which Mr. Garden was selected as a director. Mr. Garden is not a participant in any related party transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Additionally, on February 24, 2025, John R. Miller III notified the Board of his intent to retire from the Board, effective upon the completion of the 2025 Annual Meeting. 

Item 7.01 

Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On February 25, 2025, the Company issued a press release regarding the appointment of Ms. Bowerman and Mr. Garden, the execution of the Cooperation Agreement and the retirement of Mr. Miller. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Also on February 25, 2025, the Company issued (i) a press release announcing that the Company intends to separate its food processing business into a standalone public company (the Spin-off) and (ii) a presentation regarding the proposed Spin-off. Copies of the press release and presentation are furnished as Exhibit 99.2 and Exhibit 99.3, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference. 

The information set forth in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, Exhibit 99.2 and Exhibit 99.3, is deemed to be furnished and shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section. The information set forth in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.2 and Exhibit 99.3, shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

10.1 Cooperation Agreement, dated February 24, 2025, by and among Garden Investment Management, L.P. and The Middleby Corporation. 

99.1 Press Release, dated February 25, 2025, issued by The Middleby Corporation. 

99.2 Press Release, dated February 25, 2025, issued by The Middleby Corporation. 

99.3 Presentation, dated February 25, 2025, issued by The Middleby Corporation. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

THE MIDDLEBY CORPORATION

Date: February 25, 2025 By: 

/s/ Bryan E. Mittelman

Bryan E. Mittelman

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d924983dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

Execution Version 

COOPERATION AGREEMENT 

This Cooperation Agreement, dated February 24, 2025 (this Agreement), is by Garden Investment Management, L.P.
(GI) and The Middleby Corporation (the Company). 

WHEREAS, on the date hereof GI and its Affiliates
(as defined below) have a combined beneficial and economic ownership interest in or exposure to 2,635,866 shares of common stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock); and 

WHEREAS, the Company and GI have engaged constructively on certain matters relating to the Companys business and have mutually
determined to reflect their agreements on matters relating to the election of members of the Companys Board of Directors (the Board) and certain other matters, as provided in this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of and reliance upon the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Board
Representation and Board Matters. 

(a) The Company and GI agree as follows: 

(i) the Board and all applicable committees thereof have taken such actions as are necessary: 

(1) to appoint Ed Garden (the New Director) as a member of the Board effective 11:59 p.m., Central Time, as of the date
hereof and to include the New Director in the Companys slate of director nominees in the Companys proxy statement for its 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting); and 

(2) at the 2025 Annual Meeting, at least one of the directors of the Board, who is not the New Director, shall not stand for re-election;

(ii) if the New Director is unable to serve as a director of the Board due to death,
disability, or incapacity prior to the conclusion of the 2025 Annual Meeting and as long as GI and its Affiliates net long position (as defined below) remains at or above 2.45% of the outstanding shares of the Companys Common
Stock, the Company and GI shall cooperate in good faith to identify and mutually agree upon a replacement for the New Director (a Replacement New Director), and the Board and all applicable committees thereof shall take such
actions as are necessary, subject in each case to the good faith exercise of the Boards fiduciary duties under applicable law, to appoint the Replacement New Director to serve as a director of the Company for the remainder of such New
Directors term, which such Replacement New Director, once added as a member of the Board, shall be deemed the New Director for all purposes hereunder; 

(iii) (A) for so long as the New Director serves on the Board and during the Standstill Period (as defined below), such New Director shall be
a member of the Compensation Committee of the Board at the election of such New Director, and (B) without limitation of clause (A), the Board shall give the New Director the same due consideration for membership to any committee of the Board as
any other member of the Board, subject in each case to the good faith exercise of the Boards fiduciary duties under applicable law; 

(iv) the Company will recommend, support and solicit proxies for the election of the New Director at the 2025 Annual Meeting and, the 2026
Annual Meeting (as defined below) only if the Company elects to include the New Director on the Companys slate of nominees for the 2026 Annual Meeting, in a manner no less rigorous and favorable than the manner in which the Company supports
its other nominees in the aggregate; provided that any recommendation by the Board shall be subject in each case to the good faith exercise of the Boards fiduciary duties under applicable law; 

(v) for so long as the New Director is on the Board, the Company shall notify GI in writing
(a Slate Notice), no later than 45 days prior to the advance notice deadline for making director nominations under the Companys Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws) at its 2026 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders (including any special meeting held in lieu thereof, the 2026 Annual Meeting), whether the New Director will be included on the Companys slate of nominees for the 2026 Annual Meeting; provided that if for
any reason the Company fails to include the New Director on the Companys slate of nominees at the 2026 Annual Meeting after notifying GI that the New Director will be included on the Companys slate, the Company shall inform GI, in
writing, that the New Director will not be included on the Companys slate of nominees for the 2026 Annual Meeting and the Company shall thereafter take any action necessary (including extending the director nomination deadline) to ensure that
GI has at least 30 days from the date that the Company makes such notification (such period, the Notice Period) to submit director nominations for the 2026 Annual Meeting in accordance with the Companys bylaws, and the
Company shall not file any proxy statement with respect to the 2026 Annual Meeting until the expiration of the Notice Period; and 

(vi)
the New Director will be entitled to the same compensation, director indemnity and insurance and other benefits as are accorded to the other non-employee directors of the Company. 

(b) GI acknowledges that, at all times while serving as a member of the Board, each director, including the New Director, is required to
comply with all policies, procedures, processes, codes, rules, standards and guidelines generally applicable to Board members, including the Companys corporate code of ethics, securities trading policies, Regulation FD-related policies, director confidentiality policies and corporate governance standards (Company Policies), in each case that have been provided in writing to such director, and to preserve the
confidentiality of Company business and information, including discussions or matters considered in meetings of the Board or Board committees, and the Company agrees that until the expiration of the Standstill Period, it will not alter or adopt any
of its existing policies, procedures, processes, codes, rules, standards and guidelines generally applicable to Board members in a manner that would interfere with the purpose of this Agreement. 

(c) The Companys obligations under this Section 1 shall terminate upon any material breach of this Agreement by GI upon five
(5) business days written notice by the Company to GI if such breach has not been cured within such notice period, provided that the Company is not in material breach of this Agreement at the time such notice is given or prior to
the end of the notice period. 

(d) Notwithstanding Section 1(b) above, 

(i) (A) GI and its Affiliates shall be entitled to continue to hold forwards, swaps and other derivative securities related to the Common
Stock (collectively Derivative Securities) that are held by GI and its Affiliates as of the date of this Agreement, as set forth in Schedule A hereto, until January 1, 2026, including in margin accounts, and
(B) during such period, GI and its Affiliates shall be entitled to settle, exercise or otherwise terminate (collectively, Settlement) such Derivative Securities, and receive Common Stock or cash in connection therewith, so
long as such Settlement occurs during any open trading window applicable to all directors under the Companys insider trading policy; providedthat involuntary Settlements resulting solely from actions taken by a counterparty to
such Derivative Securities may occur at any time and from time to time (including during any restricted trading period) and the Company expressly waives (and GI expressly disclaims) any duty owed by GI and its Affiliates to refrain from undertaking
any such Settlement transaction in accordance with the terms herein; it being understood that any Common Stock acquired in connection with the Settlement of Derivative Securities shall be subject to all restrictions referenced in Section 1(b)
and shall not be covered by the preceding waiver referenced in this Section 1(d)(i); 

(ii) except as otherwise set forth in this
Section 1(d)(ii), the New Director may provide Confidential Information (as defined below) received by the New Director as a member of the Board or committee thereof to investment professionals and attorneys employed directly by GI or any GI
Affiliate (GI Professionals) who need to know such information in connection with GI and GI Affiliates investment in the Company; provided, however, that GI hereby acknowledges and agrees on behalf of itself, the GI
Affiliates and the GI Professionals who receive Confidential Information, (A) to keep such Confidential Information strictly confidential and not disclose such Confidential Information to any other person (other than GI, GI Affiliates and the
GI Professionals), and (B) not to use or permit the use of such Confidential Information for any purpose other than in connection with the New Directors duties as a director of the Company and in connection with GIs and the GI
Affiliates investment in the 

2 

Company; it being understood that GI shall inform each such GI Affiliate and GI Professional of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and advise each GI Affiliate and GI
Professional to abide by the confidentiality provisions set forth in this Agreement as if they were a party hereto; provided that GI shall remain responsible for any breach of this Agreement by itself, any GI Affiliate or any GI Professionals
hereunder. GI acknowledges that it and the GI Affiliates are aware, and shall advise each of the GI Professionals who receive Confidential Information that the Confidential Information may contain or itself be material, non-public information concerning the Company and United States securities laws may restrict any person who has material, nonpublic information about a company from purchasing or selling any securities of such
company or from communicating such information to any other person under circumstances in which it is reasonably foreseeable that such person is likely to purchase or sell such securities while in possession of such information. Following such time
as the New Director is no longer serving on the Board, GI will return to the Company or destroy, at GIs option, all hard copies of Confidential Information and use commercially reasonable efforts to permanently erase or delete all electronic
copies of the Confidential Information in GIs or any of its employees possession or control (and GI shall promptly certify to the Company that such Confidential Information has been returned, erased or deleted, as the case may be);
provided, however, that GI shall be entitled to retain (1) data or electronic records containing Confidential Information for the purposes of backup, recovery, contingency planning or business continuity planning so long as such data or
records are not accessible in the ordinary course of business and are not accessed except as required for backup, recovery, contingency planning or business continuity planning purposes, and (2) one copy of the Confidential Information in its
records or its GI Professionals legal records to the extent and for so long as such is required for GI to comply with applicable law or regulation or document retention policies; and provided, further, that any Confidential Information
so retained shall remain subject to the confidentiality obligations hereunder for so long as it so retained, notwithstanding any termination of the confidentiality obligations set forth herein. If GI, GI Affiliates or any GI Professional
is legally compelled, by deposition, interrogatory, request for documents, subpoena, civil investigation, demand, order or similar process, to disclose any Confidential Information, prior to making such disclosure, GI must, to the extent
legally permissible, (x) promptly notify the Company of the circumstances surrounding such requirement or request and (y) reasonably cooperate with the Company, at the Companys sole expense, in any legally available attempt it may
make to obtain a protective order, other appropriate remedy, or an appropriate assurance that confidential treatment will be afforded to its Confidential Information. If a protective order or other appropriate remedy or assurance is not obtained, GI
agrees to only disclose (or cause to be disclosed, as applicable) that portion of the Confidential Information that is legally required to be disclosed (on the advice of outside legal counsel). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
this Agreement, the Company shall be permitted to cause the New Director to withhold sharing any Confidential Information from GI, GI Affiliates or any GI Professionals, and the New Director shall not share such Confidential Information as is
reasonably determined by the Company to be necessary to protect the Companys attorney-client or other legal privileges. Notwithstanding anything set forth herein to the contrary, the confidentiality and use obligations under
this Section 1(d)(ii) shall terminate 36 months after the New Director ceases to serve on the Board, other than Confidential Information constituting trade secrets, which shall be held for such longer time as such
information constitutes a trade secret of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, joint ventures or other Affiliates, as defined under 18 U.S.C. 1839(3). 

(iii) [RESERVED]; 

(iv) any
share ownership requirement for the New Director serving on the Board will be deemed satisfied by the securities owned by GI and any GI Affiliates; 

(v) under no circumstances shall any Company Policy be violated by the New Director receiving lawful compensation from GI or any GI Affiliate,
so long as such compensation is not paid with respect to the New Directors service or action as a director of the Company; 

(vi) the
New Director shall not be excluded or required to recuse himself or herself from any meetings or materials of the Board as a result of, or in connection with, his or her affiliation with the GI or any GI Affiliate (or their ownership of securities
of the Company) except in connection with a transaction with, or dispute involving, GI or any GI Affiliate; and 

(vii) Ed Garden is
entitled to make public announcements and statements with respect to the Company (including in the print, televised or streaming media), provided that such public announcements and statements (A) are not inconsistent with announcements
and statements made by the Company and (B) do not otherwise violate Section 2 below. 

3 

2. Standstill. 

(a) From the date hereof until the earliest of (1) the Companys delivery of a Slate Notice that does not state that the New
Director will be included on the Companys slate of nominees for the 2026 Annual Meeting, (2) the date that is 45 days prior to the advance notice deadline for making director nominations under the Companys Bylaws at the 2026 Annual
Meeting, (3) the Companys failure to include the New Director on the Companys slate of nominees for the 2026 Annual Meeting and (4) the date that the New Director ceases to be a member of the Board (such period, the
Standstill Period), GI shall not, directly or indirectly, and GI shall cause each GI Affiliate (as defined below) not to, directly or indirectly: 

(i) solicit proxies or written consents of stockholders or conduct any other type of referendum (binding or
non-binding) with respect to, or from the holders of, the Voting Securities (as defined below), or become a participant (as such term is defined in Instruction 3 to Item 4 of Schedule 14A
promulgated under the Exchange Act) in or knowingly assist any person or entity not a party to this agreement (a Third Party) in any solicitation of any proxy, consent or other authority (as such terms are defined
under the Exchange Act) to vote any shares of the Voting Securities (other than such encouragement or advice that is consistent with Company managements recommendation in connection with such matter or voting any such Voting Securities in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement); 

(ii) knowingly encourage or advise any other person or knowingly assist any Third Party in
so encouraging or assisting any person with respect to the giving or withholding of any proxy, consent or other authority to vote any shares of the Voting Securities or in conducting any type of referendum with respect to the Voting Securities
(other than such encouragement or advice that is consistent with Company managements recommendation in connection with such matter); 

(iii) form or join in a partnership, limited partnership, syndicate or other group, including a group as defined under
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, with respect to the Voting Securities (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any group composed solely of any of GI and Affiliates thereof) but nothing herein shall preclude GI and any Affiliates thereof from
voting any Voting Securities in a manner permitted by this Agreement; 

(iv) present at any annual meeting or any special meeting of the
Companys stockholders any proposal for consideration for action by stockholders or seek the removal of any member of the Board or, except as otherwise expressly contemplated by this Agreement, propose any nominee for election to the Board or
seek representation on the Board; 

(v) grant any proxy, consent or other authority to vote any Voting Securities of the Company with
respect to the election of directors (other than to the named proxies included in the Companys proxy card for any annual meeting or special meeting of stockholders or as otherwise expressly permitted by this Agreement) or deposit any Voting
Securities of the Company in a voting trust or subject them to a voting agreement or other arrangement of similar effect with respect to any annual meeting, special meeting of stockholders or action by written consent (excluding customary brokerage
accounts, margin accounts, prime brokerage accounts and the like); 

(vi) make any request for stocklist materials or other books and
records of the Company under Section 220 of the Delaware General Corporation Law or otherwise; 

(vii) make, or cause to be made, any
statement or announcement that relates to and constitutes an ad hominem attack on, or that disparages, defames or slanders (in each case as distinct from objective statements reflecting business criticism), the Company or its business, operations or
financial performance, its officers or its directors or any person who has served as an officer or director of the Company in the past, or who serves on or following the date of this Agreement as an officer or director of the Company (in each case
in such persons capacity as such), (A) in any document or report filed with or, furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) or any other governmental agency or (B) in any press release or other
publicly available format (and the 

4 

Company agrees that this Section 2(a)(vii) shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Company, its subsidiaries and their respective directors and officers with respect to GI,
the GI Affiliates and their respective officers, directors and controlling persons); provided that nothing herein shall (1) restrict the ability of any person to comply with a subpoena or other legal process or respond to a request from
information from any governmental or regulatory authority with jurisdiction over the party from whom information is sought, or (2) limit or preclude a party hereto from exercising any rights under this Agreement or conveying its opinion and
views to any members of the Board or management of the Company privately and in a manner that does not require public disclosure by the Company or GI; provided, further, that GI can communicate to its investors (including in its quarterly
investor letters regarding its views on the Companys business, operations or financial performance, in an objective and non-disparaging fashion consistent with the terms of this Agreement); 

(viii) without the prior written approval of the Board, separately or in conjunction with any other person or entity in which it is or
proposes to be either a principal, partner or financing source or is acting or proposes to act as broker or agent for compensation, publicly propose or effect any tender offer or exchange offer, merger, acquisition, reorganization, restructuring,
recapitalization, financing or other business combination involving the Company or a material amount of the assets or businesses of the Company (an Extraordinary Transaction) or actively encourage, initiate or support any other
Third Party in any such activity, in each case either publicly or in a manner that would reasonably be expected to require public disclosure by the Company or GI (it being understood that the foregoing shall not restrict any person or entity from
tendering shares, receiving payment for shares or otherwise participating in any Extraordinary Transaction on the same basis as other shareholders of the Company); 

(ix) acquire, offer or propose to acquire, solicit an offer to acquire, or agree to acquire (except as a result of Company buy-backs or share repurchases or by way of stock dividends or other distributions or offerings made available to holders of Voting Securities of the Company generally on a pro rata basis), alone or in concert with
any Third Party, any Company Interests (as defined below), in each case, if such acquisition, offer, agreement or transaction would result in GI (together with its Affiliates) having beneficial ownership of, or aggregate economic exposure to, more
than 9.99%, of the Common Stock outstanding at such time; 

(x) engage in any short sale or any purchase, sale, or grant of any option,
warrant, convertible security, share appreciation right, or other similar right (including any put or call option or swap transaction) with respect to any security (other than any index fund, exchange traded fund, benchmark fund or broad
basket of securities) that includes, relates to, or derives any significant part of its value from a decline in the market price or value of any of the securities of the Company and would, in the aggregate, result in GI ceasing to have a net
long position in the Company; 

(xi) institute, solicit or join as a party any litigation, arbitration or other proceeding against or
involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of its or their respective current or former directors or officers (including derivative actions); provided, however, that for the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall not prevent GI
or its Affiliates from (A) bringing litigation against the Company to enforce any provision of this Agreement instituted in accordance with and subject to Section 2, (B) making counterclaims with respect to any proceeding initiated by, or
on behalf of, the Company or its Affiliates against GI, (C) bringing bona fide commercial disputes that do not relate to the subject matter of this Agreement, (D) exercising statutory appraisal rights or (E) responding to or complying
with validly issued legal process; or 

(xii) request, directly or indirectly, any amendment or waiver of the foregoing in a manner that
would be reasonably likely to require public disclosure by GI (or any GI Affiliates) or the Company. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the restrictions in
this Section 2(a) shall terminate automatically upon the occurrence of either of the following: (i) any material breach of this Agreement by the Company (including a failure to issue the Press Release in accordance
with Section 3) upon five (5) business days written notice by GI to the Company if such breach has not been cured within such notice period, provided that GI is not in material breach of this Agreement at
the time such notice is given or prior to the end of the notice period; or (ii) the Companys entry into a definitive agreement with respect to a Change of Control Transaction. 

5 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement or the Company
Policies will prohibit or restrict GI or its Affiliates from (A) making any public or private statement or announcement with respect to any Change of Control Transaction that is publicly announced by the Company or a third party,
(B) making any factual statement to comply with any subpoena or other legal process or respond to a request for information from any governmental authority with jurisdiction over such person from whom information is sought (so long as such
process or request did not arise as a result of discretionary acts by GI), (C) granting any liens or encumbrances on any claims or interests in favor of a bank or broker-dealer or prime broker holding such claims or interests in custody or prime
brokerage, which lien or encumbrance is released upon the transfer of such claims or interests in accordance with the terms of the custody or prime brokerage agreement(s), as applicable, (D) negotiating, evaluating or trading, directly or
indirectly, in any index fund, exchange traded fund, benchmark fund or broad basket of securities which may contain or otherwise reflect the performance of, but not primarily consist of, securities of the Company, or (E) providing its views
privately to the Board or the Companys Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel, or members of the investor relations team made available for communications involving broad-based groups of
investors (including through participation in investor meetings or conferences) regarding any matter. 

(b) During the
Standstill Period, so long as the Company and the Board are not in breach of their obligations pursuant to this Agreement, GI together with all controlled Affiliates of GI (such controlled Affiliates, collectively and individually, the GI
Affiliates) shall cause all Voting Securities owned by GI and the GI Affiliates, directly or indirectly, whether owned of record or Beneficially Owned, to be present for quorum purposes and to be voted, (i) for all Company directors
nominated by the Board for election at the 2025 Annual Meeting or, if applicable, any other meeting or action by written consent of stockholders solicited by the Company or any Third Party during the Standstill Period, (ii) against any
stockholder nominations for directors that are not approved and recommended by the Board for election, (iii) against any proposals or resolutions to remove any member of the Board and (iv) in accordance with voting recommendations by the
Board with respect to the Companys proposals at the 2025 Annual Meeting regarding say-on-pay and the ratification of the appointment of the
Companys independent auditor; provided, however, that in the event that both Institutional Shareholder Services and Glass Lewis & Co. (including any successor thereto) issues a voting recommendation that differs from the voting
recommendation of the Board with respect to any Company sponsored proposal submitted to stockholders at a stockholder meeting (other than with respect to the election of directors to the Board, the removal of directors from the Board, the size of
the Board or the filling of vacancies on the Board), GI and its Affiliates shall be permitted to vote in accordance with any such recommendation; provided, further, that, GI and its Affiliates shall be permitted to vote in their sole
discretion with respect to Company directors nominated by the Board not disclosed to GI prior to the execution of this Agreement. 

3.
Public Announcements. No later than 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time, on February 25, 2025, the Company shall announce this Agreement by means of a press release in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Press
Release) and shall release a separate press release announcing the Companys intent to separate its food processing business in substantially the same form as provided to GI prior to the date hereof. None of the Company (and the
Company shall cause each of its Affiliates, directors and officers not to), GI and the GI Affiliates shall make or cause to be made any public announcement or statement with respect to the subject of this Agreement that is in any way inconsistent
with the statements made in the Press Release, except as required by law or the rules of any stock exchange, in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement, or with the prior written consent of the other party hereto. GI acknowledges and
agrees that the Company intends to file this Agreement and file or furnish the Press Release with the SEC as exhibits to a Current Report on Form 8-K and to file this Agreement as an exhibit to future filings
with the SEC, and the Company acknowledges and agrees that GI shall have reasonable advance review and consultation rights upon any Current Report on Form 8-K filing (or amendment thereto) or press release
made by the Company with respect to this Agreement. 

4. Representations and Warranties of All Parties. Each of the parties hereto
represents and warrants to the other party hereto that: (a) such party has all requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder; (b) this Agreement has been duly and validly
authorized, executed and delivered by such party and assuming the valid execution and delivery hereof by the other party, is a valid and binding obligation of such party, enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms; and (c) the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement does not and will not (i) violate or conflict with any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to such party, or (ii) result in any breach or violation of or
constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could constitute a breach, violation or default) under or pursuant to, or result in the loss of a material benefit under, or give any right of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation of, any organizational document, agreement, contract, commitment, understanding or arrangement to which such party is a party or by which it is bound. 

6 

5. Representations and Warranties of GI. GI represents and warrants that, as of the
date of this Agreement: (a) GI, together with all of the GI Affiliates, collectively Beneficially Own, an aggregate of 2,635,866 shares of Common Stock; (b) except for such ownership or as set forth on Schedule A hereto, neither GI,
individually or in the aggregate with all of the GI Affiliates, has any other Beneficial Ownership or have any economic exposure to any Voting Securities; and (c) GI, collectively with the GI Affiliates, has a net long position of
2,635,866 shares of Common Stock. 

6. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, 

(i) the term Affiliate shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 promulgated
by the SEC under the Exchange Act; 

(ii) the term Beneficial Ownership of Voting Securities means ownership
of: (i) Voting Securities and (ii) rights or options to own or acquire any Voting Securities (whether such right or option is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time or upon the satisfaction of one or more conditions
(whether or not within the control of such person), compliance with regulatory requirements or otherwise). For purposes of Section 2, no person shall be, or be deemed to be, the Beneficial Owner of, or to
beneficially own, any securities beneficially owned by any director of the Company to the extent such securities were acquired directly from the Company by such director as or pursuant to director compensation for serving as a director
of the Company; 

(iii) the term Change of Control Transaction means (x) any transaction pursuant to which any
person becomes a Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50% of the Companys then-outstanding equity interests and voting power, (y) any merger or stock-for-stock transaction with a Third Party whereby immediately after the consummation of the transaction, the Companys stockholders retain less than 50% of the equity interests and
voting power of the surviving entitys then-outstanding equity securities or (z) the sale of all or substantially all of the Companys assets to a Third Party; 

(iv) the term Company Interests means (x) any Voting Securities, (y) any other direct or indirect interest in any
securities of the Company or any direct or indirect rights, warrants or options to acquire, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for, any securities of the Company, or (z) any contracts or rights in any way related to the acquisition
or price of securities or interests of the Company (whether Beneficially, constructively or synthetically through any derivative or trading position or otherwise). 

(v) the term Confidential Information shall mean (x)(A) any materials, resolutions or other information prepared for
consideration at any meeting, or for any action by written consent in lieu of a meeting, of the Board or any committee thereof, (B) all discussions and deliberations occurring during Board or committee meetings, (y) (A) any and all
information communicated in writing, orally, by electronic or magnetic or any other media, by visual observation or by any other means, on or after the date of this Agreement, whether or not labeled as confidential, which is disclosed or otherwise
provided by, or on behalf or at the request of, the Company or its subsidiaries, to the New Director, (B) proprietary information of the Company or any of its Affiliates that is disclosed to the New
Director in his capacity as a director of the Company, and (C) information disclosed or otherwise provided to the New Director by, or on behalf or at the request of the Company or any of its Affiliates which relates to current, planned or
proposed products, marketing and business plans, methods of doing business, forecasts, projections and analyses, financial information, and joint venture, vendor and customer information and (z) all notes, reports, analyses,
compilations, studies, interpretations or other materials, whether prepared by the New Director or by a GI Professional, that contain, reflect or are derived or based (in whole or in part) upon any Confidential Information; provided that
(1) Confidential Information shall not include information that (w) is or becomes available to the public other than as a result of a breach of this Agreement by GI or a GI Affiliate, (x) is already in the lawful possession of GI or a
GI Affiliate prior to the date of this Agreement, (y) becomes available to GI or a GI Affiliate on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Company, provided that such information is
not known by GI or a GI Affiliate to be subject to an obligation of confidentiality to the Company or (z) is or has been independently conceived or developed by GI or a GI Affiliate without use of, or reference to, Confidential Information;

(vi) the term the Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder; it being agreed that references to Exchange Act provisions or other provisions of securities law shall refer to such provisions as in effect on the date hereof; 

7 

(vii) the term net long position shall have the meaning ascribed to is
under Rule 14e-4 under the Exchange Act; 

(viii) the terms person or
persons mean any individual, corporation (including not-for-profit), general or limited partnership, limited liability or unlimited liability company,
joint venture, estate, trust, association, organization or other entity of any kind or nature; and 

(ix) the term Voting
Securities shall mean the Common Stock, and any other securities of the Company entitled to vote in the election of directors, or securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock or such other securities,
whether or not subject to the passage of time or other contingencies; provided that as it pertains to any obligations of GI and any of its Affiliates hereunder, Voting Securities will not include any securities contained in any
index fund, exchange traded fund, benchmark fund or broad basket of securities which may contain or otherwise reflect the performance of, but not primarily consist of, securities or other interests of the Company. 

7. Specific Performance; Venue; Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial. 

(a) The parties hereto recognize and agree that if for any reason any of the provisions of this Agreement are not performed in accordance with
their specific terms or are otherwise breached, immediate and irreparable harm or injury would be caused for which money damages would not be an adequate remedy. Accordingly, each party hereto agrees that in addition to other remedies the other
party hereto shall be entitled to at law or equity, the other party hereto shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement exclusively in
the Court of Chancery or other federal or state courts of the State of Delaware. 

(b) Furthermore, each of the parties hereto
(i) consents to submit itself to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery or other federal or state courts of the State of Delaware in the event any dispute arises out of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, (ii) agrees that it shall not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from any such court, (iii) agrees that it shall not bring any action relating to this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement in any court other than the Court of Chancery or other federal or state courts of the State of Delaware, and (iv) irrevocably consents to service of process by a reputable overnight mail delivery
service, signature requested, to the address of such partys principal place of business or as otherwise provided by applicable law. 

(c) This Agreement shall be governed in all respects, including validity, interpretation and effect, by the laws of the State of Delaware
applicable to contracts executed and to be performed wholly within such State without giving effect to the choice of law principles of such State. 

(d) Each of the parties hereto, after consulting or having had the opportunity to consult with counsel, knowingly, voluntarily and
intentionally waives any right that such party may have to a trial by jury in any litigation based upon or arising out of this Agreement or any related instrument or agreement, or any of the transactions contemplated thereby, or any course of
conduct, dealing, statements (whether oral or written), or actions of any of them. No party hereto shall seek to consolidate, by counterclaim or otherwise, any action in which a jury trial has been waived with any other action in which a jury trial
cannot be or has not been waived. 

8. No Waiver. Any waiver by any party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement
shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Agreement. The failure of a party hereto to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Agreement on one
or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Agreement. 

9. Entire Agreement. This Agreement (together with the exhibits and schedules hereto) contains the entire understanding of the
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior and contemporaneous agreements, memoranda, arrangements and understandings, both written and oral, between the parties, or any of them, with respect to the
subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended only by an agreement in writing executed by the parties hereto. 

8 

10. Notices. All notices, consents, requests, instructions, approvals and other
communications provided for herein and all legal process in regard to this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed validly given, made or served, (a) when delivered in person, (b) if given by email, when such email is sent to the
email address set forth in Schedule B hereto and appropriate confirmation is received (provided such confirmation is not automatically generated), or (c) if given by any other means, when actually received during normal business
hours at the address specified in Schedule B hereto. 

11. Severability. If at any time subsequent to the date hereof, any
provision of this Agreement is held by any court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or unenforceable, such provision will be of no force and effect, but the illegality or unenforceability of such provision will have no effect upon the
legality or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. In addition, the parties hereto agree to use their best efforts to agree upon and substitute a valid and enforceable provision for any provision that is held illegal, void or
unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction. 

12. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts
and by scanned computer image (such as .pdf), each of which will be deemed to be an original copy of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, no party hereto shall be bound by any contractual obligation to the other parties hereto until all
counterparts to this Agreement have been duly executed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to the other parties hereto (including by means of electronic delivery). 

13. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall not be assignable by any of the parties to this Agreement. This Agreement, however,
shall be binding on successors of the parties hereto. 

14. No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is solely for the benefit
of the parties hereto and is not enforceable by any other persons. 

15. Fees and Expenses. Each party to this Agreement will bear
and pay all fees, costs and expenses that have been incurred or that are incurred in the future by such party in connection with, relating to or resulting from such partys efforts and actions, and any preparations therefor, prior to the
execution and delivery of this Agreement, including communications between GI, on the one hand, and the Board and the Companys management, on the other hand, GIs Hart-Scott-Rodino filing and each such partys preparation of this
Agreement. 

16. Interpretation and Construction. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that it has been represented by counsel of
its choice throughout all negotiations that have preceded the execution of this Agreement, and that it has executed the same with the advice of said independent counsel. Each party hereto and its counsel cooperated and participated in the drafting
and preparation of this Agreement and the documents referred to herein, and any and all drafts relating thereto exchanged among the parties hereto shall be deemed the work product of all of the parties hereto and may not be construed against any
party hereto by reason of its drafting or preparation. Accordingly, any rule of law or any legal decision that would require interpretation of any ambiguities in this Agreement against any party hereto that drafted or prepared it is of no
application and is hereby expressly waived by each of the parties hereto, and any controversy over interpretations of this Agreement will be decided without regard to events of drafting or preparation. The section headings contained in this
Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. The terms include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the word
without limitation in all instances. 

17. Termination. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement
will terminate upon the expiration of the Standstill Period. Upon such termination, this Agreement shall have no further force and effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sections 1(a)(iv), 1(a)(v), 1(b),
1(d)(ii), and 6 to 17 shall survive termination of this Agreement, and no termination of this Agreement shall relieve any party of liability for any breach of this Agreement arising prior to such
termination. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has executed this Cooperation Agreement, or
caused the same to be executed by its duly authorized representative as of the date first above written. 

THE MIDDLEBY CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Michael D. Thompson

Name: Michael D. Thompson

Title: General Counsel & Secretary

GARDEN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT, L.P.

By: 

/s/ Brian Jacoby

Name: Brian Jacoby

Title: Authorized Person
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d924983dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

1400 Toastmaster Drive, Elgin, Illinois 60120 (847) 741-3300 www.middleby.com

Middleby Appoints Ed Garden and Julie Bowerman to its Board of Directors 

ELGIN, Ill., February 25, 2025 The Middleby Corporation (NASDAQ: MIDD), a leading worldwide manufacturer of equipment for
commercial foodservice, residential kitchens and food processing industries, today announced the appointment of Julie Bowerman and Ed Garden to its Board of Directors, effective immediately. 

Ms. Bowerman is an experienced public company director with more than 25 years of success in the food and beverage industry. She currently serves as
Chief Marketing Officer of Kellanova Company. Ms. Bowerman previously served as Chief Marketing Officer and E-Commerce Officer of Kellogg Company before Kellanova was created through a 2023 spin-off by Kelloggs. Prior to that, she held senior leadership positions at Hain Celestial Group and The Coca-Cola Company. In those roles, Ms. Bowerman led the global development of digital capabilities
and omni-channel business models that generated incremental topline growth and bottom-line accretion. She currently serves on the Boards of Bridges Consumer Healthcare LLC and Brixmor Property Group. 

Mr. Garden is the Founding Partner of Garden Investments and was formerly the Chief Investment Officer and a Founding Partner of Trian Partners, and
currently serves as a director at General Electric Company. He brings investment and financial expertise, as well as a strong track record of enhancing value for shareholders. With deep public company board experience, Mr. Garden has previously
served as a director of, among other companies, Invesco Ltd., Legg Mason, Inc., The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation, Family Dollar Stores, Inc., Pentair plc and The Wendys Company. 

We are pleased to welcome Julie and Ed to Middlebys Board, said Tim FitzGerald, Middleby CEO. We are confident they will be valuable
additions to our boardroom with unique expertise and insights as we advance the execution of Middlebys long-term strategy and maximize shareholder value. I look forward to partnering with Julie and Ed on the path ahead to continue unlocking
Middlebys value potential as we optimize our portfolio and complete our spin-off transaction to best position Middleby Food Processing and Middleby RemainCo for success and industry leadership.

The Board additions announced today reflect Middlebys long-standing commitment to best-in-class governance practices and active, constructive shareholder engagement, said Gordon OBrien, Middleby Board Chairman. The appointment of Julie follows a comprehensive and ongoing
review of a strong slate of candidates, supported by external advisors, all as part of our refreshment process. As Middleby moves into its next chapter, we are confident that Julie and Ed will strengthen our Boards depth of expertise with
their fresh perspectives as we drive value for our shareholders. 

It is a privilege to join Middlebys Board at this pivotal time for the
Company as it executes its value-enhancing spin-off transaction, creating two standalone, independent companies that will each be able to pursue their own growth strategies with renewed focus and vigor,
said Mr. Garden. Middleby is a great company and well-positioned at the forefront of the industry, with positive momentum and a clear strategy to optimize its portfolio and drive future growth and shareholder value. I look forward to
working closely with Tim and the rest of the Board and management team to support the strategic and operational initiatives underway and create long-term value for shareholders. 

With the additions of Ms. Bowerman and Mr. Garden to the Companys Board, the Board will
temporarily expand to eleven directors, ten of whom are independent. Ms. Bowerman and Mr. Garden will stand for election at Middlebys 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Annual Meeting) as part of the Companys
recommended slate of director nominees. In addition, long-standing director John Miller has notified the Company of his plans to retire and that he does not intend to stand for re-election at the Annual
Meeting. Following the Annual Meeting, Middlebys Board will be fixed at ten directors. 

On behalf of the entire Board, we would like thank
John for his invaluable contributions to Middleby over his many years on our Board, said Mr. OBrien. He has been instrumental in the success of the Company over the past several decades and from its public inception. John has
contributed greatly to the growth of the Company from its small beginnings into the global foodservice leader it is today. We wish him all the best in retirement. 

Mr. Gardens appointment is in connection with a cooperation agreement the Company has made with Garden Investments, pursuant to which Garden
Investments has agreed to support the full slate of directors at the Annual Meeting, among other provisions. A complete copy of the cooperation agreement will be filed on Form 8-K with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission. 

About The Middleby Corporation 

The Middleby Corporation is a global leader in the foodservice industry. The company develops and manufactures a broad line of solutions used in commercial
foodservice, food processing, and residential kitchens. Middleby showcases its advanced solutions in the Middleby Innovation Kitchens for commercial foodservice, industrial baking and protein Innovation Centers for food processing solutions and state-of-the-art, award-winning Middleby Residential showrooms. For more information about Middleby, please visit www.middleby.com.

Contacts 

Investor relations inquiries: 

John Joyner 

VP of Investor Relations 

jjoyner@middleby.com 

Media inquiries: 

Darcy Bretz 

VP of Corporate Communications 

dbretz@middleby.com 

OR 

Sharon Stern / Kaitlin Kikalo / Thomas Crosson 

Joele Frank,
Wilkinson Brimmer Katcher 

212-355-4449

MIDD-Media@joelefrank.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d924983dex992.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.2
<TEXT>
EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2 

1400 Toastmaster Drive, Elgin, Illinois 60120 (847) 741-3300 www.middleby.com

Middleby Announces Intent to Separate Food Processing Business into a Standalone Public Company, 

Creating Independent Innovative Leaders in the Kitchen Equipment and Food Processing Industries 

Food Processing to be a Fast-Growing and Nimble Standalone Business with
Best-in-Class Technologies 

for Industrial Protein,
Bakery, and Snack Processors 

Middleby RemainCo Well-Positioned to Drive Sustainable Growth and Margin Expansion Through 

Innovation Leadership and Differentiated Go-To-Market
Capabilities in Commercial Foodservice and 

Residential Kitchens 

Separation of Food Processing Expected to be Achieved Through Tax-FreeSpin-Off

and be Completed Early 2026 

Company Separately Announces Q4 and Full-Year 2024 Financial Results and Appointment of 

Independent Directors to its Board 

ELGIN, Ill., February 25, 2025 The Middleby Corporation (NASDAQ: MIDD), a leading worldwide manufacturer of equipment for
commercial foodservice, residential kitchens and food processing industries, today announced that as an update on its previously announced strategic review its Board of Directors has unanimously approved a plan to separate its food processing
business into a standalone public company. This separation creates two independent and innovative leaders: The Middleby Corporation (Middleby RemainCo) and Middleby Food Processing. Middleby intends to execute the separation through a tax-freespin-off, which is expected to be completed by early 2026.

Todays announcement is the result of a comprehensive review of our business portfolio over the past several quarters and is an importantmilestone in our work to unlock Middlebys full value potential, said Tim FitzGerald, Middleby CEO. Our team has successfully built a premier food processing business with necessary scale to take this next strategic step,
enabling us to best position each of these highly successful businesses. 

As an independent company, Middleby Food Processing will become an
even more focused and scaled entity, with best-in-class solutions serving attractive markets supported by favorable industry trends. Mr. FitzGerald continued,
Significant potential for growth exists organically and through continued strategic M&A, with a robust pipeline of existing opportunities. We believe this separation will deliver benefits for our customers and team members, all while
creating significant long-term value for our shareholders. 

With a sharpened focus, we expect Middleby RemainCo to extend our market
leadership in commercial foodservice and residential kitchens and fully capitalize on our synergistic portfolio of product innovations and premium brands as we further expand our top-tier margins and continue
to grow our cash generation, said Mr. FitzGerald. 

The separation of Food Processing is expected to create value for all Middleby shareholders and stakeholders
through the following benefits: 

Enables heightened strategic focus at each standalone entity 

Creates market-leading businesses, recognized as technology-driven product innovators in their respective
industries 

Enables Food Processing to be valued in-line with key food processing
peers 

Allows for each standalone entity to implement an optimized capital structure and capital allocation policy, best
supporting growth opportunities for their respective businesses 

Creates financial flexibility to pursue optimal growth strategies throughout investment cycles

Enhances financial and strategic impact of M&A for each business 

Focused boards of directors and management teams with deep domain expertise 

Middleby Food Processing: Creating a Scalable Best-in-Class Business
Focused Exclusively on Industrial Food Markets 

Middleby Food Processing will enter the market with category-leading brands and a synergistic portfolio
of best-in-classend-to-end solutions for industrial protein, bakery, and snack
processors. As a standalone company, Middleby Food Processing is expected to build upon its strong track record of long-term sales growth and industry-leading margins to drive returns at or above peer levels, unlocking its full value potential. 

Operating in highly attractive markets, and leveraging existing relationships with leading industrial customers, Middleby Food Processing will continue its
focus on full-line solutions, further expansion into adjacent markets and launch of new product innovations to continue to bolster a best-in-class growth trajectory.
Alongside its actionable organic initiatives, Middleby Food Processings strong M&A pipeline supports a significant growth opportunity and ability to quickly scale. 

Capitalizing on ongoing growth trends, in 2024, the food processing business achieved $731 million in revenue, $1871 million in Adjusted EBITDA, and an Adjusted EBITDA Margin above 25%1. 

Middleby RemainCo: A Focused, Innovation-Driven Leader in Commercial Foodservice and Residential Kitchen Technologies 

Following the completion of the separation, Middleby RemainCo will exclusively specialize in kitchen equipment markets across commercial and residential
customers, with a focus on driving organic growth of its portfolio of industry-leading premium brands. Supported by a strong financial foundation, Middleby RemainCo expects to accelerate top-line revenues,
realizing the benefits of recent and continuing investments in next generation product innovations and differentiated go-to-market capabilities. Further leveraging our
scale and through realizing synergies across our businesses, Middleby RemainCo will continue delivering top-tier margins, returns and cash generation. 

Middleby RemainCo will continue to build upon its market leadership in commercial foodservice, and is best
positioned amongst its peers to lead future trends in automation, digital technologies and IoT, while further extending into large attractive markets such as ice and beverage. Middleby RemainCos residential business, through recent commercial
and operational investments, is well positioned to capture the benefits from the resurgence in the residential kitchen market. 

Driven by Middleby
RemainCos unique ability to drive efficiencies and industry innovation, the kitchen equipment businesses produced strong 2024 financial results with $2,419 million in revenue,
$6641 million in Adjusted EBITDA and an Adjusted EBITDA Margin over 27%1 in Middleby RemainCos commercial foodservice business, and
$725 million in revenue, $741 million in Adjusted EBITDA and an Adjusted EBITDA Margin of 10%1 in Middleby RemainCos
residential kitchen business. 

Transaction Details 

The separation transaction is expected to be effected through a spin-off of Middlebys food processing business,
under which the stock of Food Processing, as a new independent publicly-traded company, will be distributed to Middlebys shareholders. Middleby is targeting a completion of the separation by early 2026, subject to certain customary conditions,
including, among others, final approval by Middlebys Board of Directors and the effectiveness of appropriate filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The spin-off of Food Processing is
expected to be tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes. There can be no assurance that any separation transaction will ultimately occur or, if one does occur, of its terms or timing. 

Conference Call and Webcast 

Middleby separately reported
today its 2024 fourth quarter financial results. The Company has posted an investor presentation regarding its earnings results, as well as a separate presentation providing additional detail on the separation to its website and has scheduled an
investor call at 8:00 a.m. Eastern Time / 7:00 a.m. Central Time to discuss its results and todays announcement. 

The conference call will be
accessible through the investor relations section of the company website at www.middleby.com. If website access is not available, attendees can join the conference by dialing 1-844-481-3012, or 1-412-317-1878 for international access, and ask to join the
Middleby conference call. The conference call will be available for replay from the companys website. 

Advisors 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is serving as exclusive financial advisor to Middleby and Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP is serving as its
legal advisor. 

About The Middleby Corporation 

The
Middleby Corporation is a global leader in the foodservice industry. The company develops and manufactures a broad line of solutions used in commercial foodservice, food processing, and residential kitchens. Middleby showcases its advanced solutions
in the Middleby Innovation Kitchens for commercial foodservice, industrial baking and protein Innovation Centers for food processing solutions and
state-of-the-art, award-winning Middleby Residential showrooms. For more information about Middleby, please visit
www.middleby.com. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release contains forward-looking statements subject to the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking
statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause the Companys actual results, performance or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. The
following are some of the important factors that could cause The Middleby Corporations (the Company) actual results, performance or outcomes to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements: changing
market conditions; volatility in earnings resulting from goodwill impairment losses, which may occur irregularly and in varying amounts; variability in financing costs and interest rates; quarterly variations in operating results; dependence on key
customers; risks associated with the Companys foreign operations, including international exposure, political risks affecting international sales, market acceptance and demand for the Companys products and the Companys ability to
manage the risk associated with the exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; the Companys ability to protect its trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property; changing market conditions, including inflation; the
impact of competitive products and pricing; the impact of announced management and organizational changes; the state of the residential construction, housing and home improvement markets; the state of the credit markets, including mortgages, home
equity loans and consumer credit; intense competition in the Companys business segments including the impact of both new and established global competitors; unfavorable tax law changes and tax authority rulings; cybersecurity attacks and other
breaches in security; the continued ability to realize profitable growth through the sourcing and completion of strategic acquisitions; the timely development and market acceptance of the Companys products; the availability and cost of raw
materials; the possibility that the proposed spin-off of the Companys Food Processing business (FP or FP business) will not be consummated within the anticipated time period or at
all, including as the result of regulatory, market or other factors, including the possibility that various closing conditions for the spin-off may not be satisfied; the potential disruption to our business in
connection with the proposed spin-off; the potential that the FP business and the Company do not realize all of the expected benefits of the spin-off; that the spin-off may be more difficult, time consuming or costly than expected; the failure of the spin-off to qualify for the expected tax treatment; the duration and outcome of the
Companys ongoing strategic review (Strategic Review) with respect to its Residential Kitchen business; potential adverse effects of the Strategic Review or announcement of the proposed FP
spin-off or, in each case, results thereof, including on the market price of the Companys common stock, the ability of the Company to develop and maintain relationships with personnel, customers,
suppliers and others with whom it does business or the Companys business, financial condition, results of operations and financial performance; risks related to diversion of the Companys managements attention from its ongoing
business operations due to the Strategic Review and the proposed FP spin-off; and other risks detailed in the Companys SEC filings. All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their
entirety by these cautionary statements. The forward-looking statements included in this press release are made only as of the date hereof and, except as required by federal securities laws and rules and regulations of the SEC, the Company
undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Source: The Middleby Corporation 

(1) excluding any corporate or stand-alone company costs 

Contacts 

Investor relations inquiries: 

John Joyner 

VP of Investor Relations 

jjoyner@middleby.com 

Media inquiries: 

Darcy Bretz 

VP of Corporate Communications 

dbretz@middleby.com 

OR 

Sharon Stern / Kaitlin Kikalo / Thomas Crosson 

Joele Frank,
Wilkinson Brimmer Katcher 

212-355-4449

MIDD-Media@joelefrank.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d924983dex993.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.3
<TEXT>
EX-99.3

Strategic Review Update: Middleby to
Separate Food Processing Business into Standalone Public Company Exhibit 99.3

Forward-Looking Statements This
presentation contains "forward-looking statements" subject to the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause the Company's
actual results, performance or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. The following are some of the important factors that could cause The Middleby Corporations (the
Company) actual results, performance or outcomes to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements: changing market conditions; volatility in earnings resulting from goodwill impairment losses, which may occur
irregularly and in varying amounts; variability in financing costs and interest rates; quarterly variations in operating results; dependence on key customers; risks associated with the Company's foreign operations, including international exposure,
political risks affecting international sales, market acceptance and demand for the Company's products and the Company's ability to manage the risk associated with the exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; the Company's ability to
protect its trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property; changing market conditions, including inflation; the impact of competitive products and pricing; the impact of announced management and organizational changes; the state of the
residential construction, housing and home improvement markets; the state of the credit markets, including mortgages, home equity loans and consumer credit; intense competition in the Company's business segments including the impact of both new and
established global competitors; unfavorable tax law changes and tax authority rulings; cybersecurity attacks and other breaches in security; the continued ability to realize profitable growth through the sourcing and completion of strategic
acquisitions; the timely development and market acceptance of the Company's products; the availability and cost of raw materials; the possibility that the proposed spin-off of the Companys Food Processing business (FP or
FP business) will not be consummated within the anticipated time period or at all, including as the result of regulatory, market or other factors, including the possibility that various closing conditions for the spin-off may not be
satisfied; the potential disruption to our business in connection with the proposed spin-off; the potential that the FP business and the Company do not realize all of the expected benefits of the spin-off; that the spin-off may be more difficult,
time consuming or costly than expected; the failure of the spin-off to qualify for the expected tax treatment; the duration and outcome of the Companys ongoing strategic review (Strategic Review) with respect to its Residential
Kitchen business; potential adverse effects of the Strategic Review or announcement of the proposed FP spin-off or, in each case, results thereof, including on the market price of the Company's common stock, the ability of the Company to develop and
maintain relationships with personnel, customers, suppliers and others with whom it does business or the Company's business, financial condition, results of operations and financial performance; risks related to diversion of the Companys
management's attention from its ongoing business operations due to the Strategic Review and the proposed FP spin-off; and other risks detailed in the Companys SEC filings. All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their
entirety by these cautionary statements. The forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made only as of the date hereof and, except as required by federal securities laws and rules and regulations of the SEC, the Company undertakes
no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information This presentation contains information about the Companys and
FPs financial results which are not presented in accordance with GAAP. Specifically, Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure. Adjusted EBITDA represents net income before depreciation and amortization (including asset impairments),
interest expense, income tax (expense) benefit, other income (expense), net, equity income (loss), net of tax, restructuring and other special items. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA margin, which is Adjusted EBITDA as a percent of revenue, is also a
non-GAAP financial measure. The non-GAAP financial measures disclosed by the Company should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, and the financial results prepared in accordance
with GAAP. Also, Middleby RemainCo represents an aggregation of the Companys Commercial Foodservice Equipment Group and Residential Kitchen Equipment Group reportable operating segments, which is also a non-GAAP financial measure. In
addition, the non-GAAP financial measures included in this presentation do not have standard meanings and may vary from similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. The Company believes Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA
margin are useful as supplements to its GAAP results of operations to evaluate certain aspects of its operations and financial performance, and its management team primarily focuses on non-GAAP items in evaluating performance for business planning
purposes. The Company believes that its presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures is useful because it provides investors and securities analysts with the same information that it uses internally for purposes of assessing its core operating
performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on the Investors section of the Company's website.

Strategic Rationale for a Separation
of Food Processing Enables each entity to have a unique, optimized capital structure and capital allocation policy in-line with individual business models and strategic / operational priorities Enhances strategic and financial impact of M&A
across each business entity Provides greater exposure to and deeper understanding of each entitys standalone growth story, business strategies, and performance, aligned with respective macroeconomic trends Next chapter of growth
for highly successful but inherently different businesses that will benefit from a renewed focus on individual core strategies, driving a full valuation in line with best-in-class peers for each entity As Part of a Comprehensive
Assessment of its Portfolio, Middlebys Board of Directors Has Decided to Spin-off the Companys Food Processing Business

$0.7bn 2024A Revenue $0.2bn1 2024A
Adj. EBITDA ~26%1 Adj. EBITDA Margin $3.1bn 2024A Revenue $0.7bn1 2024A Adj. EBITDA ~23%1 Adj. EBITDA Margin Fast growing and focused food processing market leader with a best-in-class financial profile Business will benefit from its own capital
structure, investor base and acquisition currency Strong M&A pipeline and actionable organic initiatives support a significant growth opportunity and ability to quickly scale Founded on Middlebys culture, Food Processing can realize its
long-term strategic vision with independence to fuel visible growth Market-leading brands in kitchen equipment across Commercial and Residential end-markets in both food and beverage Positioned to accelerate sales growth, capitalizing on next
generation product innovation and differentiated go-to-market investments Top-tier margins and cash generation combined with further opportunities to scale in the market Significant upside in volumes and margin at Residential Kitchen through market
recovery and realization of strategic investments With distinct identities, market leading companies are well positioned to accelerate growth Separation Enables Focused and Capability-Aligned Companies with Best-in-Class Financial Profiles 1 As
reported in 2024A earnings release and excludes any allocation of corporate costs. REMAINCO

Trusted by Key Blue Chip
Customers Middleby Food Processing Competitive Advantages Portfolio of Industry Leading Food Processing Brands 1 As reported in 2024A earnings release and excludes any allocation of corporate costs. Creating a Standalone Leader in the
Protein, Baking, and Snack Industries Best-in-Class, end-to-end solutions for industrial protein, bakery, and snack processors 1 Track record of long-term organic and acquisition driven sales growth 2 Industry leading Adj. EBITDA margins at ~26%1 3
Innovative automation technologies are in demand across highly attractive end-markets 4 TAM expansion opportunities into adjacent food applications such as snack, poultry, and pet food 5

Middleby Food Processing
Customer-Focused Innovation Leader with Long-term Industry Tailwinds We Develop Innovative, Industry-leading Processing Equipment Designed to . . . ACCELERATE PROCESSING IMPROVE THROUGHPUT INCREASE YIELDS RAISE PROFITABILITY MAXIMIZE SANITATION
SAFER DESIGN, EASIER CLEANING MAINTAIN CONSISTENCY HIGHER QUALITY PRACTICE SUSTAINABILITY TAKE ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY EXPAND CAPACITY MORE PRODUCTION, LESS PEOPLE REDUCE COSTS OPERATING AND CAPITAL 

Middleby Food Processing Delivering
Innovation. .Indexed to Favorable Industry Trends End-to-end solutions being powered by labor challenges and a greater need for automation Minimizing cost of ownership while also maximizing finished product quality Clean labels with
longer shelf life drive enhanced adoption of best-in-class equipment solutions Food security creates a need for localization of processing plants around the world Sustainability goals set by processors are forcing the adoption of food, water, and
waste-related initiatives Customer-Focused Innovation Leader with Long-term Industry Tailwinds Poultry Automation Thermal Automation Frying Automation Slicing Automation Micron-Pro Complete oil management solution Reduce waste, increase operator
safety, improve product quality Thurne One Bacon Dedicated, consistent high-performance slicer for turkey / belly bacon Unprecedented yield and throughput MP Equipment Thoroughbreader No-compromise, 3-mode breader Achieves precise pickup control and
significant breader savings Alkar Turbochef Only oven with microwave, convection, and steam functionality Up to 15% yield improvements with 35% less cooking time and 50% less wastewater 

Robust History of Food Processing
M&A Has Created Leading Portfolio of Innovative Platforms and Brands Expanded Meat Processing Offerings $3 $55 $70 $79 $66 $108 $133 $252 $302 $323 $298 $342 $353 $390 $401 $437 $481 $574 $721 $731 Net Sales ($mm) ~$750mm in capital
allocated to Food Processing M&A since 2005 Industry Leading Food Processing platform created through 30+ strategic acquisitions of highly complementary brands and product innovations for targeted food applications Further synergies to be
realized across the platform supporting future revenue growth and operational improvements Robust Pipeline with ~35 Targets Representing ~$600mm of Adj. EBITDA Resulted in FY24A Revenue of $731mm and Adj. EBITDA of $187mm Unlocked Food Processing
Cumulative Food Processing Acquisitions Cumulative Purchase Price1 $30 $30 $48 $48 $48 $69 $153 $201 $201 $218 $228 $231 $311 $367 $439 $477 $477 $670 $690 $778 Entered Baking Platform Expanded Packaging Capabilities Extended Automation Capabilities
1 Represents original purchase price, does not include cash returns from post-transaction operations. Added Washing / Sanitation to Customer Solutions 

With Significant Value Created
Through Proven Integration Expertise Impacting Both Revenue and Adj. EBITDA Growth Strong track record of creating value through strategic M&A criteria and operational improvements 4% 2005A Adj. EBITDA Margin 22% 2024A Adj. EBITDA Margin $38
2005A Net Sales $73 2024A Net Sales 10% 2015A Adj. EBITDA Margin 40% 2024A Adj. EBITDA Margin $14 2015A Net Sales $22 2024A Net Sales Since 2005, Middleby Food Processing has acquired 30+ companies Average Adj. EBITDA margin of ~11% at acquisition
Average Adj. EBITDA margin of ~26%1 today, representing ~1,500bps of operationally driven margin expansion Acquired businesses have grown topline at an average CAGR of ~4% since acquisition With enhanced scale and operational excellence, Food
Processing acquisitions have flourished, positioning Middleby as an acquirer of choice 6% 2008A Adj. EBITDA Margin 27% 2024A Adj. EBITDA Margin $25 2008A Net Sales $51 2024A Net Sales 15% 2022A Adj. EBITDA Margin 25% 2024A Adj. EBITDA
Margin $47 2022A Net Sales $62 2024A Net Sales 8% 2012A Adj. EBITDA Margin 27% 2024A Adj. EBITDA Margin $48 2012A Net Sales $100 2024A Net Sales 12% 2018A Adj. EBITDA Margin 33% 2024A Adj. EBITDA Margin $16 2018A Net Sales $37 2024A Net Sales 1
Excludes Q4 deals and any allocation of corporate costs. Acquisition A Acquisition B Acquisition C Acquisition D Acquisition E Acquisition F $ Millions

Middleby Food Processing Financial
Summary Compelling Financial Profile to Deliver Sustained Value for Shareholders 1 Represents revenue, which includes intercompany sales that are currently eliminated in consolidation, unless otherwise stated. 2 Includes intercompany sales that are
currently eliminated in consolidation. 3 As reported in 2024A earnings release and excludes any allocation of corporate costs. 24A End-Market, Geographic & Channel Mix1 Revenue2 Adj. EBITDA3 2024A Pro Forma for announced
acquisitions

Middleby RemainCo Competitive
Advantages Portfolio of Industry Leading Commercial and Residential Brands 1 As reported in 2024A earnings release and excludes any allocation of corporate costs. Most innovative portfolio of cooking and beverage solutions Synergistic
technologies across commercial and residential platforms with a shared commitment to innovation Strong Adj. EBITDA margin of ~23%1 driven by product innovation providing customers transformational labor, safety, & quality gains Accelerating
growth into new, attractive markets such as ice and beverage Proven M&A playbook assembling best-in-class brand and product offerings, creating industry-leading market position Leading Kitchen Equipment Business Significant upside
in volumes and margin at Residential Kitchen through market recovery and realization of strategic investments Trusted by Key Blue Chip Customers 1 2 3 4 5 6 Beverage / Ice Residential Kitchen Commercial Foodservice

Middleby RemainCo Delivering
Innovation. .Indexed to Favorable Industry Trends IoT and automation improving kitchen efficiency and consistency as customers focus on reducing labor costs Ventless, accelerated cooking equipment enabling flexible, smaller, and/or
non-traditional kitchens Demand for beverage and ice innovations driving high-margin growth Rapid expansion of carry-out, delivery, and drive-thru Growing popularity of sustainable induction and high-efficiency electric and natural gas equipment
offerings Favorable demographics with increasing demand in developing markets Innovation-Driven Portfolio of Technologies Poised to Take Advantage of Industry Trends Beverage Innovation Automation Innovation IoT Innovation Open Kitchen Only
Enterprise IoT Solution for Restaurants and Retail Foodservice Connect, analyze, and control key equipment Newton CFV Gravity Dispense State-of-the-art soda fountain Perfectly formulated fountain beverages with clean-in place tech. Taylor Automated
Double-Side Grill Reduces cooking time up to 60% and deskills labor Reduces returns to kitchen (mis-cooks) up to 80% Ventless Innovation Turbochef Double Batch Oven Circulate impinged air at up to 50mph for higher heat transfer rates & reduced
cook time 

Strategic Investments Driving
Future Growth Middleby RemainCo Transforming our Go-To-Market to Drive Growth and Customer Experience Substantial investments have been made to accelerate growth Middleby has made substantial investments in selling tools and capabilities
focused on end-user engagement, greater brand awareness, and launches of new product innovations, all leading to a growing pipeline of sales opportunities 8 Innovation centers1 demonstrating our leading product innovations Award winning culinary
teams supporting customers with hands-on experiential learning Industry leading digital sales, marketing, and education to engage end-users and channel partners, including launch of the Middleby app, Middleby Learn, and
Middleby University Designer Services Teams capturing mindshare of consultants, designers, and specifiers Key account teams fostering deep relationships with dealers and foodservice operators Middleby Advantage after-sale service and
support And Improving the Experience for Our Customers 1 Includes centers expected to be completed by the end of 2025. 

Middleby RemainCo Recent Entry Into
Fast-Growing Ice & Beverage Category Provides Meaningful Growth Opportunities Automated coffee and espresso Ice production and storage Liquor and beer dispense solutions Brewing and distilling Canning and bottling Nitro and cold brew Soda, tea,
milk, and water dispense automation Blending and smoothies Shakes and desserts Patented flow control technology Recently Established Ice and Beverage Platform Well Positioned for Growth Trends ~$750mm 2024A Revenue ~25% Adj. EBITDA Margin
.Across Growing Portfolio of Category-Leading Brands Early-stage ice & beverage platform with cutting-edge technology targeting large addressable market

Residential Is at a Cyclical
Trough, and Poised to Benefit from Market Recovery Residential Kitchen Adj. EBITDA1 18% 21% 17% 17% 12% 10% Cyclical Trough 1 As reported in filings and excludes any allocation of corporate costs. Adj. EBITDA Margin1 Middleby will continue to focus
on maximizing shareholder value opportunities for the Residential Kitchen business Market conditions disrupted with current volumes down ~30-40% for premium segment Residential Adj. EBITDA margins peaked at ~20%1 pre-Covid and are expected to return
to normalized levels with volume recovery Poised for a return to growth benefitting from improving new home builds, existing home sales, and remodels currently at post-Covid decade lows Meaningful ongoing synergies benefitting the platform
development of the Residential business Recent investments driving future revenue & margin growth: New product launches including induction, connected cooking, ice, and ventilation European brand entry and growth into U.S. market Go-to-market
showroom, designer, and marketing investments Manufacturing consolidation to product centers of excellence Product standardization initiatives driving profitability Supply chain synergies and savings initiatives $ Millions

Middleby RemainCo Financial Summary
Residential Kitchens Resurgence to Supplement Strong Commercial Foodservice Growth Revenue2 Adj. EBITDA3 24A Segment, Geographic & Channel Mix1 Commercial Foodservice Residential Kitchen Segment Adj. EBITDA Margin (%)3 2024A
Segment Adj. EBITDA3 Mix: 1 Represents revenue, which includes intercompany sales that are currently eliminated in consolidation, unless otherwise stated. 2 Includes intercompany sales that are currently eliminated in consolidation. 3 As reported in
2024A earnings release and excludes any allocation of corporate costs. Resi: 10% CFS: 90% 

Key Takeaways and Next Steps
Continued Evolution to Best Serve Customers and Shareholders Food Processing spin-off expected to be tax-free to Middleby and its shareholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes Both companies better positioned to further capitalize on evolving
growth drivers and customer needs Focused capital allocation to better align investment and shareholder priorities, while unlocking new value Middleby will continue to focus on best opportunities for Residential to maximize shareholder value Key
Takeaways Additional financial detail to be provided as transaction progresses Investor days to be held for each company prior to spin completion The Food Processing Management team and Board of Directors will be announced closer to separation;
Timothy FitzGerald to continue to lead The Middleby Corporation to completion of the spin-off, remain CEO of RemainCo and to serve on the Board of Directors of Food Processing Completion currently expected by early 2026; subject to final approval by
Middlebys Board of Directors and other customary conditions Transaction Timing
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>midd-20250224.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>midd-20250224_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>midd-20250224_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g924983ex99_3s10g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g924983ex99_3s11g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g924983ex99_3s12g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>g924983ex99_3s13g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>g924983ex99_3s14g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>g924983ex99_3s15g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>g924983ex99_3s16g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>g924983ex99_3s17g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>g924983ex99_3s1g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>g924983ex99_3s2g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>g924983ex99_3s3g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>g924983ex99_3s4g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>g924983ex99_3s5g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>g924983ex99_3s6g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>g924983ex99_3s7g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>g924983ex99_3s8g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>g924983ex99_3s9g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>g924983g0225210922853.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 24, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name MIDDLEBY Corp

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000769520

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 24, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 1-9973

Entity Tax Identification Number 36-3352497

Entity Address, Address Line One 1400 Toastmaster Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Elgin

Entity Address, State or Province IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 60120

City Area Code (847)

Local Phone Number 741-3300

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock

Trading Symbol MIDD

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.middleby.com//20250224/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d924983d8k.htm 
midd-20250224.xsd 
midd-20250224_lab.xml 
midd-20250224_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-035279-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>d924983d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000769520 

2025-02-24 
2025-02-24 

MIDDLEBY Corp 
false 
0000769520 
8-K 
2025-02-24 
DE 
1-9973 
36-3352497 
1400 Toastmaster Drive 
Elgin 
IL 
60120 
(847) 
741-3300 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
MIDD 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>