<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-084458.txt : 20250417
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-084458.hdr.sgml : 20250417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250417171633
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-084458
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		22
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250417
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001067983
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		EIN:				470813844
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14905
		FILM NUMBER:		25848370

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3555 FARNAM STREET
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68131
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4023461400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3555 FARNAM STREET
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68131

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NBH INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980810
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d934563d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INCDEfalse000106798300010679832025-04-172025-04-170001067983brk59:Class160ACommonStockMember2025-04-172025-04-170001067983brk59:Class160BCommonStockMember2025-04-172025-04-170001067983brk59:M1.125SeniorNotesDue2027Member2025-04-172025-04-170001067983brk59:M1.625SeniorNotesDue2035Member2025-04-172025-04-170001067983brk59:M2.150SeniorNotesDue2028Member2025-04-172025-04-170001067983brk59:M2.375SeniorNotesDue2039Member2025-04-172025-04-170001067983brk59:M2.625SeniorNotesDue2059Member2025-04-172025-04-170001067983brk59:M0.500SeniorNotesDue2041Member2025-04-172025-04-170001067983brk59:M1.500SeniorNotesDue2030Member2025-04-172025-04-170001067983brk59:M2.000SeniorNotesDue2034Member2025-04-172025-04-17

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (D)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

DATE OF REPORT (DATE OF EARLIEST EVENT REPORTED) April 17, 2025

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC.

(EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)

DELAWARE 001-14905 47-0813844

(STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION

OF INCORPORATION) 

(COMMISSION

FILE NUMBER) 

(I.R.S. EMPLOYER

IDENTIFICATION NO.)

3555 Farnam Street

Omaha, Nebraska 68131

(ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES) (ZIP CODE)

(402)346-1400

REGISTRANTS TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbols 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Class A Common Stock BRK.A New York Stock Exchange

Class B Common Stock BRK.B New York Stock Exchange

1.125% Senior Notes due 2027 BRK27 New York Stock Exchange

1.625% Senior Notes due 2035 BRK35 New York Stock Exchange

2.150% Senior Notes due 2028 BRK28 New York Stock Exchange

2.375% Senior Notes due 2039 BRK39 New York Stock Exchange

2.625% Senior Notes due 2059 BRK59 New York Stock Exchange

0.500% Senior Notes due 2041 BRK41 New York Stock Exchange

1.500% Senior Notes due 2030 BRK30 New York Stock Exchange

2.000% Senior Notes due 2034 BRK34 New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events. 

On April 17, 2025, Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (Berkshire) issued (i) 48,600,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 1.352% Senior Notes due 2028, (ii) 19,500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 1.593% Senior Notes due 2030, (iii) 3,500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 1.797% Senior Notes due 2032, (iv) 9,100,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 2.090% Senior Notes due 2035, (v) 6,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 2.492% Senior Notes due 2040 and (vi) 3,300,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 3.117% Senior Notes due 2055 ((i) through (vi) collectively, the Notes) under a registration statement on Form S-3 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on January 31, 2025 (Registration No. 333-284622) (the Registration Statement). The Notes were sold pursuant to an underwriting agreement entered into on April 11, 2025, by and among (a) Berkshire and (b) Merrill Lynch International and Mizuho Securities USA LLC. 

The Notes were issued under an Indenture, dated as of January 31, 2025, by and among Berkshire, Berkshire Hathaway Finance Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the Indenture) and (i) an officers certificate dated as of April 17, 2025 by Berkshire with respect to its 1.352% Senior Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes Officers Certificate), (ii) an officers certificate dated as of April 17, 2025 by Berkshire with respect to its 1.593% Senior Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes Officers Certificate), (iii) an officers certificate dated as of April 17, 2025 by Berkshire with respect to its 1.797% Senior Notes due 2032 (the 2032 Notes Officers Certificate), (iv) an officers certificate dated as of April 17, 2025 by Berkshire with respect to its 2.090% Senior Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes Officers Certificate), (v) an officers certificate dated as of April 17, 2025 by Berkshire with respect to its 2.492% Senior Notes due 2040 (the 2040 Notes Officers Certificate) and (vi) an officers certificate dated as of April 17, 2025 by Berkshire with respect to its 3.117% Senior Notes due 2055 (the 2055 Notes Officers Certificate) ((i) through (vi) collectively, the Officers Certificates). 

The relevant terms of the Notes and the Indenture are further described under the caption Description of the Notes in the prospectus supplement relating to the Notes, dated April 11, 2025, filed with the Commission by Berkshire on April 15, 2025, pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) under the Securities Act and in the section entitled Description of the Debt Securities in the base prospectus relating to debt securities of Berkshire, dated January 31, 2025, included in the Registration Statement, which descriptions are incorporated herein by reference. 

A copy of the Indenture is set forth in Exhibit 4.1 of the Registration Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the 2028 Notes Officers Certificate is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.2 and is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the 2030 Notes Officers Certificate is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.3 and is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the 2032 Notes Officers Certificate is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.4 and is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the 2035 Notes Officers Certificate is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.5 and is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the 2040 Notes Officers Certificate is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.6 and is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the 2055 Notes Officers Certificate is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.7 and is incorporated herein by reference. The descriptions of the Indenture, the Officers Certificates and the Notes in this report are summaries and are qualified in their entirety by the terms of the Indenture, the Officers Certificates and the Notes, respectively. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated April 11, 2025, by and among (a) Berkshire Hathaway Inc. and (b) Merrill Lynch International and Mizuho Securities USA LLC. 

4.1 Indenture, dated as of January 31, 2025, by and among Berkshire Hathaway Inc., Berkshire Hathaway Finance Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-284622) filed with the Commission on January 31, 2025). 

4.2 Officers Certificate of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., dated as of April 17, 2025, including the form of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.s 1.352% Senior Notes due 2028. 

4.3 Officers Certificate of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., dated as of April 17, 2025, including the form of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.s 1.593% Senior Notes due 2030. 

4.4 Officers Certificate of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., dated as of April 17, 2025, including the form of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.s 1.797% Senior Notes due 2032. 

4.5 Officers Certificate of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., dated as of April 17, 2025, including the form of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.s 2.090% Senior Notes due 2035. 

4.6 Officers Certificate of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., dated as of April 17, 2025, including the form of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.s 2.492% Senior Notes due 2040. 

4.7 Officers Certificate of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., dated as of April 17, 2025, including the form of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.s 3.117% Senior Notes due 2055. 

5.1 Opinion of Baker & McKenzie LLP, dated April 17, 2025, with respect to the Notes. 

23.1 Consent of Baker & McKenzie LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1). 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

April 17, 2025 

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC.

/s/ Marc D. Hamburg

By: Marc D. Hamburg

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d934563dex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.1
<TEXT>
EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 

Execution Version 

90,000,000,000 

Berkshire Hathaway Inc. 

48,600,000,000 1.352% Senior Notes due 2028 

19,500,000,000 1.593% Senior Notes due 2030 

3,500,000,000 1.797% Senior Notes due 2032 

9,100,000,000 2.090% Senior Notes due 2035 

6,000,000,000 2.492% Senior Notes due 2040 

3,300,000,000 3.117% Senior Notes due 2055 

Underwriting Agreement 

April 11, 2025 

Mizuho Securities USA LLC

1271 Avenue of the Americas 

New York, New York 10020 

Merrill Lynch International 

2 King Edward Street 

London, EC1A 1HQ 

United Kingdom 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Berkshire Hathaway Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Issuer), proposes to issue and sell to Mizuho Securities USA LLC and Merrill Lynch International (each, an Underwriter and together, the Underwriters), (i) 48,600,000,000 aggregate
principal amount of its 1.352% Senior Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes), (ii) 19,500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 1.593% Senior Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes), (iii) 3,500,000,000 aggregate principal
amount of its 1.797% Senior Notes due 2032 (the 2032 Notes), (iv) 9,100,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 2.090% Senior Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes), (v) 6,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its
2.492% Senior Notes due 2040 (the 2040 Notes) and (vi) 3,300,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 3.117% Senior Notes due 2055 (the 2055 Notes and, together with the 2028 Notes, the 2030 Notes, the 2032 Notes, the
2035 Notes and the 2040 Notes, the Securities). The Securities will be issued pursuant to an Indenture dated as of January 31, 2025 (including the terms of the Securities to be established pursuant thereto, the
Indenture) among the Issuer, Berkshire Hathaway Finance Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the Trustee). In connection with the issuance of the Securities, the Issuer will enter into
a Paying Agency Agreement (the Agency Agreement), to be dated as of the Closing Date (as defined below) between the Issuer and The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, as paying agent (the Paying Agent). 

The Issuer hereby confirms its agreement with the Underwriters concerning the purchase and
sale of the Securities, as follows: 

1. Registration Statement. A registration statement on Form
S-3 (Registration No. 333-284622), including a prospectus (the Base Prospectus) relating to the Securities, has been filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (collectively, the Securities Act), and has become effective under the Securities
Act. Such registration statement, including any prospectus supplement relating to the Securities filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act and any other information deemed to be part of such registration statement
pursuant to Rule 430B under the Securities Act, is hereinafter referred to as the Registration Statement. The Base Prospectus, as supplemented by a prospectus supplement to reflect the final terms of the Securities and the offering
thereof, as filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act, is hereinafter referred to as the Final Prospectus. The Base Prospectus, as supplemented by any preliminary prospectus supplement which describes the
Securities and the offering thereof, as filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act, is hereinafter referred to as a Preliminary Prospectus. Any reference herein to the Registration Statement, the Base
Prospectus, a Preliminary Prospectus or the Final Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents that were filed by the Issuer on or prior to the respective dates thereof under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and
the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (collectively, the Exchange Act), and incorporated by reference therein, excluding any documents or portions of such documents that are deemed under the rules and regulations of the
Commission under the Securities Act not to be incorporated by reference therein; and any reference herein to the terms amend, amendment or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement, the Base
Prospectus, a Preliminary Prospectus or the Final Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the filing of any document under the Exchange Act deemed to be incorporated therein by reference after the respective dates thereof. 

At or prior to the time when sales of the Securities were first made (the Time of Sale), the Issuer had prepared the following
information (the Time of Sale Information): a Preliminary Prospectus dated April 1, 2025, and each free-writing prospectus (as defined pursuant to Rule 405 under the Securities Act) listed on Annex A hereto. 

2. Purchase of the Securities by the Underwriters. On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements set forth
herein and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Issuer agrees to issue and sell the Securities to each Underwriter as provided in this Agreement, and each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, agrees to purchase from the Issuer the
respective principal amount of Securities set forth opposite such Underwriters name in Schedule 1 hereto at a price equal to (i) with respect to the 2028 Notes, 99.90% of the principal amount thereof, (ii) with respect to the 2030
Notes, 99.85% of the principal amount thereof, (iii) with respect to the 2032 Notes, 99.80% of the principal amount thereof, (iv) with respect to the 2035 Notes, 99.75% of the principal amount thereof, (v) with respect to the 2040
Notes, 99.60% of the principal amount thereof and (vi) with respect to the 2055 Notes, 99.45% of the principal amount thereof, in each case, plus accrued interest, if any, from April 17, 2025, to the Closing Date. The Issuer will not be
obligated to deliver any of the Securities except upon payment for all the Securities to be purchased as provided herein. 

2 

(a) The Issuer understands that the Underwriters intend to make a public offering of the
Securities as soon as practicable after the effectiveness of this Agreement as in the judgment of the Underwriters is advisable, and initially to offer the Securities on the terms set forth in the Final Prospectus. The Issuer acknowledges and agrees
that each Underwriter may offer and sell Securities to or through any affiliate of such Underwriter and that any such affiliate may offer and sell Securities purchased by it to or through the applicable Underwriter. 

(b) Payment for and delivery of the Securities will be made at the offices of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP at 11:00 A.M, Tokyo time,
on April 17, 2025, or at such other time or place on the same or such other date, not later than the fifth business day thereafter, as the Underwriters and the Issuer may agree upon in writing. The time and date of such payment and delivery is
referred to herein as the Closing Date. 

(c) The Company will deliver, or cause to be delivered, the Securities in book-entry
form through a common depositary for Clearstream Banking, socit anonyme and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear system, for the account of the Underwriters, of one or more global notes representing the
Securities (collectively, the Global Notes), with any transfer taxes payable in connection with the sale of the Securities duly paid by the Issuer, except to the extent such taxes were imposed due to the failure of an Underwriter, upon
the request of the Issuer, to use its reasonable efforts to provide any form, certificate, document or other information that would have reduced or eliminated such taxes. Payment for the Securities shall be made by wire transfer in immediately
available funds, to be received by the Company no later than the Closing Date, in Japanese yen to the account(s) specified to the Underwriters by the Issuer. Delivery of the Securities will be initiated against the irrevocable release by the
Underwriters of the wire transfer in the amount of the purchase price for the Securities. The Global Notes will be made available for inspection by the Underwriters not later than twenty-four hours prior to the Closing Date. 

(d) The Issuer acknowledges and agrees that each Underwriter is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length contractual counterparty
to the Issuer with respect to the offering of Securities contemplated hereby (including in connection with determining the terms of the offering) and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an agent of, the Issuer or any other person.
Additionally, the Underwriters are not advising the Issuer or any other person as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting or regulatory matters in any jurisdiction. The Issuer shall consult with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall
be responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the Underwriters shall have no responsibility or liability to the Issuer with respect thereto. Any review by the Underwriters of
the Issuer, the transactions contemplated hereby or other matters relating to such transactions will be performed solely for the benefit of the Underwriters and shall not be on behalf of the Issuer. 

3. Representations and Warranties of the Issuer. The Issuer represents and warrants to each Underwriter that: 

(a) Time of Sale Information. The Time of Sale Information at the Time of Sale did not, and at the Closing Date will not, contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the 

3 

circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Issuer makes no representation and warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon
and in conformity with information furnished to the Issuer in writing by any Underwriter expressly for use in such Time of Sale Information. No statement of a material fact to be included in the Final Prospectus has been omitted from the Time of
Sale Information and no statement of a material fact included in the Time of Sale Information that is required to be included in the Final Prospectus will be omitted therefrom. 

(b) Preliminary Prospectus. No order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus has been issued by the Commission,
and each Preliminary Prospectus, at the time of filing thereof, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act and did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Issuer makes no representation and warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made in
reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Issuer in writing by any Underwriter expressly for use in any Preliminary Prospectus. 

(c) Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. The Issuer (including its agents and representatives, other than the Underwriters in their capacity
as such) has not prepared, made, used, authorized, approved or referred to and will not prepare, make, use, authorize, approve or refer to any written communication (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) that constitutes an
offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy the Securities (each such communication by the Issuer or its agents and representatives, other than the Underwriters (other than a communication referred to in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) below),
an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus), other than (i) any document not constituting a prospectus pursuant to Section 2(a)(10)(a) of the Securities Act or Rule 134 under the Securities Act, (ii) any Preliminary Prospectus,
(iii) the Final Prospectus, (iv) the documents listed on Annex A hereto and (v) any electronic road show or other written communications, in each case approved in advance by the Underwriters. Each such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
complied in all material respects with the Securities Act, has been or will be (within the time period specified in Rule 433) filed in accordance with the Securities Act (to the extent required thereby) and, when taken together with any Preliminary
Prospectus, did not, and at the Closing Date will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading; provided that the Issuer makes no representation and warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made in each such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the
Issuer in writing by any Underwriter expressly for use in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. 

(d) Registration Statement and Final
Prospectus. The Registration Statement is an automatic shelf registration statement as defined under Rule 405 of the Securities Act that has been filed with the Commission not earlier than three years prior to the date hereof; and no
notice of objection of the Commission to the use of such registration statement or any post-effective amendment thereto pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act has been received by the Issuer. No order suspending the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement has been issued by the Commission and no proceeding for that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of 

4 

the Securities Act against the Issuer or related to the offering has been initiated or threatened by the Commission; as of the applicable effective date of the Registration Statement and any
amendment thereto, the Registration Statement complied and will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (collectively, the
Trust Indenture Act), and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading; and as of
the date of the Final Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto and as of the Closing Date, the Final Prospectus will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Issuer makes no representation and warranty with respect to (i) that part of the
Registration Statement that constitutes the Statement of Eligibility and Qualification (Form T-1) of the Trustee under the Trust Indenture Act or (ii) any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and
in conformity with information furnished to the Issuer in writing by any Underwriter expressly for use in the Registration Statement or the Final Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto). 

(e) Incorporated Documents. The documents incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the
Final Prospectus, when they became effective or were filed with the Commission, as the case may be, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and none of such documents contained any untrue statement of a material
fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and any further documents so filed and incorporated by
reference in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information or the Final Prospectus, when such documents become effective or are filed with the Commission, as the case may be, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of
the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable, and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

(f) No Material Adverse Change. Since the date of the most recent
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Final Prospectus, unless the Issuer has notified the Underwriters as provided in
Section 4(g) of this Agreement, there has been no material adverse change, or any development involving a prospective material adverse change, in or affecting the senior management of the Issuer or the business or the consolidated financial
position or results of operations of the Issuer or the Issuers subsidiaries, taken as a whole (a Material Adverse Effect), in each case otherwise than as set forth or contemplated in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale
Information and the Final Prospectus (excluding any amendment or supplement thereto after the date of this Agreement). 

(g) Organization
and Good Standing of the Issuer. The Issuer has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the state of Delaware, with power and authority (corporate and other) to own its properties and
conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Final 

5 

Prospectus, and has been duly qualified as a foreign corporation for the transaction of business and is in good standing under the laws of each other jurisdiction in which it owns or leases
properties or conducts any business so as to require such qualification, except where the failure (individually or in the aggregate) to be so qualified or in good standing in any such jurisdiction would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(h) Organization and Good Standing of the Significant Subsidiaries. Each significant subsidiary of the Issuer, as such term
is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X under the Exchange Act (the Significant Subsidiaries) has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a
corporation in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, with corporate power and authority to own its properties and conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the
Final Prospectus and has been duly qualified as a foreign corporation for the transaction of business and is in good standing under the laws of each other jurisdiction in which it owns or leases properties or conducts any business so as to require
such qualification, except where the failure (individually or in the aggregate) to be so qualified or in good standing in any such jurisdiction would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(i) Underwriting Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Issuer. 

(j) The Indenture. The Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Issuer, and assuming due authorization,
execution and delivery thereof by the Trustee, constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of the Issuer, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject, as to enforcement, to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and other
laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equity principles; the Indenture complies with the requirements for qualification under the Trust Indenture Act. 

(k) The Agency Agreement. The Agency Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Issuer, and assuming due
authorization, execution and delivery thereof by the Paying Agent, constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of the Issuer, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject, as to enforcement, to bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equity principles. 

(l) The Securities. The Securities have been duly authorized by the Issuer and, when issued and delivered pursuant to this Agreement and
the Indenture and authenticated by the Trustee as provided in the Indenture, will have been duly executed, authenticated, issued and delivered and will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Issuer, enforceable against the Issuer in
accordance with their terms, subject, as to enforcement, to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equity principles, and will be in the form
contemplated by, and will be entitled to the benefits of, the Indenture. 

(m) Descriptions of the Transaction Documents. Each of
this Agreement, the Securities, the Indenture and the Agency Agreement (collectively, the Transaction Documents) conforms in all material respects to the description thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale
Information and the Final Prospectus. 

6 

(n) No Registration Rights. No person has the right to require the Issuer to register
any securities for sale under the Securities Act by reason of the filing of the Registration Statement with the Commission or the issuance and sale of the Securities. 

(o) Significant Subsidiaries Capital Stock. All of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Significant
Subsidiary have been duly and validly authorized and issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and (except for any directors qualifying shares, and except for less than 10% of the shares of Berkshire
Hathaway Energy Company) are owned directly or indirectly by the Issuer, free and clear of all material liens, encumbrances, equities or claims. 

(p) No Stabilization or Manipulation. Prior to the date hereof, neither the Issuer nor any of its affiliates has taken any action which
is designed to or which has constituted or which might have been expected to cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Issuer in connection with the offering of the Securities. 

(q) No Conflicts. The issue and sale by the Issuer of the Securities, the compliance by the Issuer with all of the provisions of the
Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions therein contemplated will not (i) conflict with or result in a breach or violation of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under any indenture, mortgage, deed
of trust, loan agreement or other agreement or instrument to which the Issuer or any of the Significant Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Issuer or any of the Significant Subsidiaries is bound or to which any of the property or assets of the
Issuer or any of the Significant Subsidiaries is subject, or (ii) result in any violation of (A) the provisions of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws of the Issuer or (B) any
statute or any order, rule or regulation of any court or governmental agency or body having jurisdiction over the Issuer or any of the Significant Subsidiaries or any of their properties, except, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii)(B), for any
such conflict, breach, violation, or default which (individually or in the aggregate) would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No consent, approval, authorization, order, registration or qualification of or with any such
court or governmental agency or body is required for the issue and sale of the Securities or the consummation by the Issuer of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, except for any such consents, approvals, authorizations,
orders, registrations or qualifications as may be required under the Securities Act and the Trust Indenture Act, or under state securities or Blue Sky laws in connection with the purchase and distribution of the Securities by the Underwriters, or
the failure of which to obtain would not (individually or in the aggregate) have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(r) No Violation or
Default. Neither the Issuer nor any Significant Subsidiary is (i) in violation of its Certificate of Incorporation or Restated Certificate of Incorporation (as the case may be) or By-laws or
(ii) in default in the performance or observance of any material obligation, covenant or condition contained in any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, lease or other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it
or any of its properties may be bound, except in the case of clause (i) for any immaterial violation of its By-laws or in the case of clause (ii) where such violation would not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

7 

(s) Legal Proceedings. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Time of
Sale Information and the Final Prospectus, there are no legal or governmental proceedings pending to which the Issuer or any of the Significant Subsidiaries is a party or of which any property of the Issuer or any of the Significant Subsidiaries is
the subject which, if determined adversely to the Issuer or any Significant Subsidiary, would individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect; and, to the best of the Issuers knowledge, no such proceedings are threatened or
contemplated by governmental authorities or threatened by others. 

(t) Investment Company Act. The Issuer is not, and after giving
effect to the offering and sale of the Securities and the application of the proceeds thereof, will not be, an investment company, as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company
Act). 

(u) Independent Accountants. To the best of the Issuers knowledge, Deloitte & Touche LLP, who have
certified the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer included in the Registration Statement, is an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission and the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board thereunder. 

(v) Accounting Controls. The Issuer maintains a system of internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that complies with the requirements of the Exchange Act and has been designed by the Issuers principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, or under their supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. The Issuers internal control over financial reporting is effective and the Issuer is not aware of any material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting in each case as of the end of the most
recent fiscal year of the Issuer. 

(w) Disclosure Controls. The Issuer maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as
such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) that comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act; such disclosure controls and procedures have been designed to ensure that material information
relating to the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries is made known to the Issuers principal executive officer and principal financial officer by others within those entities; such disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 

(x) No Material Change in the Issuers Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Since the date of the latest audited financial
statements included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, there has been no change in the Issuers internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Issuers internal control over financial reporting. 

8 

(y) Status under the Securities Act. The Issuer is not an ineligible issuer and is a
well-known seasoned issuer, in each case as defined under the Securities Act, in each case at the times specified in the Securities Act in connection with the offering of the Securities. 

(z) Disclosure Requirement. The Issuer has not issued any securities of the same or a similar class as the Securities in Japan, the
offering of which subjects the Issuer to continuous disclosure obligations under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948 of Japan, as amended, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law). 

4. Further Agreements of the Issuer. The Issuer covenants and agrees with each Underwriter that: 

(a) Required Filings. The Issuer will file the Final Prospectus with the Commission within the time periods specified by Rule 424(b) and
Rule 430A, 430B or 430C under the Securities Act, will file any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (including the term sheet in the form of Annex B hereto) to the extent required by Rule 433 under the Securities Act; the Issuer will file promptly all
reports and any definitive proxy or information statements required to be filed by the Issuer with the Commission pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act subsequent to the date of the Final Prospectus and for so long
as the delivery of a prospectus is required in connection with the offering or sale of the Securities; and the Issuer will furnish copies of the Final Prospectus and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (to the extent not previously delivered) to the
Underwriters in New York City, London and Tokyo prior to 10:00 A.M., New York City time, on the business day next succeeding the date of this Agreement in such quantities as the Underwriters may reasonably request. The Issuer will pay the
registration fees for this offering within the time period required by Rule 456(b)(1)(i) under the Securities Act (without giving effect to the proviso therein) and in any event prior to the Closing Date. 

(b) Delivery of Copies. The Issuer will deliver, without charge to the Underwriters (during the Prospectus Delivery Period (as defined
below)), as many copies of the Final Prospectus (including all amendments and supplements thereto) and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus as the Underwriters may reasonably request. As used herein, the term Prospectus Delivery Period
means such period of time after the first date of the public offering of the Securities as in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters a prospectus relating to the Securities is required by law to be delivered (or required to be delivered but for
Rule 172 under the Securities Act) in connection with sales of the Securities by any Underwriter or dealer; provided that the Underwriters shall promptly notify the Issuer of the termination of the Prospectus Delivery Period. 

(c) Amendments or Supplements; Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. Prior to the termination of the offering of the Securities, before
using, authorizing, approving, referring to or filing any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and before filing any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or the Final Prospectus, whether before or after the time that the Registration
Statement becomes effective, the Issuer will furnish to the Underwriters and counsel for the Underwriters a copy of the proposed Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, amendment or supplement for review and will not use, authorize, approve, refer to or
file any such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or file any such proposed amendment or supplement to which the Underwriters reasonably object. 

9 

(d) Notice to the Underwriters. From the date hereof until the end of the Prospectus
Delivery Period, the Issuer will advise the Underwriters promptly, and confirm such advice in writing, (i) when any amendment to the Registration Statement has been filed or becomes effective; (ii) when any supplement to the Final
Prospectus or any amendment to the Final Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus has been filed; (iii) of any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Final
Prospectus or the receipt of any comments from the Commission relating to the Registration Statement or any other request by the Commission for any additional information relating thereto; (iv) when it learns of the issuance by the Commission
of any order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or the Final Prospectus or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for that purpose or pursuant to
Section 8A of the Securities Act; (v) when it learns of the occurrence of any event as a result of which the Final Prospectus, the Time of Sale Information or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Final Prospectus, the Time of Sale
Information or any such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading; (vi) of the receipt by the Issuer of any notice of objection of the Commission to the use of the Registration Statement or any post-effective
amendment thereto pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act; and (vii) of the receipt by the Issuer of any notice with respect to any suspension of the qualification of the Securities for offer and sale in any jurisdiction or the
initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose; and the Issuer will use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any such order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, preventing or suspending the use
of any Preliminary Prospectus or the Final Prospectus or suspending any such qualification of the Securities and, if any such order is issued, will obtain as soon as possible the withdrawal thereof. 

(e) Time of Sale Information. If at any time prior to the Closing Date (i) any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a
result of which the Time of Sale Information as then amended or supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances, not misleading or (ii) it is necessary to amend or supplement the Time of Sale Information to comply with law, the Issuer will promptly notify the Underwriters thereof and forthwith prepare and, subject to paragraph
(c) above, file with the Commission (to the extent required) and furnish to the Underwriters and to such dealers as the Underwriters may designate, such amendments or supplements to the Time of Sale Information as may be necessary so that the
statements in the Time of Sale Information as so amended or supplemented will not, in the light of the circumstances, be misleading or so that the Time of Sale Information will comply with law. 

(f) Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes. In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a
proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the
U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In 

10 

the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under
this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the
United States or a state of the United States. 

For the purposes of this provision, (a) the term BHC Act Affiliate has
the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k); (b) the term Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that
term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as
that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b); (c) the term Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2
or 382.1, as applicable; and (d) the term U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

(g) Ongoing Compliance. If during the Prospectus Delivery
Period (i) any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which the Final Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Final Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading or (ii) it is necessary to amend or supplement the Final Prospectus
to comply with law, the Issuer will immediately notify the Underwriters thereof and forthwith prepare and, subject to paragraph (c) above, file with the Commission and furnish to the Underwriters and to such dealers as the Underwriters may
designate, such amendments or supplements to the Final Prospectus as may be necessary so that the statements in the Final Prospectus as so amended or supplemented will not, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Final Prospectus is
delivered to a purchaser, be misleading or so that the Final Prospectus will comply with law. 

(h) Blue Sky Compliance. The Issuer
will promptly from time to time take such action as the Underwriters may reasonably request to qualify the Securities for offer and sale under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions as the Underwriters shall reasonably request and
will continue such qualifications in effect so long as required to complete the distribution of the Securities; provided that the Issuer shall not be required to (i) qualify as a foreign corporation or other entity or as a dealer in
securities in any such jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to so qualify, (ii) file any general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction or (iii) take any action that would subject it to taxation in any such
jurisdiction if it is not otherwise so subject. 

(i) Earning Statement. The Issuer will make generally available to its security
holders an earning statement (that need not be audited) that satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 of the Commission promulgated thereunder covering a period of at least twelve months beginning with the
first fiscal quarter of the Issuer occurring after the effective date (as defined in Rule 158) of the Registration Statement. 

11 

(j) Clear Market. The Issuer, during the period beginning from the date hereof and
continuing until the Closing Date, will not offer, sell, contract to sell or otherwise dispose of, except as provided hereunder, any securities of the Issuer that are substantially similar to the Securities, including but not limited to any
securities that represent the right to receive the Securities or any such substantially similar securities, without the Underwriters prior written consent, other than any securities that have been identified to the Underwriters in writing
prior to the date hereof. 

(k) Use of Proceeds. The Issuer will use the net proceeds received by the Issuer from the sale of the
Securities pursuant to this Agreement in the manner specified in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Final Prospectus under the caption Use of Proceeds. 

(l) No Stabilization. The Issuer will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that could reasonably be expected to
cause or result in any stabilization or manipulation of the price of the Securities. 

(m) Record Retention. The Issuer will,
pursuant to reasonable procedures developed in good faith, retain copies of each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not filed with the Commission in accordance with Rule 433 under the Securities Act. 

5. Certain Agreements of the Underwriters. Each Underwriter hereby represents and agrees that: 

(a) It has not and will not use, authorize use of, refer to, or participate in the planning for use of, any free writing
prospectus, as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act (which term includes use of any written information furnished to the Commission by the Issuer and not incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement and any press release
issued by the Issuer) other than (i) a free writing prospectus that, solely as a result of use by such Underwriter, would not trigger an obligation to file such free writing prospectus with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433, (ii) any Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus listed on Annex A or prepared pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 4(c) above (including any electronic road show), or (iii) any free writing prospectus prepared by such Underwriter and approved by the Issuer in
advance in writing (each such free writing prospectus referred to in clauses (i) or (iii), an Underwriter Free Writing Prospectus). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Underwriters may use a term sheet in the form of Annex B hereto
without the consent of the Issuer. 

(b) It is not subject to any pending proceeding under Section 8A of the Securities Act with
respect to the offering (and will promptly notify the Issuer if any such proceeding against it is initiated during the Prospectus Delivery Period). 

(c) (i) It has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or
inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the FSMA)) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of the Securities in
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and (ii) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to the Securities in, from
or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 

12 

(d) It has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or
otherwise make available any Securities to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. 

For the purposes of this provision,
(A) the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID
II. 

(e) It has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities to any
retail investor in the United Kingdom. 

For the purposes of this provision, (A) the expression retail investor means a
person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018
(EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 

(f)
Neither it nor any of its affiliates (i) has offered or sold, or will offer or sell, in Hong Kong, by means of any document, the Securities other than (A) to professional investors as defined in the Securities and Futures
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (B) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a prospectus as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do
not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance or (ii) has issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, or will issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or
elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Securities that is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of
Hong Kong) other than with respect to the Securities that are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to professional investors as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made
under that Ordinance. 

(g) The Registration Statement has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. It
has not offered or sold any Securities or caused the Securities to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Securities or cause the Securities to be made the subject of an invitation for
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, and will not circulate or distribute, the Registration Statement or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of
the Securities, whether directly or indirectly, to 

13 

persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time
(the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 

(h) It will not offer or sell any of the Securities, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to
others, for re-offering or re-sale directly or indirectly in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except through a solicitation constituting a
solicitation targeting QIIs, as defined in Article 23-13, Paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law, which will be exempt from the registration requirements of the Financial
Instruments and Exchange Law, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan in effect at the relevant time. For the purposes of this
provision, resident of Japan means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan; and it will cause a copy of the prospectus supplement relating to the Securities (or other
forms of notice as agreed between the Issuer and the Underwriters, which states that the Securities may not be transferred to any other person unless such person is a qualified institutional investor as defined in the Cabinet Ordinance
Concerning Definitions under Article 2 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Ordinance No. 14 of 1993 of the Ministry of Finance of Japan, as amended)), to be furnished to each person acquiring the Securities. 

(i) It will not offer, sell or deliver any of the Securities in any jurisdiction outside the United States except under circumstances that will
result in compliance with the applicable laws thereof, and it will take at its own expense whatever action is required to permit its purchase and resale of the Securities in such jurisdictions. Each Underwriter understands that no action has been
taken to permit a public offering of the Securities in any jurisdiction outside the United States where action would be required for such purpose, and agrees not to cause any advertisement of the Securities to be published in any newspaper or
periodical or posted in any public place and not to issue any circular relating to the Securities, except in any such case at each Underwriters own risk and expense. 

6. Conditions of Underwriters Obligations. The obligation of the Underwriters to purchase Securities on the Closing Date as
provided herein is subject to the performance by the Issuer of its covenants and other obligations hereunder and to the following additional conditions: 

(a) No order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall be in effect, and no proceeding for such purpose, pursuant to
Rule 401(g)(2) or pursuant to Section 8A under the Securities Act shall be pending before or threatened by the Commission; each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and Final Prospectus shall have been timely filed with the Commission under the
Securities Act (in the case of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, to the extent required by Rule 433 under the Securities Act) and in accordance with Section 4(a) hereof; and all requests by the Commission for additional information shall have
been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of the Underwriters. 

14 

(b) The representations and warranties of the Issuer contained herein shall be true and
correct on the date hereof and on and as of the Closing Date; and the statements of the Issuer and its officers made in any certificates delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date. 

(c) Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, shall have furnished to the Underwriters such opinion or opinions,
dated the Closing Date, with respect to such matters as the Underwriters may reasonably request, and such counsel shall have received such papers and information as they may reasonably request to enable them to pass upon such matters. 

(d) Baker & McKenzie LLP, counsel for the Issuer, shall have furnished to the Underwriters their written opinion and 10b-5 statement, dated the Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters, to the effect set forth in Annex C hereto. 

(e) Anderson Mori & Tomotsune, Japanese counsel for the Issuer, shall have furnished to the Underwriters their written opinion, dated
the Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters, to the effect set forth in Annex D hereto, based on the examinations and assumptions and subject to the qualifications and limitations described in such
counsels opinion. 

(f) On the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, Deloitte & Touche LLP shall have furnished
to the Underwriters a letter, dated the Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters and in the form agreed to by the parties hereto. 

(g) Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Final
Prospectus, there shall not have been (i) any adverse change in the capital stock or long-term debt of the Issuer and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (ii) any change, or any development involving a prospective change, in or
affecting the senior management of the Issuer or the business or the consolidated financial position or results of operations of the Issuer and the Issuers subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in the case of each of clause (i) and clause
(ii) otherwise than as set forth or contemplated in the Time of Sale Information (excluding any amendment or supplement thereto after the date of this Agreement) and the Final Prospectus (excluding any amendment or supplement thereto after the
date of this Agreement), the effect of which is in the judgment of the Underwriters so material and adverse as to make it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering, sale or delivery of the Securities on the terms and in the manner
contemplated by this Agreement, the Time of Sale Information and the Final Prospectus. 

(h) Subsequent to the earlier of (A) the Time
of Sale and (B) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, (i) no downgrading shall have occurred in the rating accorded the Issuers debt securities by Standard & Poors Ratings Services or Moodys Investors
Service, and (ii) neither such organization shall have publicly announced that it has under surveillance or review, with negative implications, its rating of any of the Issuers debt securities. 

15 

(i) Subsequent to the earlier of (A) the Time of Sale and (B) the execution and
delivery of this Agreement, there shall not have occurred any of the following: (i) a suspension or material limitation in trading in securities generally on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) or the Tokyo Stock Exchange;
(ii) a suspension or material limitation in trading in the Issuers securities on NYSE; (iii) a general moratorium on commercial banking activities declared by Federal, New York State, Japanese or European Union authorities or a
material disruption in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services in the United States, Japan or the European Union; (iv) the outbreak or escalation of hostilities involving the United States, Japan or the European Union
or the declaration by the United States, Japan or the European Union of a national emergency or war or (v) the occurrence of any other calamity or crisis or any change in financial markets, if the effect of any such event specified in clause
(iv) or (v) in the reasonable judgment of the Underwriters makes it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering or the delivery of the Securities on the terms and in the manner contemplated by this Agreement, the Time of Sale
Information and the Registration Statement. 

(j) On or prior to the Closing Date, the Issuer shall have duly executed and delivered each of
the Transaction Documents and the Securities. 

(k) The Issuer shall have furnished or caused to be furnished to the Underwriters on the
Closing Date certificates of officers of the Issuer satisfactory to the Underwriters as to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Issuer herein on and as of the Closing Date, as to the performance by the Issuer of all of its
obligations hereunder to be performed on or prior to the Closing Date, as to the matters set forth in subsection (g) of this Section 6 and as to such other matters as the Underwriters may reasonably request. 

7. Indemnification and Contribution. 

(a) Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Issuer agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates, directors
and officers and each person, if any, who controls such Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities (including,
without limitation, reasonable legal fees and other expenses incurred in connection with any suit, action or proceeding or any claim asserted, as such fees and expenses are incurred), joint or several, that arise out of, or are based upon,
(i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement or caused by any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements therein, not misleading, (ii) or any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Final Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any
Time of Sale Information, or caused by any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in each case except
insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities arise out of, or are based upon, any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with any information furnished to the Issuer in
writing by any Underwriter expressly for use therein. 

16 

(b) Indemnification of the Issuer. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly,
agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Issuer and each of its directors, officers who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Issuer within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or
Section 20 of the Exchange Act to the same extent as the indemnity set forth in paragraph (a) above, but only with respect to any losses, claims, damages or liabilities that arise out of, or are based upon, any untrue statement or omission
or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with any information furnished to the Issuer in writing by such Underwriter expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any Time
of Sale Information or the Final Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), it being understood and agreed that the only such information consists of the second and third sentences of the third paragraph, the first and second sentences of
the eighth paragraph and the ninth, tenth, eleventh and twelfth paragraphs, under the caption Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest). 

(c) Notice and Procedures. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under subsection (a) or (b) above of notice of the
commencement of any action, such indemnified party shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the indemnifying party under such subsection, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof; but the omission so to
notify the indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any indemnified party otherwise than under such subsection. In case any such action shall be brought against any indemnified party and it shall notify the
indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party shall be entitled to participate therein and, to the extent that it shall wish, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense thereof, with
counsel satisfactory to such indemnified party (who shall not, except with the consent of the indemnified party, be counsel to the indemnifying party), and, after notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of its election so to
assume the defense thereof, the indemnifying party shall not be liable to such indemnified party under such subsection for any legal expenses of other counsel or any other expenses, in each case subsequently incurred by such indemnified party, in
connection with the defense thereof other than reasonable costs of investigation. No indemnifying party shall, without the written consent of the indemnified party, effect the settlement or compromise of, or consent to the entry of any judgment with
respect to, any pending or threatened action or claim in respect of which indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not the indemnified party is an actual or potential party to such action or claim) unless such settlement,
compromise or judgment (i) includes an unconditional release of the indemnified party from all liability arising out of such action or claim and (ii) does not include a statement as to, or an admission of, fault, culpability or a failure
to act, by or on behalf of any indemnified party. 

(d) Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in paragraphs (a) or
(b) above is unavailable to an indemnified party or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party under subsection (a) or (b) above in respect of any losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to therein, then each indemnifying party
under such paragraph, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party thereunder, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (i) in such proportion as is
appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Issuer on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other from the offering of the Securities or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) is not permitted by applicable law,
in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) but also the relative fault of the Issuer on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other in connection with the statements or omissions
that 

17 

resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Issuer on the one hand and the Underwriters
on the other shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the net proceeds (before deducting expenses) received by the Issuer from the sale of the Securities and the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by the
Underwriters in connection therewith, in each case as set forth in the table on the cover of the Final Prospectus, bear to the aggregate offering price of the Securities. The relative fault of the Issuer on the one hand and the Underwriters on the
other shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Issuer or by the
Underwriters and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. 

(e) Limitation on Liability. The Issuer and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to
this Section 7 were determined by prorata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in paragraph (d) above. The amount paid or payable by an
indemnified party as a result of the losses, claims, damages and liabilities referred to in paragraph (d) above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth above, any legal or other expenses incurred by such indemnified
party in connection with any such action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 7, in no event shall an Underwriter be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at which the Securities
underwritten by such Underwriter and distributed to investors were offered to investors exceeds the amount of any damages that such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or
alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The
Underwriters obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 7 are several in proportion to their respective purchase obligations hereunder and not joint. 

(f) Non-Exclusive Remedies. The remedies provided for in this Section 7 are not exclusive
and shall not limit any rights or remedies which may otherwise be available to any indemnified party at law or in equity. 

8.
Defaulting Underwriter. 

(a) If, on the Closing Date, any Underwriter defaults on its obligation to purchase the Securities that it
has agreed to purchase hereunder, the non-defaulting Underwriters may in their discretion arrange for the purchase of such Securities by other persons satisfactory to the Issuer on the terms contained in this
Agreement. If, within 48 hours after any such default by any Underwriter, the non-defaulting Underwriters do not arrange for the purchase of such Securities, then the Issuer shall be entitled to a further
period of 48 hours within which to procure other persons satisfactory to the non-defaulting Underwriters to purchase such Securities on such terms. If other persons become obligated or agree to purchase the
Securities of a defaulting Underwriter, either the non-defaulting Underwriters or the Issuer may postpone the Closing Date for up to five full business days in order to effect any changes that in the opinion
of counsel for 

18 

the Issuer or counsel for the Underwriters may be necessary in the Registration Statement and the Final Prospectus or in any other document or arrangement, and the Issuer agrees to promptly
prepare any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement and the Final Prospectus that effects any such changes. As used in this Agreement, the term Underwriter includes, for all purposes of this Agreement unless the context
otherwise requires, any person not listed in Schedule 1 hereto that, pursuant to this Section 8 purchases Securities that a defaulting Underwriter agreed but failed to purchase. 

(b) If, after giving effect to any arrangements for the purchase of the Securities of a defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters by the non-defaulting Underwriters and the Issuer as provided in paragraph (a) above, the aggregate principal amount of such Securities that remains unpurchased does not exceed
one-eleventh of the aggregate principal amount of all the Securities, then the Issuer shall have the right to require each non-defaulting Underwriter to purchase the
principal amount of Securities that such Underwriter agreed to purchase hereunder plus such Underwriters pro rata share (based on the principal amount of Securities that such Underwriter agreed to purchase hereunder) of the Securities
of such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters for which such arrangements have not been made. 

(c) If, after giving effect to any
arrangements for the purchase of the Securities of a defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters by the non-defaulting Underwriters and the Issuer as provided in paragraph (a) above, the aggregate principal
amount of such Securities that remains unpurchased exceeds one-eleventh of the aggregate principal amount of all the Securities, or if the Issuer shall not exercise the right described in paragraph
(b) above, then this Agreement shall terminate without liability on the part of the non-defaulting Underwriters. Any termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8 shall be without
liability on the part of the Issuer, except that the Issuer will continue to be liable for the payment of expenses as set forth in Section 10 hereof and except that the provisions of Section 7 hereof shall not terminate and shall remain in
effect. 

(d) Nothing contained herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter of any liability it may have to the Issuer or any non-defaulting Underwriter for damages caused by its default. 

9. Effectiveness of Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective upon the execution and delivery hereof by the parties hereto. 

10. Payment of Expenses.
Whether or not the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are consummated or this Agreement is terminated, the Issuer covenants and agrees with the Underwriters that it will pay or cause to be paid the following: (i) the fees,
disbursements and expenses of the Issuers counsel and accountants in connection with the issue of the Securities and all other expenses in connection with the preparation, printing, reproduction and filing of the Registration Statement, any
Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any Time of Sale Information and the Final Prospectus (including all exhibits, amendments and supplements thereto) and the distribution thereof to the Underwriters and dealers;
(ii) the cost of printing or producing or distributing each of this Agreement, the Transaction Documents, the Blue Sky Memorandum, closing documents (including any compilations thereof) and any other documents in connection with the offering,
purchase, sale 

19 

and delivery of the Securities; (iii) all expenses in connection with the qualification of the Securities for offering and sale under state securities laws as provided in Section 4(h)
hereof, including the fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection with such qualification and in connection with the Blue Sky survey; (iv) any fees charged by securities rating services for rating the Securities;
(v) the cost of preparing the Securities (not including the related legal fees); (vi) the fees, expenses and disbursements of the Trustee and the Paying Agent in connection with the Transaction Documents and the Securities; (vii) the costs
and charges of any transfer agent and registrar; (viii) all expenses incurred by the Issuer in connection with any road show presentation to potential investors; and (ix) all other costs and expenses incident to the performance
of its obligations hereunder which are not otherwise specifically provided for in this Section 10. It is understood, however, that, the Underwriters will pay, except as provided in this Section 10, and Section 7 hereof, all of their
own costs and expenses, including the fees of their counsel, transfer taxes on resale of any of the Securities by them, and any advertising expenses connected with any offers they may make, pro rata (based on the principal amount of Securities that
such Underwriter agreed to purchase hereunder) (with respect to each Underwriter, the Pro Rata Expenses). Notwithstanding anything contained in the International Capital Market Association Primary Market Handbook, each Underwriter hereby
agrees that the Settlement Lead Manager (as defined below) may allocate the Pro Rata Expenses to the account of such Underwriter for settlement of accounts (including payment of such Underwriters fees by the Settlement Lead Manager) as soon as
practicable but in any case no later than 90 days following the Closing Date. 

(a) If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to
Section 8 hereof or if any Underwriter shall default in its obligations hereunder, or if the Underwriters shall fail to take and purchase the Securities due to the failure of the condition set forth in Section 6(c) hereof to be met, the
Issuer shall not then be under any liability to any Underwriter except as provided in Section 7 hereof; but if for any other reason the Securities are not delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer as provided herein, the Issuer will reimburse the
Underwriters for all out-of-pocket expenses, including fees and disbursements of counsel, reasonably incurred by the Underwriters in making preparations for the
purchase, sale and delivery of the Securities, but the Issuer shall then be under no further liability to the Underwriters except as provided in Section 7 hereof. 

11. Persons Entitled to Benefit of Agreement. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and
their respective successors and, solely to the extent set forth in Section 7 hereof, the officers and directors and any controlling persons referred to therein, and the affiliates of each Underwriter referred to therein. Nothing in this
Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any other person any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Agreement or any provision contained herein. No purchaser of Securities from any Underwriter shall be
deemed to be a successor merely by reason of such purchase. 

12. Survival. The respective indemnities, rights of contribution,
representations, warranties and agreements of the Issuer and the Underwriters contained in this Agreement or made by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Underwriters pursuant to this Agreement or any certificate delivered pursuant hereto shall survive
the delivery of and payment for the Securities and shall remain in full force and effect, regardless of any termination of this Agreement or any investigation made by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Underwriters. 

20 

13. Certain Defined Terms. For purposes of this Agreement, (a) except where
otherwise expressly provided, the term affiliate has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act; (b) the term business day means any day other than a day on which banks are permitted or required to be
closed in New York City, London, England or Tokyo, Japan; (c) the term subsidiary has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act; and (d) the term significant subsidiary has the meaning set forth in
Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X under the Exchange Act. 

14.
Miscellaneous. 

(a) Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have
been duly given if mailed or transmitted and confirmed by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the Underwriters shall be given to Mizuho Securities USA LLC, at 1271 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10020, Attention: Debt
Capital Markets; and Merrill Lynch International, at 2 King Edward Street, London, EC1A 1HQ, United Kingdom, Attention: Syndicate Desk. Notices to the Issuer shall be delivered or sent by mail or facsimile transmission to the address of the Issuer
set forth in the Registration Statement, Attention: Chief Financial Officer. 

(b) Patriot Act. In accordance with the requirements
of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), the Underwriters are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies their respective clients,
including the Issuer, which information may include the name and address of their respective clients, as well as other information that will allow the Underwriters to properly identify their respective clients. 

(c) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. 

(d) Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts (which may include counterparts delivered by any standard form of
telecommunication), each of which shall be an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import
in or relating to this Agreement or any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal
effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, and the parties hereto consent to conduct the transactions contemplated hereunder by
electronic means. 

(e) Amendments or Waivers. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, nor any consent or approval
to any departure therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the parties hereto. 

(f)
Headings. The headings herein are included for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be part of, or to affect the meaning or interpretation of, this Agreement. 

21 

(g) UK Bail-in Legislation. Notwithstanding
and to the exclusion of any other term of this Agreement or any other agreements, arrangements, or understanding between the Underwriters and the Issuer, the Issuer acknowledges and accepts that a UK Bail-in
Liability arising under this Agreement may be subject to the exercise of UK Bail-in Powers by the relevant UK resolution authority, and acknowledges, accepts, and agrees to be bound by: 

(1) the effect of the exercise of UK Bail-in Powers by the relevant UK resolution authority in relation
to any UK Bail-in Liability of the Underwriters to the Issuer under this Agreement, that (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 

(a) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the UK Bail-in Liability or outstanding
amounts due thereon; 

(b) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the UK Bail-in
Liability into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Underwriters or another person, and the issue to or conferral on the Issuer of such shares, securities or obligations; 

(c) the cancellation of the UK Bail-in Liability; and/or 

(d) the amendment or alteration of any interest, if applicable, thereon, the maturity or the dates on which any payments are
due, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 

(2) the variation of the terms of this Agreement, as deemed necessary by
the relevant UK resolution authority, to give effect to the exercise of UK Bail-in Powers by the relevant UK resolution authority. 

For the purpose of this Section 14(g), 

(1) UK Bail-in Legislation means Part I of the UK Banking Act 2009 and any other law or
regulation applicable in the UK relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (otherwise than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

(2) UK Bail-in Powers means the powers under the UK
Bail-in Legislation to cancel, transfer or dilute shares issued by a person that is a bank or investment firm or affiliate of a bank or investment firm, to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a
liability of such a person or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or
instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability. 

(3)
UK Bail-in Liability means a liability in respect of which the UK Bail-in Powers may be exercised. 

22 

(h) UK MiFIR Manufacturer Acknowledgement. Solely for the purposes of the
requirements of 3.2.7R of the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) regarding the mutual responsibilities of manufacturers under the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules:

(1) Merrill Lynch International (the UK Manufacturer) understands the responsibilities conferred upon it under the UK MiFIR
Product Governance Rules relating to each of the product approval process, the target market and the proposed distribution channels as applying to the Securities and the related information set out in the Final Prospectus and any press announcements
in connection with the Securities; and 

(2) the other Underwriter and the Issuer note the application of the UK MiFIR Product Governance
Rules and acknowledge the target market and distribution channels identified as applying to the Securities by the UK Manufacturer and the related information set out in the Final Prospectus and any press announcements in connection with the
Securities. 

(i) Agreement Among Managers. By executing this Agreement, each of the Underwriters hereby agrees to be bound by the
provisions of the International Capital Markets Association Agreement Among Managers Version 1/New York Law Schedule (the AMM), save that clause 3 of the AMM shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with Section 8 of this
Agreement and, in the event of any conflict between the provisions of the AMM and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail. For the purposes of the AMM and this Agreement, Managers means the Underwriters, Lead
Managers means the Underwriters, Settlement Lead Manager means Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Stabilizing Manager means Mizuho Securities USA LLC and Subscription Agreement means this Agreement. 

(j) Stabilization. The Issuer hereby authorizes the Stabilizing Manager to make adequate public disclosure regarding stabilization of
the information required in relation to such stabilization by Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 (including as each forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA), and by the
price stabilizing rules of the UK Financial Conduct Authority. The Stabilizing Manager for its own account may, to the extent permitted by applicable laws and directives, over-allot and effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price
of the Securities at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail, but in doing so the Stabilizing Manager shall act as principal and not as agent of the Issuer and any loss resulting from overallotment and stabilization shall be borne,
and any profit arising therefrom shall be beneficially retained, by the Stabilizing Manager. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilizing Manager (or persons acting on behalf of the Stabilizing Manager) will undertake any stabilization
action. Nothing contained in this paragraph shall be construed so as to require the Issuer to issue in excess of the aggregate principal amount of Securities specified in Schedule 1hereto. Such stabilization, if commenced, may be
discontinued at any time and shall be conducted by the Stabilizing Manager in accordance with all applicable laws and directives. 

23 

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding, please indicate your acceptance
of this Agreement by signing in the space provided below. 

Very truly yours,

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC.

By: 

/s/ Marc D. Hamburg

Name: Marc D. Hamburg

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

[Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
Underwriting Agreement] 

Accepted as of the date hereof: 

MIZUHO SECURITIES USA LLC

By: /s/ Robert Fahrbach

Name: Robert Fahrbach

Title: Managing Director

MERRILL LYNCH INTERNATIONAL

By: /s/ Angus Reynolds

Name: Angus Reynolds

Title: Managing Director

[Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
Underwriting Agreement] 

Schedule 1 

Underwriter Aggregate

Principal Amount

of 1.352% Senior

Notes due 2028 Aggregate

Principal Amount

of 1.593% Senior

Notes due 2030 Aggregate

Principal Amount

of 1.797% Senior

Notes due 2032 Aggregate

Principal Amount

of 2.090% Senior

Notes due 2035 Aggregate

Principal Amount

of 2.492% Senior

Notes due 2040 Aggregate

Principal Amount

of 3.117% Senior

Notes due 2055 

Mizuho Securities USA LLC 26,730,000,000 10,720,000,000 1,930,000,000 5,000,000,000 3,300,000,000 1,820,000,000 

Merrill Lynch International 21,870,000,000 8,780,000,000 1,570,000,000 4,100,000,000 2,700,000,000 1,480,000,000 

Total 48,600,000,000 19,500,000,000 3,500,000,000 9,100,000,000 6,000,000,000 3,300,000,000 

Sch 1-1 

Annex A 

Time of Sale Information 

The final term
sheet in the form set forth in Annex B hereto 

A-1 

Annex B 

90,000,000,000 

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. 

Pricing Term Sheet 

48,600,000,000 1.352% Senior Notes due 2028 

19,500,000,000 1.593% Senior Notes due 2030 

3,500,000,000 1.797% Senior Notes due 2032 

9,100,000,000 2.090% Senior Notes due 2035 

6,000,000,000 2.492% Senior Notes due 2040 

3,300,000,000 3.117% Senior Notes due 2055 

Issuer: 

Berkshire Hathaway Inc.

Offering Format: 

SEC Registered

Trade Date: 

April 11, 2025

Settlement Date: 

April 17, 2025 (T+4 Tokyo business days)

Expected Ratings*: 

Aa2/AA (Stable/Stable)

Title of Securities: 

1.352% Senior Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes)

1.593% Senior Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes)

1.797% Senior Notes due 2032 (the 2032 Notes)

2.090% Senior Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes)

2.492% Senior Notes due 2040 (the 2040 Notes)

3.117% Senior Notes due 2055 (the 2055 Notes)

Aggregate Principal Amount: 

48,600,000,000 (2028 Notes)

19,500,000,000 (2030 Notes)

3,500,000,000 (2032 Notes)

9,100,000,000 (2035 Notes)

6,000,000,000 (2040 Notes)

3,300,000,000 (2055 Notes)

Maturity Date: 

April 17, 2028 (2028 Notes)

April 17, 2030 (2030 Notes)

April 16, 2032 (2032 Notes)

April 17, 2035 (2035 Notes)

April 17, 2040 (2040 Notes)

April 15, 2055 (2055 Notes)

Issue Price (Price to Public): 

100% of face amount (2028 Notes)

100% of face amount (2030 Notes)

100% of face amount (2032 Notes)

100% of face amount (2035 Notes)

100% of face amount (2040 Notes)

100% of face amount (2055 Notes)

B-1 

Gross Spread: 

10 bps (2028 Notes)

15 bps (2030 Notes)

20 bps (2032 Notes)

25 bps (2035 Notes)

40 bps (2040 Notes)

55 bps (2055 Notes)

Proceeds to Issuer: 

89,850,250,000

Interest Rate: 

1.352% per annum (2028 Notes)

1.593% per annum (2030 Notes)

1.797% per annum (2032 Notes)

2.090% per annum (2035 Notes)

2.492% per annum (2040 Notes)

3.117% per annum (2055 Notes)

Reference Rate: 

0.652% (2028 Notes)

0.743% (2030 Notes)

0.847% (2032 Notes)

1.040% (2035 Notes)

1.392% (2040 Notes)

1.917% (2055 Notes)

Spread to Reference Rate: 

70 bps (2028 Notes)

85 bps (2030 Notes)

95 bps (2032 Notes)

105 bps (2035 Notes)

110 bps (2040 Notes)

120 bps (2055 Notes)

Yield: 

1.352% (2028 Notes)

1.593% (2030 Notes)

1.797% (2032 Notes)

2.090% (2035 Notes)

2.492% (2040 Notes)

3.117% (2055 Notes)

Day Count Convention: 

30/360

Interest Payment Dates: Semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 of each year commencing October 15, 2025 (and the Maturity Date)

B-2 

1.352% 2028 Notes^

1.593% 2030 Notes^

1.797% 2032 Notes^

2.090% 2035 Notes^

2.492% 2040 Notes^

3.117% 2055 Notes+

^ Short first, long last coupon

+ Short first coupon

Par Call: 

No Par Call (2028 Notes)

No Par Call (2030 Notes)

On or after February 16, 2032 (2032 Notes)

On or after January 17, 2035 (2035 Notes)

No Par Call (2040 Notes)

On or after October 15, 2054 (2055 Notes)

Minimum Denomination: 

100,000,000 and integral multiples of 10,000,000 in excess thereof

CUSIP: 

084670 ES3 (2028 Notes)

084670 ET1 (2030 Notes)

084670 EU8 (2032 Notes)

084670 EV6 (2035 Notes)

084670 EW4 (2040 Notes)

084670 EX2 (2055 Notes)

Common Code: 

304342595 (2028 Notes)

304342641 (2030 Notes)

304342676 (2032 Notes)

304342706 (2035 Notes)

304342722 (2040 Notes)

304342811 (2055 Notes)

ISIN: 

XS3043425951 (2028 Notes)

XS3043426413 (2030 Notes)

XS3043426769 (2032 Notes)

XS3043427064 (2035 Notes)

XS3043427221 (2040 Notes)

XS3043428112 (2055 Notes)

Paying Agent: 

The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch

Listing: 

None

Joint Book-Running Managers: 

Mizuho Securities USA LLC

Merrill Lynch International

B-3 

* 

Note: A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to
revision or withdrawal at any time. 

UK MiFIR professionals/ECPs-only/No EEA or UK PRIIPs KID: Manufacturer target market (UK MiFIR
product governance) is eligible counterparties and professional clients only (all distribution channels). No EEA or UK PRIIPs key information document (KID) has been prepared as the Securities are not available to retail investors in the EEA or in
the United Kingdom, respectively. 

Settlement Period: The closing will occur on April 17, 2025, which will be more than one Tokyo business day after the
date of this pricing term sheet. Rule 15c6-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 generally requires that securities trades in the secondary market settle in one business day, unless the parties to a
trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade the notes prior to the business day before the delivery of the notes will be required, by virtue of the fact that the Securities initially will settle in T+4, to specify an
alternative settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent failed settlement. Purchasers of the notes who wish to trade the notes prior to the business day before the delivery of the notes should consult their own advisors. 

The Issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest,
you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the Issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the Issuer and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC
web site at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the issuer, any underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling Mizuho Securities USA LLC toll-free at (866) 271-7403 or Merrill Lynch International toll-free at +1-800-294-1322.

B-4 

Annex C 

Opinion of Baker & McKenzie LLP 

(i) The Registration Statement became effective under the Securities Act upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462
of the Securities Act; the Indenture has been qualified under the Trust Indenture Act; the Final Prospectus was filed with the Commission in the manner and within the time period specified by Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act; and, to the
knowledge of such counsel, no order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceeding for that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act against the Issuer or in connection with the
offering is pending or threatened by the Commission. 

(ii) Based solely on such counsels review of a certificate of
good standing issued by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, the Issuer is validly existing as a corporation, in good standing under the laws of the state of Delaware, with the corporate power and authority to own its properties and
conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement and the Final Prospectus. 

(iii) This Agreement has been
duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Issuer. 

(iv) The Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered
by the Issuer, and assuming due authorization, execution and delivery thereof by the Trustee, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Issuer enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject, as to enforcement, to bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equity principles. 

(v) The Agency Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Issuer, and assuming due authorization,
execution and delivery thereof by the Paying Agent, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Issuer, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject, as to enforcement, to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and other laws
of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equity principles. 

(vi) The
Securities being delivered on the Closing Date have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Issuer and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery of the Indenture by the Trustee and the due authentication of the Securities
by the Trustee in accordance with the Indenture, have been issued in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and constitute valid and binding obligations of the Issuer, enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with their terms, subject, as to
enforcement, to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equity principles; the Securities are in the form contemplated by, and are entitled to the
benefits of, the Indenture. 

C-1 

(vii) The issue and sale of the Securities, and the compliance by the Issuer
with all of the provisions of the Securities, the Transaction Documents and this Agreement, and the consummation of the transactions herein and therein contemplated, will not (A) result in a breach or violation of any of the terms or provisions
of, or constitute a default under, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other agreement or instrument to which the Issuer is a party and which is identified in the officers certificates delivered to such counsel by the
Issuer in connection with the rendering of such opinion, (B) violate the provisions of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws (as amended through the date of such opinion) of the Issuer or
(C) violate any order listed on Schedule I, except, in the case of clauses (A) and (C), any such breach, violation, or default which would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(viii) No consent, approval, authorization, order, registration or qualification of or with any such court or governmental
agency or body having jurisdiction over the Issuer is required under the Specified Laws for the issue and sale of the Securities or the execution and delivery by the Issuer of the Transaction Documents, except such as have already been obtained or
made and are in full force and effect, or as may be required for the registration of the Securities under the Securities Act or the qualification of the Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act, or as may be required under state securities or Blue
Sky laws in connection with the purchase and distribution of the Securities by the Underwriters, or the failure of which to obtain would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(ix) The statements set forth in the Time of Sale Information and the Final Prospectus under the caption Description of
the Notes (other than under the subsection Depositary Procedures) and Description of the Debt Securities, insofar as they purport to constitute a summary of the terms of the Securities, and based on the assumptions and
subject to the qualifications and limitations set forth therein, are correct in all material respects. 

(x) The statements
set forth in the Time of Sale Information and the Final Prospectus under the caption Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations, insofar as they purport to constitute summaries of matters of United States federal income tax
law and regulations or legal conclusions with respect thereto, and based on the assumptions and subject to the qualifications and limitations set forth therein, are correct in all material respects. 

(xi) The Issuer is not an investment company as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act. 

Such opinions shall be limited to the laws of the States of New York and Delaware (and as to Delaware, limited to the Delaware General
Corporation Law) or the United States (the Specified Laws). In rendering such opinion, such counsel may, as to matters of fact, rely on certificates of responsible officers of the Issuer or the Significant Subsidiaries, and public
officials. 

C-2 

10b-5 Statement of Baker & McKenzie LLP

Counsel shall state that, based upon their participation in the preparation of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale
Information and the Final Prospectus (excluding the documents incorporated by reference therein) and any amendments or supplements thereto: 

(i) the Registration Statement at the time it became effective, the Preliminary Prospectus and each Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus included in the Time of Sale Information as of the Time of Sale (which such counsel may assume is 10:00 A.M Tokyo time on the date of this Agreement) and the Final Prospectus as of its date (other than, in each case, the financial
statements, financial and accounting data or supporting schedules (or any notes to any such statements or schedules) or other financial or statistical information included or incorporated by reference in (or omitted from) such documents, as to which
such counsel need express no view) appear on their faces to have complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act; and the Indenture appears on its face to have complied as to form in all material respects
with the requirements of the Trust Indenture Act; and 

(ii) no facts have come to their attention to cause them to believe
that (A) the Registration Statement, at the time of its effective date (including the information, if any, deemed to be part of the Registration Statement at the time of effectiveness), contained any untrue statement of a material fact or
omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (B) the Time of Sale Information, as of the Time of Sale, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to
state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; or (C) the Final Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto executed by the
Issuer prior to the Closing Date contained as of its date or contains as of the Closing Date an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or omits, as the case may be, to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; in each case, other than the financial statements, financial and accounting data or supporting schedules (or any notes to any such statements or schedules) or other financial or
statistical information included or incorporated by reference in (or omitted from) such documents, as to which such counsel need express no view. 

C-3 

Annex D 

Opinion of Anderson Mori & Tomotsune 

(i) The offer and sale of the Securities by the Issuer to the Underwriters or the reoffer and resale of the Securities by the Underwriters to the initial
purchasers therefrom solely in the manner contemplated by the Prospectus Supplement do not require (i) registration under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law or (ii) a filing by the Issuer with the Ministry of Finance of Japan
(except for the ex-post facto reports in connection with the issue and offering of the Securities under the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Law of Japan (Law No. 228 of 1949 of Japan, as amended)).

(ii) Assuming that none of the global securities and the certificated notes will be issued in Japan and the Underwriting Agreement has not been executed
in Japan, no stamp taxes or other similar taxes or duties are payable in Japan by the Underwriters in connection with the execution and delivery of the Underwriting Agreement or the issuance and sale of the Securities solely in the manner
contemplated by the Prospectus Supplement and the Underwriting Agreement. 

D-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d934563dex42.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.2
<TEXT>
EX-4.2

Exhibit 4.2 

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. 

OFFICERS CERTIFICATE 

ESTABLISHING THE TERMS OF 1.352% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2028 

April 17, 2025 

The
undersigned, Marc D. Hamburg and Cara A. Lazure, do hereby certify pursuant to Section 3.01 of that certain Indenture, dated as of January 31, 2025 (the Indenture), among Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (the
Company), Berkshire Hathaway Finance Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, that: 

1. They are (i) the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and (ii) the Assistant Secretary, respectively, of the
Company. 

2. As such officers, they are authorized to execute and deliver this Officers Certificate on behalf of the Company. 

3. Attached hereto as Annex A is a true and correct copy of a specimen note representing the Companys 1.352%Senior Notes
due 2028 (the Notes). 

4. The Notes are a separate series of Securities under the Indenture. The terms of the Notes set
forth in the form of Notes attached hereto as Annex A are incorporated herein by reference. 

5. The title of the Notes shall be the
1.352% Senior Notes due 2028. The Notes will be the Companys unsecured senior obligations, will rank pari passuin right of payment with all of the Companys unsubordinated, unsecured indebtedness and will be senior in
right of payment to all of the Companys subordinated indebtedness. 

6. The Company will initially issue 48,600,000,000
aggregate principal amount of Notes. The Company may issue additional Notes from time to time after the date hereof, and such Notes will be treated as part of the same series of Notes for all purposes under the Indenture. 

7. The principal amount of the Notes will mature on April 17, 2028. 

8. The Notes are issuable in minimum denominations of 100,000,000 and integral multiples of 10,000,000 in excess thereof. 

9. Interest on the Notes for any full semi-annual interest period will be computed on the basis of a
360-day year of twelve 30-day months. The amount of interest payable for any period shorter than a full semi-annual interest period for which interest is computed will
be computed on the basis of 30-day months and, for periods of less than a month, the actual number of days elapsed per 30-day month. 

- 1 - 

10. The Notes will bear interest from April 17, 2025 at the rate of 1.352% per annum,
payable on each April 15 and October 15, commencing on October 15, 2025, to the holders of record of the Notes at the close of business on the preceding April 1 and October 1 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may
be, immediately preceding such April 15 or October 15, or if the Notes are represented by one or more global securities, the close of business on the business day (for this purpose a day on which Euroclear Bank S.A/N.V.
(Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, socit anonyme (Clearstream)are open for business) immediately preceding the interest payment date. 

11. Payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the Notes will be made at the office or agency of the Company maintained
for that purpose in The City of London, England, which shall be initially the corporate trust office of The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, located at 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA; provided, however, that at the
option of the Company payments of principal, premium or interest may be made by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register, subject to surrender at such office or agency, in the
case of payments of principal or premium. 

12. All payments of interest and principal on the Notes, including payments made upon any
redemption of the Notes, will be made in yen. If the yen is unavailable to the Company due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the Companys control, then all payments in respect of the Notes will be made in
United States dollars until the yen is again available to the Company or so used. The amount payable on any date in yen will be converted into U.S. dollars at the rate mandated by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board as of the close of business on the
second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the U.S. Federal Reserve Board has not mandated a rate of conversion, on the basis of the most recent U.S. dollar/yen exchange rate published in The Wall Street Journal on or
prior to the second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the Wall Street Journal has not published such exchange rate, the rate will be determined in the Companys sole discretion on the basis of the most recently
available market exchange rate for yen (in each case, the Market Exchange Rate). The Market Exchange Rate most recently available on, or prior to, the second Business Day before the relevant determination date will be the basis
for determining the equivalent of yen in the currency of the United States of America for any purpose under the Indenture, including for purposes of the definition of Outstanding in Section 1.01 of the Indenture. Any payment in
respect of the Notes so made in U.S. dollars will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or the Indenture. Neither the Trustee nor the Paying Agent shall have any responsibility for any calculation or conversion in connection with the
foregoing. 

13. The Notes will initially be issued in the form of one or more Global Securities and registered in the name of the nominee
of the common depositary for the accounts of Clearstream and Euroclear. The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch shall initially serve as the Depositary for such Global Securities. 

14. The Paying Agent for the Notes will be The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon notice to the
Trustee, the Company may change the Paying Agent. 

15. The Notes shall be defeasible in whole or in part pursuant to the terms of the
Indenture, including, without limitation, Section 13.02 and Section 13.03 of the Indenture. 

- 2 - 

16. The Company will be obligated to pay additional amounts on the Notes as described under
the heading Payment of Additional Amounts in the form of the Notes incorporated herein by reference (such amounts, the Additional Amounts). 

At least 10 days prior to the first Interest Payment Date and at least 10 days prior to each date of payment of principal or interest on the
Notes if there has been a change with respect to the matters set forth in the below-mentioned Officers Certificate last delivered to the Trustee and the principal Paying Agent, if other than the Trustee, the Company shall furnish to the
Trustee and the principal Paying Agent, if other than the Trustee, an Officers Certificate instructing the Trustee and such Paying Agent whether such payment of principal or interest on the Notes shall be made to Holders without withholding or
deduction for or on account of any taxes described under the heading Payment of Additional Amounts in the form of the Notes incorporated herein by reference. If any such withholding or deduction shall be required, then such
Officers Certificate shall specify by country the amount, if any, required to be withheld or deducted on such payments to such Holders and shall certify the fact that Additional Amounts will be payable and the amounts so payable to each
Holder, and the Company shall pay to the Trustee or such Paying Agent such Additional Amounts required to be paid under the Notes. 

Whenever in the Notes there is mentioned, in any context, the payment of the principal of or any premium, interest or any other amounts on, or
in respect of, the Notes, such mention shall be deemed to include mention of the payment of Additional Amounts to the extent that, in such context, Additional Amounts are, were or would be payable in respect thereof pursuant to the terms hereof, and
express mention of the payment of Additional Amounts in any provision of the Notes shall not be construed as excluding the payment of Additional Amounts in those provisions thereof where such express mention is not made. 

17. The Notes may be redeemed in whole or in part pursuant to the terms set forth in the form of the Notes incorporated herein by reference.
The Company shall give the Trustee notice of the redemption price promptly after the calculation thereof and the Trustee shall have no responsibility for such calculation. Prior to the giving of any notice of redemption with respect to a redemption
arising from the payment of Additional Amounts, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate to the effect that all conditions precedent provided for in the Indenture to such redemption have been complied with. 

18. The Notes and the authentication pages to the Notes may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. The Trustee may authenticate the Notes by manual, facsimile or electronic signature. Electronically imaged signatures such as .pdf files, faxed signatures or other electronic
signatures to the Notes and the authentication pages to the Notes shall have the same effect as original signatures. 

All capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given such terms in the Indenture. 

[Remainder of page intentionally
left blank.] 

- 3 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Officers Certificate has been executed by the undersigned as
of the date first written above. 

/s/ Marc D. Hamburg

Name: Marc D. Hamburg

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

/s/ Cara A. Lazure

Name: Cara A. Lazure

Title: Assistant Secretary

[BRK Officers Certificate Establishing Terms of 1.352% Senior Notes due 2028 (JPY)] 

ANNEX A 

SPECIMENOF NOTE

1.352% Senior Notes due 2028 

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the
Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

TRUST COMPANY, N.A.

as
Trustee,

By: 

Name:

Title:

Dated: April 17, 2025 

THIS DEBT SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS
REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS DEBT SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR A SECURITY REGISTERED, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS DEBT SECURITY IN WHOLE OR IN PART MAY BE REGISTERED, IN THE NAME OF ANY
PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF, EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE. 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS
PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF EUROCLEAR BANK, S.A./N.V., AS OPERATOR OF THE EUROCLEAR SYSTEM (EUROCLEAR), AND CLEARSTREAM BANKING, SOCIT ANONYME, LUXEMBOURG (CLEARSTREAM AND, TOGETHER WITH
EUROCLEAR, EUROCLEAR/CLEARSTREAM), TO BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OR TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE BANK OF NEW YORK DEPOSITORY (NOMINEES) LIMITED OR
IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF EUROCLEAR/CLEARSTREAM (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO THE BANK OF NEW YORK DEPOSITORY (NOMINEES) LIMITED OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF
EUROCLEAR/CLEARSTREAM), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, THE BANK OF NEW YORK DEPOSITORY (NOMINEES) LIMITED, HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. 

************************** 

1.352% Senior Notes due 2028 

CUSIP: 084670 ES3 

ISIN: XS3043425951 

COMMON CODE: 304342595 

No. 1 48,600,000,000

(as revised by the Schedule of Increases and

Decreases in Global Security attached hereto)

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (herein called the
Company, which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to The Bank of New York Depository (Nominees) Limited, the registered Holder hereof, as nominee of
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as common depositary for Euroclear Bank, S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, socit anonyme (Clearstream), the principal sum of Forty Eight Billion
Six Hundred Million Yen (48,600,000,000) (as revised by the Schedule of Increases and Decreases in Global Security attached hereto) on April 17, 2028, and to pay interest thereon from and including April 17, 2025 or from
and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (as defined below) to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 in each year, commencing October 15, 2025 (each an Interest
Payment Date), at the rate of 1.352% per annum (as adjusted, if at all, pursuant to such Indenture, the Interest Rate), until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment; provided that any principal, and any
such installment of interest, which is overdue shall bear interest at the Interest Rate (to the extent that the payment of such interest shall be legally enforceable), from the dates such amounts are due until they are paid or made available for
payment, and such interest shall be payable on demand. Interest on the Debt Securities of this series for any full semi-annual interest period will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. The amount of interest payable for any period shorter than a full semi-annual interest period for which interest is computed will be computed on the basis of
30-day months and, for periods of less than a month, the actual number of days elapsed per 30-day month. 

The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid to the Person in
whose name this Debt Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date (whether or not a Business Day) for such interest. Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for
will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Debt Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on a Special Record
Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice whereof shall be given to Holders of Debt Securities of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or be paid at any time in any other
lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Debt Securities of this series may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in such Indenture. 

Business Day means any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is not a day
on which banking institutions in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York or London or Tokyo are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close and that is a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross
Settlement Express Transfer System (the TARGET system), or any successor or replacement for that system, operates. 

Regular Record
Date means, with respect to any Interest Payment Date, the April 1 and October 1 (whether or not a Business Day) or, if this Debt Security is represented by one or more Global Securities, the close of business on the business day
(for this purpose a day on which Clearstream and Euroclear are open for business), in each case, immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date. 

Payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on this Debt Security will be made at the office or agency of the Company
maintained for that purpose in the City of London, England, which shall be initially the corporate trust office of The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, located at 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA; provided, however, that at
the option of the Company payments of principal, premium or interest may be made by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register, subject to surrender at such office or agency, in
the case of payments of principal or premium. 

All payments on this Debt Security will be made in yen; provided, that if on or
after April 17, 2025, the yen is unavailable to the Company due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the Companys control, then all payments in respect of this Debt Security will be made in U.S. dollars
until the yen is again available to the Company or so used. The amount payable on any date in yen will be converted into U.S. dollars at the rate mandated by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board as of the close of business on the second Business Day prior
to the relevant payment date or, in the event the U.S. Federal Reserve Board has not mandated a rate of conversion, on the basis of the then most recent U.S. dollar/yen exchange rate published in The Wall Street Journal on or prior to the second
Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the Wall Street Journal has not published such exchange rate, the rate will be determined in the Companys sole discretion on the basis of the most recently available market
exchange rate for yen. Any payment in respect of this Debt Security so made in U.S. dollars will not constitute an Event of Default with respect to the Debt Securities of this series or under the Indenture governing the Debt Securities. Neither the
Trustee nor the Paying Agent shall have any responsibility for any calculation or conversion in connection with the foregoing. 

yen and means the lawful currency of Japan. 

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Debt Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for
all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the
Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual or electronic signature, this Debt Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed. 

Dated: April 17, 2025 BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC.

By: 

Name: Marc D. Hamburg

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Attest:

Name: Cara A. Lazure

Title: Assistant Secretary

[REVERSE OF DEBT SECURITY] 

This Debt Security is one of a duly authorized series of notes of the Company (herein called the Debt Securities), issued and to
be issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of January 31, 2025 (herein called the Base Indenture, and as supplemented by the Officers Certificate dated April 17, 2025 with respect to this Debt Security,
together with the Base Indenture, called the Indenture), among the Company, as issuer, Berkshire Hathaway Finance Corporation, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (herein called the Trustee, which
term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), and reference is hereby made to the Indenture for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of
the Debt Securities and of the terms upon which the Debt Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Debt Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially limited in aggregate principal amount to
48,600,000,000. The Company may at any time issue additional securities under the Indenture in unlimited amounts having the same terms as the Debt Securities of a series, provided that no additional securities of a series may be issued if at
the time of issuance an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to such series of securities. 

This Debt Security
does not have the benefit of any sinking fund obligation. 

If, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws (or any regulations
or rulings promulgated under the laws) of the United States (or any political subdivision of or taxing authority in the United States), or any change in, or amendment to, an official position regarding the application or interpretation of such laws,
regulations or rulings (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States), which change or amendment is announced or becomes effective on or after April 11, 2025, the Company becomes or, based upon a written opinion
of independent counsel selected by the Company, there is a substantial probability that the Company will become, obligated to pay additional amounts as described under the heading Payment of Additional Amounts, below, with respect to the
Debt Securities of this series, then the Company may at any time at its option redeem the Debt Securities of this series, in whole but not in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of their principal amount, together with accrued and unpaid
interest on the Debt Securities being redeemed to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 

The Company must give the Holders of
this Debt Security notice, as provided in the Indenture, of any redemption of this Debt Security not less than 10 days or more than 60 days before the date fixed for redemption. If the Company elects to redeem fewer than all the Debt Securities of
this series, the Trustee will select the particular Debt Securities of this series to be redeemed by such method that the Trustee deems fair and appropriate; provided, that if the Debt Securities of this series are represented by one or more
Global Securities, beneficial interests therein shall be selected for redemption by Clearstream and Euroclear in accordance with their respective applicable procedures therefor; providedfurther, that no Debt Securities of this series
of a principal amount of 100,000,000 or less shall be redeemed in part. 

In the event of redemption of this Debt Security in part
only, a new Debt Security or Debt Securities of this series and of like tenor for the unredeemed portion hereof will be issued in the name of the Holder hereof upon the cancellation hereof. 

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any time of the entire Indebtedness of this Debt Security or of certain restrictive
covenants and Events of Default with respect to this Debt Security, in each case upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture. 

If an Event of Default with respect to the Debt Securities of this series shall occur and be
continuing, the principal of the Debt Securities of this series may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Debt Securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the
Debt Securities at the time Outstanding of each series to be affected (voting together as a single class). The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in principal amount of the Debt Securities of each
series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Debt Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any
such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Debt Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Debt Security and of any Debt Security issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange
herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Debt Security. 

As provided in and subject
to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder of this Debt Security shall not have the right to institute any proceeding with respect to the Indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or for any other remedy thereunder, unless such
Holder shall have previously given the Trustee written notice of a continuing Event of Default with respect to the Debt Securities of this series, the Holders of at least 33% in principal amount of the Debt Securities of this series at the time
Outstanding shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default as Trustee and offered the Trustee indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it, and the Trustee shall not have received
from the Holders of a majority in principal amount of Debt Securities of this series at the time Outstanding a direction inconsistent with such request, and shall have failed to institute any such proceeding, for 60 days after receipt of such
notice, request and offer of indemnity. The foregoing shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Holder of this Debt Security for the enforcement of any payment of principal hereof or any premium or interest hereon on or after the respective due
dates expressed herein. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Debt Security or of the Indenture shall alter or
impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and any interest on this Debt Security at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Debt Security is registrable in the
Security Register, upon surrender of this Debt Security for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company in any place where the principal of and any premium and interest on this Debt Security are payable, duly endorsed by, or
accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or the Holders attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Debt
Securities of this series and of like tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. 

The Indenture and this Debt Security are governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of laws provisions
thereof. 

The Debt Securities of this series are issuable in registered form without coupons in
minimum denominations of 100,000,000 and integral multiples of 10,000,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Debt Securities of this series are exchangeable for a like
aggregate principal amount of Debt Securities of this series and of like tenor of a different authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

No service charge shall be made to a Holder for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum
sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

Prior to due presentment of this Debt Security
for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent thereof may treat the Person in whose name this Debt Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Debt Security be overdue, and none of the
Company, the Trustee or any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

Except in the limited circumstances described in
Section 3.05 of the Indenture, the Debt Securities of this series shall be issued in the form of one or more Global Securities and a common depositary for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream shall be the Depositary for such Global
Security or Securities. 

All terms used in this Debt Security which are not defined herein and are defined in the Indenture shall have the
meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

Payment of Additional Amounts 

All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Debt Securities of this series shall be made free and clear of, and without deduction
or withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges of whatsoever nature required to be deducted or withheld by the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority of or
in the United States, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law or the official interpretation or administration thereof. 

In the event any withholding or deduction on payments in respect of the Debt Securities of this series for or on account of any present or
future tax, assessment or other governmental charge is required to be deducted or withheld by the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, the Company shall pay such additional amounts on the Debt Securities
of this series as will result in receipt by each beneficial owner of such Debt Security that is not a U.S. Person (as defined below) of such amounts (after all such withholding or deduction, including on any additional amounts) as would have been
received by such beneficial owner had no such withholding or deduction been required. The Company will not be required, however, to make any payment of additional amounts for or on account of: 

(a) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for (1) the
existence of any present or former connection (other than a connection arising solely from the ownership of those Debt Securities or the receipt of payments in respect of those Debt Securities) between a Holder of a Debt Security of this series (or
the beneficial owner for whose benefit such Holder holds such Debt Security), or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary of, member or shareholder of, or possessor of a power over, that Holder or beneficial owner (if that Holder or beneficial
owner is an estate, trust, partnership or corporation) and the United States, including that Holder or beneficial owner, or that fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member, shareholder or possessor, being or having been a citizen or resident or treated
as a resident of the United States or being or having been engaged in trade or business or present in the United States or having had a permanent establishment in the United States or (2) the presentation of a Debt Security of this series for
payment on a date more than 30 days after the later of the date on which that payment becomes due and payable and the date on which payment is duly provided for; 

(b) 

any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, capital gains, excise, personal property, wealth or similar
tax, assessment or other governmental charge; 

(c) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by reason of the beneficial owners past or
present status as a passive foreign investment company, a controlled foreign corporation, a foreign tax exempt organization or a personal holding company with respect to the United States or as a corporation that accumulates earnings to avoid U.S.
federal income tax; 

(d) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which is payable by any method other than withholding or
deducting from payment of principal of or premium, if any, or interest on the Debt Securities of this series; 

(e) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be withheld by any Paying Agent from any payment
of principal of and premium, if any, or interest on any Debt Security of this series if that payment can be made without withholding by any other Paying Agent; 

(f) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which would not have been imposed but for the failure of a
beneficial owner or any Holder of Debt Securities of this series to comply with the Companys request or a request of the Companys agent to satisfy certification, information, documentation or other reporting requirements concerning the
nationality, residence, identity or connections with the United States of the beneficial owner or any Holder of the Debt Securities of this series that such beneficial owner or Holder is legally able to deliver (including, but not limited to, the
requirement to provide an applicable Internal Revenue Service Form W-8, or any subsequent versions thereof or successor thereto, and including, without limitation, any documentation requirement under an
applicable income tax treaty); 

(g) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed on interest received by (1) a 10-percent shareholder (as defined in Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and the U.S. Treasury regulations that may be promulgated thereunder) of
the Company, (2) a controlled foreign corporation that is related to the Company within the meaning of Section 864(d)(4) of the Code or (3) a bank receiving interest described in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, to the extent
such tax, assessment or other governmental charge would not have been imposed but for the beneficial owners status as described in clauses (1) through (3) of this item (g); 

(h) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be withheld or deducted under Sections 1471
through 1474 of the Code (or any amended or successor version of such Sections) (FATCA), any regulations or other guidance thereunder, or any agreement (including any intergovernmental agreement) entered into in connection therewith; or
any law, regulation or other official guidance enacted in any jurisdiction implementing FATCA or an intergovernmental agreement in respect of FATCA; or 

(i) 

any combination of items (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g) and (h); 

nor will the Company pay any additional amounts to any beneficial owner or Holder of Debt Securities of this series who is a fiduciary or partnership
(including any entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) to the extent that a beneficiary or settlor with respect to that fiduciary or a member of that partnership or a beneficial owner thereof would not have been
entitled to the payment of those additional amounts had that beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner been the beneficial owner of those Debt Securities. 

U.S. Person means any individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States for 

U.S. federal income tax purposes, a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organized in or
under the laws of the United States, any state of the United States or the District of Columbia (other than a partnership that is not treated as a United States person under any applicable U.S. Treasury regulations), or any estate or trust the
income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source. 

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN GLOBAL SECURITY

The following increases or decreases in this Debt Security have been made: 

Date of exchange Amount of decrease in

principal amount of

this Debt Security Amount of increase in

principal amount of this

Debt Security Principal amount of this

Debt Security following

such decrease or increase Signature of authorized

signatory of Trustee or

Security Custodian

ASSIGNMENT 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned assigns and transfers this Debt Security to: 

(Insert assignees social security or tax identification number) 

-

(Insert address and zip code of assignee) 

and irrevocably appoints _______ as agent to transfer this Debt Security on the Security Register. The agent may substitute another to act for
him or her. 

Dated: Signature:

Signature Guarantee: 

(Sign
exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Debt Security) 

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution
meeting the requirements of the Security Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be
determined by the Security Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d934563dex43.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.3
<TEXT>
EX-4.3

Exhibit 4.3 

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. 

OFFICERS CERTIFICATE 

ESTABLISHING THE TERMS OF 1.593% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2030 

April 17, 2025 

The
undersigned, Marc D. Hamburg and Cara A. Lazure, do hereby certify pursuant to Section 3.01 of that certain Indenture, dated as of January 31, 2025 (the Indenture), among Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (the
Company), Berkshire Hathaway Finance Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, that: 

1. They are (i) the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and (ii) the Assistant Secretary, respectively, of the
Company. 

2. As such officers, they are authorized to execute and deliver this Officers Certificate on behalf of the Company. 

3. Attached hereto as Annex A is a true and correct copy of a specimen note representing the Companys 1.593%Senior Notes
due 2030 (the Notes). 

4. The Notes are a separate series of Securities under the Indenture. The terms of the Notes set
forth in the form of Notes attached hereto as Annex A are incorporated herein by reference. 

5. The title of the Notes shall be the
1.593% Senior Notes due 2030. The Notes will be the Companys unsecured senior obligations, will rank pari passuin right of payment with all of the Companys unsubordinated, unsecured indebtedness and will be senior in
right of payment to all of the Companys subordinated indebtedness. 

6. The Company will initially issue 19,500,000,000
aggregate principal amount of Notes. The Company may issue additional Notes from time to time after the date hereof, and such Notes will be treated as part of the same series of Notes for all purposes under the Indenture. 

7. The principal amount of the Notes will mature on April 17, 2030. 

8. The Notes are issuable in minimum denominations of 100,000,000 and integral multiples of 10,000,000 in excess thereof. 

9. Interest on the Notes for any full semi-annual interest period will be computed on the basis of a
360-day year of twelve 30-day months. The amount of interest payable for any period shorter than a full semi-annual interest period for which interest is computed will
be computed on the basis of 30-day months and, for periods of less than a month, the actual number of days elapsed per 30-day month. 

- 1 - 

10. The Notes will bear interest from April 17, 2025 at the rate of 1.593% per annum,
payable on each April 15 and October 15, commencing on October 15, 2025, to the holders of record of the Notes at the close of business on the preceding April 1 and October 1 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may
be, immediately preceding such April 15 or October 15, or if the Notes are represented by one or more global securities, the close of business on the business day (for this purpose a day on which Euroclear Bank S.A/N.V.
(Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, socit anonyme (Clearstream)are open for business) immediately preceding the interest payment date. 

11. Payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the Notes will be made at the office or agency of the Company maintained
for that purpose in The City of London, England, which shall be initially the corporate trust office of The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, located at 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA; provided, however, that at the
option of the Company payments of principal, premium or interest may be made by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register, subject to surrender at such office or agency, in the
case of payments of principal or premium. 

12. All payments of interest and principal on the Notes, including payments made upon any
redemption of the Notes, will be made in yen. If the yen is unavailable to the Company due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the Companys control, then all payments in respect of the Notes will be made in
United States dollars until the yen is again available to the Company or so used. The amount payable on any date in yen will be converted into U.S. dollars at the rate mandated by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board as of the close of business on the
second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the U.S. Federal Reserve Board has not mandated a rate of conversion, on the basis of the most recent U.S. dollar/yen exchange rate published in The Wall Street Journal on or
prior to the second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the Wall Street Journal has not published such exchange rate, the rate will be determined in the Companys sole discretion on the basis of the most recently
available market exchange rate for yen (in each case, the Market Exchange Rate). The Market Exchange Rate most recently available on, or prior to, the second Business Day before the relevant determination date will be the basis
for determining the equivalent of yen in the currency of the United States of America for any purpose under the Indenture, including for purposes of the definition of Outstanding in Section 1.01 of the Indenture. Any payment in
respect of the Notes so made in U.S. dollars will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or the Indenture. Neither the Trustee nor the Paying Agent shall have any responsibility for any calculation or conversion in connection with the
foregoing. 

13. The Notes will initially be issued in the form of one or more Global Securities and registered in the name of the nominee
of the common depositary for the accounts of Clearstream and Euroclear. The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch shall initially serve as the Depositary for such Global Securities. 

14. The Paying Agent for the Notes will be The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon notice to the
Trustee, the Company may change the Paying Agent. 

15. The Notes shall be defeasible in whole or in part pursuant to the terms of the
Indenture, including, without limitation, Section 13.02 and Section 13.03 of the Indenture. 

- 2 - 

16. The Company will be obligated to pay additional amounts on the Notes as described under
the heading Payment of Additional Amounts in the form of the Notes incorporated herein by reference (such amounts, the Additional Amounts). 

At least 10 days prior to the first Interest Payment Date and at least 10 days prior to each date of payment of principal or interest on the
Notes if there has been a change with respect to the matters set forth in the below-mentioned Officers Certificate last delivered to the Trustee and the principal Paying Agent, if other than the Trustee, the Company shall furnish to the
Trustee and the principal Paying Agent, if other than the Trustee, an Officers Certificate instructing the Trustee and such Paying Agent whether such payment of principal or interest on the Notes shall be made to Holders without withholding or
deduction for or on account of any taxes described under the heading Payment of Additional Amounts in the form of the Notes incorporated herein by reference. If any such withholding or deduction shall be required, then such
Officers Certificate shall specify by country the amount, if any, required to be withheld or deducted on such payments to such Holders and shall certify the fact that Additional Amounts will be payable and the amounts so payable to each
Holder, and the Company shall pay to the Trustee or such Paying Agent such Additional Amounts required to be paid under the Notes. 

Whenever in the Notes there is mentioned, in any context, the payment of the principal of or any premium, interest or any other amounts on, or
in respect of, the Notes, such mention shall be deemed to include mention of the payment of Additional Amounts to the extent that, in such context, Additional Amounts are, were or would be payable in respect thereof pursuant to the terms hereof, and
express mention of the payment of Additional Amounts in any provision of the Notes shall not be construed as excluding the payment of Additional Amounts in those provisions thereof where such express mention is not made. 

17. The Notes may be redeemed in whole or in part pursuant to the terms set forth in the form of the Notes incorporated herein by reference.
The Company shall give the Trustee notice of the redemption price promptly after the calculation thereof and the Trustee shall have no responsibility for such calculation. Prior to the giving of any notice of redemption with respect to a redemption
arising from the payment of Additional Amounts, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate to the effect that all conditions precedent provided for in the Indenture to such redemption have been complied with. 

18. The Notes and the authentication pages to the Notes may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. The Trustee may authenticate the Notes by manual, facsimile or electronic signature. Electronically imaged signatures such as .pdf files, faxed signatures or other electronic
signatures to the Notes and the authentication pages to the Notes shall have the same effect as original signatures. 

All capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given such terms in the Indenture. 

[Remainder of page intentionally
left blank.] 

- 3 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Officers Certificate has been executed by the undersigned as
of the date first written above. 

/s/ Marc D. Hamburg

Name: Marc D. Hamburg

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

/s/ Cara A. Lazure

Name: Cara A. Lazure

Title: Assistant Secretary

[BRK Officers Certificate Establishing Terms of 1.593% Senior Notes due 2030 (JPY)] 

ANNEX A 

SPECIMENOF NOTE

1.593% Senior Notes due 2030 

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the
Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A. as Trustee,

By: 

Name:

Title:

Dated: April 17, 2025 

THIS DEBT SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS
REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS DEBT SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR A SECURITY REGISTERED, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS DEBT SECURITY IN WHOLE OR IN PART MAY BE REGISTERED, IN THE NAME OF ANY
PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF, EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE. 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS
PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF EUROCLEAR BANK, S.A./N.V., AS OPERATOR OF THE EUROCLEAR SYSTEM (EUROCLEAR), AND CLEARSTREAM BANKING, SOCIT ANONYME, LUXEMBOURG (CLEARSTREAM AND, TOGETHER WITH
EUROCLEAR, EUROCLEAR/CLEARSTREAM), TO BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OR TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE BANK OF NEW YORK DEPOSITORY (NOMINEES) LIMITED OR
IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF EUROCLEAR/CLEARSTREAM (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO THE BANK OF NEW YORK DEPOSITORY (NOMINEES) LIMITED OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF
EUROCLEAR/CLEARSTREAM), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, THE BANK OF NEW YORK DEPOSITORY (NOMINEES) LIMITED, HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. 

************************** 

1.593% Senior Notes due 2030 

CUSIP: 084670 ET1 

ISIN: XS3043426413 

COMMON CODE: 304342641 

No. 1 19,500,000,000

(as revised by the Schedule of Increases and

Decreases in Global Security attached hereto)

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware
(herein called the Company, which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to The Bank of New York Depository (Nominees) Limited, the registered Holder
hereof, as nominee of The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as common depositary for Euroclear Bank, S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, socit anonyme (Clearstream), the principal sum of
Nineteen Billion Five Hundred Million Yen (19,500,000,000) (as revised by the Schedule of Increases and Decreases in Global Security attached hereto) on April 17, 2030, and to pay interest thereon from and including
April 17, 2025 or from and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (as defined below) to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 in each year, commencing October 15,
2025 (each an Interest Payment Date), at the rate of 1.593% per annum (as adjusted, if at all, pursuant to such Indenture, the Interest Rate), until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment; provided
that any principal, and any such installment of interest, which is overdue shall bear interest at the Interest Rate (to the extent that the payment of such interest shall be legally enforceable), from the dates such amounts are due until they are
paid or made available for payment, and such interest shall be payable on demand. Interest on the Debt Securities of this series for any full semi-annual interest period will be computed on the basis of a
360-day year of twelve 30-day months. The amount of interest payable for any period shorter than a full semi-annual interest period for which interest is computed will
be computed on the basis of 30-day months and, for periods of less than a month, the actual number of days elapsed per 30-day month. 

The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid
to the Person in whose name this Debt Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date (whether or not a Business Day) for such interest. Any such interest not so punctually paid or
duly provided for will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Debt Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on a
Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice whereof shall be given to Holders of Debt Securities of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or be paid at any
time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Debt Securities of this series may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in such
Indenture. 

Business Day means any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is not a day
on which banking institutions in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York or London or Tokyo are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close and that is a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross
Settlement Express Transfer System (the TARGET system), or any successor or replacement for that system, operates. 

Regular Record
Date means, with respect to any Interest Payment Date, the April 1 and October 1 (whether or not a Business Day) or, if this Debt Security is represented by one or more Global Securities, the close of business on the business day
(for this purpose a day on which Clearstream and Euroclear are open for business), in each case, immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date. 

Payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on this Debt Security will be made at the office or agency of the Company
maintained for that purpose in the City of London, England, which shall be initially the corporate trust office of The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, located at 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA; provided, however, that at
the option of the Company payments of principal, premium or interest may be made by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register, subject to surrender at such office or agency, in
the case of payments of principal or premium. 

All payments on this Debt Security will be made in yen; provided, that if on or
after April 17, 2025, the yen is unavailable to the Company due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the Companys control, then all payments in respect of this Debt Security will be made in U.S. dollars
until the yen is again available to the Company or so used. The amount payable on any date in yen will be converted into U.S. dollars at the rate mandated by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board as of the close of business on the second Business Day prior
to the relevant payment date or, in the event the U.S. Federal Reserve Board has not mandated a rate of conversion, on the basis of the then most recent U.S. dollar/yen exchange rate published in The Wall Street Journal on or prior to the second
Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the Wall Street Journal has not published such exchange rate, the rate will be determined in the Companys sole discretion on the basis of the most recently available market
exchange rate for yen. Any payment in respect of this Debt Security so made in U.S. dollars will not constitute an Event of Default with respect to the Debt Securities of this series or under the Indenture governing the Debt Securities. Neither the
Trustee nor the Paying Agent shall have any responsibility for any calculation or conversion in connection with the foregoing. 

yen and means the lawful currency of Japan. 

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Debt Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for
all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the
Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual or electronic signature, this Debt Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed. 

Dated: April 17, 2025 BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC.

By: 

Name: Marc D. Hamburg

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Attest:

Name: Cara A. Lazure

Title: Assistant Secretary

[REVERSE OF DEBT SECURITY] 

This Debt Security is one of a duly authorized series of notes of the Company (herein called the Debt Securities), issued and to
be issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of January 31, 2025 (herein called the Base Indenture, and as supplemented by the Officers Certificate dated April 17, 2025 with respect to this Debt Security,
together with the Base Indenture, called the Indenture), among the Company, as issuer, Berkshire Hathaway Finance Corporation, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (herein called the Trustee, which
term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), and reference is hereby made to the Indenture for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of
the Debt Securities and of the terms upon which the Debt Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Debt Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially limited in aggregate principal amount to
19,500,000,000. The Company may at any time issue additional securities under the Indenture in unlimited amounts having the same terms as the Debt Securities of a series, provided that no additional securities of a series may be issued if at
the time of issuance an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to such series of securities. 

This Debt Security
does not have the benefit of any sinking fund obligation. 

If, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws (or any regulations
or rulings promulgated under the laws) of the United States (or any political subdivision of or taxing authority in the United States), or any change in, or amendment to, an official position regarding the application or interpretation of such laws,
regulations or rulings (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States), which change or amendment is announced or becomes effective on or after April 11, 2025, the Company becomes or, based upon a written opinion
of independent counsel selected by the Company, there is a substantial probability that the Company will become, obligated to pay additional amounts as described under the heading Payment of Additional Amounts, below, with respect to the
Debt Securities of this series, then the Company may at any time at its option redeem the Debt Securities of this series, in whole but not in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of their principal amount, together with accrued and unpaid
interest on the Debt Securities being redeemed to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 

The Company must give the Holders of
this Debt Security notice, as provided in the Indenture, of any redemption of this Debt Security not less than 10 days or more than 60 days before the date fixed for redemption. If the Company elects to redeem fewer than all the Debt Securities of
this series, the Trustee will select the particular Debt Securities of this series to be redeemed by such method that the Trustee deems fair and appropriate; provided, that if the Debt Securities of this series are represented by one or more
Global Securities, beneficial interests therein shall be selected for redemption by Clearstream and Euroclear in accordance with their respective applicable procedures therefor; providedfurther, that no Debt Securities of this series
of a principal amount of 100,000,000 or less shall be redeemed in part. 

In the event of redemption of this Debt Security in part
only, a new Debt Security or Debt Securities of this series and of like tenor for the unredeemed portion hereof will be issued in the name of the Holder hereof upon the cancellation hereof. 

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any time of the entire Indebtedness of this Debt Security or of certain restrictive
covenants and Events of Default with respect to this Debt Security, in each case upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture. 

If an Event of Default with respect to the Debt Securities of this series shall occur and be
continuing, the principal of the Debt Securities of this series may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Debt Securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the
Debt Securities at the time Outstanding of each series to be affected (voting together as a single class). The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in principal amount of the Debt Securities of each
series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Debt Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any
such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Debt Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Debt Security and of any Debt Security issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange
herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Debt Security. 

As provided in and subject
to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder of this Debt Security shall not have the right to institute any proceeding with respect to the Indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or for any other remedy thereunder, unless such
Holder shall have previously given the Trustee written notice of a continuing Event of Default with respect to the Debt Securities of this series, the Holders of at least 33% in principal amount of the Debt Securities of this series at the time
Outstanding shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default as Trustee and offered the Trustee indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it, and the Trustee shall not have received
from the Holders of a majority in principal amount of Debt Securities of this series at the time Outstanding a direction inconsistent with such request, and shall have failed to institute any such proceeding, for 60 days after receipt of such
notice, request and offer of indemnity. The foregoing shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Holder of this Debt Security for the enforcement of any payment of principal hereof or any premium or interest hereon on or after the respective due
dates expressed herein. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Debt Security or of the Indenture shall alter or
impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and any interest on this Debt Security at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Debt Security is registrable in the
Security Register, upon surrender of this Debt Security for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company in any place where the principal of and any premium and interest on this Debt Security are payable, duly endorsed by, or
accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or the Holders attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Debt
Securities of this series and of like tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. 

The Indenture and this Debt Security are governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of laws provisions
thereof. 

The Debt Securities of this series are issuable in registered form without coupons in
minimum denominations of 100,000,000 and integral multiples of 10,000,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Debt Securities of this series are exchangeable for a like
aggregate principal amount of Debt Securities of this series and of like tenor of a different authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

No service charge shall be made to a Holder for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum
sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

Prior to due presentment of this Debt Security
for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent thereof may treat the Person in whose name this Debt Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Debt Security be overdue, and none of the
Company, the Trustee or any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

Except in the limited circumstances described in
Section 3.05 of the Indenture, the Debt Securities of this series shall be issued in the form of one or more Global Securities and a common depositary for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream shall be the Depositary for such Global
Security or Securities. 

All terms used in this Debt Security which are not defined herein and are defined in the Indenture shall have the
meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

Payment of Additional Amounts 

All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Debt Securities of this series shall be made free and clear of, and without deduction
or withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges of whatsoever nature required to be deducted or withheld by the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority of or
in the United States, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law or the official interpretation or administration thereof. 

In the event any withholding or deduction on payments in respect of the Debt Securities of this series for or on account of any present or
future tax, assessment or other governmental charge is required to be deducted or withheld by the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, the Company shall pay such additional amounts on the Debt Securities
of this series as will result in receipt by each beneficial owner of such Debt Security that is not a U.S. Person (as defined below) of such amounts (after all such withholding or deduction, including on any additional amounts) as would have been
received by such beneficial owner had no such withholding or deduction been required. The Company will not be required, however, to make any payment of additional amounts for or on account of: 

(a) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for (1) the
existence of any present or former connection (other than a connection arising solely from the ownership of those Debt Securities or the receipt of payments in respect of those Debt Securities) between a Holder of a Debt Security of this series (or
the beneficial owner for whose benefit such Holder holds such Debt Security), or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary of, member or shareholder of, or possessor of a power over, that Holder or beneficial owner (if that Holder or beneficial
owner is an estate, trust, partnership or corporation) and the United States, including that Holder or beneficial owner, or that fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member, shareholder or possessor, being or having been a citizen or resident or treated
as a resident of the United States or being or having been engaged in trade or business or present in the United States or having had a permanent establishment in the United States or (2) the presentation of a Debt Security of this series for
payment on a date more than 30 days after the later of the date on which that payment becomes due and payable and the date on which payment is duly provided for; 

(b) 

any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, capital gains, excise, personal property, wealth or similar
tax, assessment or other governmental charge; 

(c) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by reason of the beneficial owners past or
present status as a passive foreign investment company, a controlled foreign corporation, a foreign tax exempt organization or a personal holding company with respect to the United States or as a corporation that accumulates earnings to avoid U.S.
federal income tax; 

(d) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which is payable by any method other than withholding or
deducting from payment of principal of or premium, if any, or interest on the Debt Securities of this series; 

(e) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be withheld by any Paying Agent from any payment
of principal of and premium, if any, or interest on any Debt Security of this series if that payment can be made without withholding by any other Paying Agent; 

(f) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which would not have been imposed but for the failure of a
beneficial owner or any Holder of Debt Securities of this series to comply with the Companys request or a request of the Companys agent to satisfy certification, information, documentation or other reporting requirements concerning the
nationality, residence, identity or connections with the United States of the beneficial owner or any Holder of the Debt Securities of this series that such beneficial owner or Holder is legally able to deliver (including, but not limited to, the
requirement to provide an applicable Internal Revenue Service Form W-8, or any subsequent versions thereof or successor thereto, and including, without limitation, any documentation requirement under an
applicable income tax treaty); 

(g) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed on interest received by (1) a 10-percent shareholder (as defined in Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and the U.S. Treasury regulations that may be promulgated thereunder) of
the Company, (2) a controlled foreign corporation that is related to the Company within the meaning of Section 864(d)(4) of the Code or (3) a bank receiving interest described in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, to the extent
such tax, assessment or other governmental charge would not have been imposed but for the beneficial owners status as described in clauses (1) through (3) of this item (g); 

(h) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be withheld or deducted under Sections 1471
through 1474 of the Code (or any amended or successor version of such Sections) (FATCA), any regulations or other guidance thereunder, or any agreement (including any intergovernmental agreement) entered into in connection therewith; or
any law, regulation or other official guidance enacted in any jurisdiction implementing FATCA or an intergovernmental agreement in respect of FATCA; or 

(i) 

any combination of items (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g) and (h); 

nor will the Company pay any additional amounts to any beneficial owner or Holder of Debt Securities of this series who is a fiduciary or partnership
(including any entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) to the extent that a beneficiary or settlor with respect to that fiduciary or a member of that partnership or a beneficial owner thereof would not have been
entitled to the payment of those additional amounts had that beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner been the beneficial owner of those Debt Securities. 

U.S. Person means any individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States for 

U.S. federal income tax purposes, a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organized in or
under the laws of the United States, any state of the United States or the District of Columbia (other than a partnership that is not treated as a United States person under any applicable U.S. Treasury regulations), or any estate or trust the
income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source. 

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN GLOBAL SECURITY

The following increases or decreases in this Debt Security have been made: 

Date of exchange Amount of decrease in

principal amount of

this Debt Security Amount of increase in

principal amount of this

Debt Security Principal amount of this

Debt Security following

such decrease or increase Signature of authorized

signatory of Trustee or

Security Custodian

ASSIGNMENT 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned assigns and transfers this Debt Security to: 

(Insert assignees social security or tax identification number) 

-

(Insert address and zip code of assignee) 

and irrevocably appoints _______ as agent to transfer this Debt Security on the Security Register. The agent may substitute another to act for
him or her. 

Dated: Signature:

Signature Guarantee: 

(Sign
exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Debt Security) 

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution
meeting the requirements of the Security Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be
determined by the Security Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d934563dex44.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.4
<TEXT>
EX-4.4

Exhibit 4.4 

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. 

OFFICERS CERTIFICATE 

ESTABLISHING THE TERMS OF 1.797% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2032 

April 17, 2025 

The
undersigned, Marc D. Hamburg and Cara A. Lazure, do hereby certify pursuant to Section 3.01 of that certain Indenture, dated as of January 31, 2025 (the Indenture), among Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (the
Company), Berkshire Hathaway Finance Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, that: 

1. They are (i) the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and (ii) the Assistant Secretary, respectively, of the
Company. 

2. As such officers, they are authorized to execute and deliver this Officers Certificate on behalf of the Company. 

3. Attached hereto as Annex A is a true and correct copy of a specimen note representing the Companys 1.797%Senior Notes
due 2032 (the Notes). 

4. The Notes are a separate series of Securities under the Indenture. The terms of the Notes set
forth in the form of Notes attached hereto as Annex A are incorporated herein by reference. 

5. The title of the Notes shall be the
1.797% Senior Notes due 2032. The Notes will be the Companys unsecured senior obligations, will rank pari passuin right of payment with all of the Companys unsubordinated, unsecured indebtedness and will be senior in
right of payment to all of the Companys subordinated indebtedness. 

6. The Company will initially issue 3,500,000,000 aggregate
principal amount of Notes. The Company may issue additional Notes from time to time after the date hereof, and such Notes will be treated as part of the same series of Notes for all purposes under the Indenture. 

7. The principal amount of the Notes will mature on April 16, 2032. 

8. The Notes are issuable in minimum denominations of 100,000,000 and integral multiples of 10,000,000 in excess thereof. 

9. Interest on the Notes for any full semi-annual interest period will be computed on the basis of a
360-day year of twelve 30-day months. The amount of interest payable for any period shorter than a full semi-annual interest period for which interest is computed will
be computed on the basis of 30-day months and, for periods of less than a month, the actual number of days elapsed per 30-day month. 

- 1 - 

10. The Notes will bear interest from April 17, 2025 at the rate of 1.797% per annum,
payable on each April 15 and October 15, commencing on October 15, 2025, to the holders of record of the Notes at the close of business on the preceding April 1 and October 1 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may
be, immediately preceding such April 15 or October 15, or if the Notes are represented by one or more global securities, the close of business on the business day (for this purpose a day on which Euroclear Bank S.A/N.V.
(Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, socit anonyme (Clearstream)are open for business) immediately preceding the interest payment date. 

11. Payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the Notes will be made at the office or agency of the Company maintained
for that purpose in The City of London, England, which shall be initially the corporate trust office of The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, located at 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA; provided, however, that at the
option of the Company payments of principal, premium or interest may be made by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register, subject to surrender at such office or agency, in the
case of payments of principal or premium. 

12. All payments of interest and principal on the Notes, including payments made upon any
redemption of the Notes, will be made in yen. If the yen is unavailable to the Company due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the Companys control, then all payments in respect of the Notes will be made in
United States dollars until the yen is again available to the Company or so used. The amount payable on any date in yen will be converted into U.S. dollars at the rate mandated by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board as of the close of business on the
second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the U.S. Federal Reserve Board has not mandated a rate of conversion, on the basis of the most recent U.S. dollar/yen exchange rate published in The Wall Street Journal on or
prior to the second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the Wall Street Journal has not published such exchange rate, the rate will be determined in the Companys sole discretion on the basis of the most recently
available market exchange rate for yen (in each case, the Market Exchange Rate). The Market Exchange Rate most recently available on, or prior to, the second Business Day before the relevant determination date will be the basis
for determining the equivalent of yen in the currency of the United States of America for any purpose under the Indenture, including for purposes of the definition of Outstanding in Section 1.01 of the Indenture. Any payment in
respect of the Notes so made in U.S. dollars will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or the Indenture. Neither the Trustee nor the Paying Agent shall have any responsibility for any calculation or conversion in connection with the
foregoing. 

13. The Notes will initially be issued in the form of one or more Global Securities and registered in the name of the nominee
of the common depositary for the accounts of Clearstream and Euroclear. The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch shall initially serve as the Depositary for such Global Securities. 

14. The Paying Agent for the Notes will be The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon notice to the
Trustee, the Company may change the Paying Agent. 

15. The Notes shall be defeasible in whole or in part pursuant to the terms of the
Indenture, including, without limitation, Section 13.02 and Section 13.03 of the Indenture. 

- 2 - 

16. The Company will be obligated to pay additional amounts on the Notes as described under
the heading Payment of Additional Amounts in the form of the Notes incorporated herein by reference (such amounts, the Additional Amounts). 

At least 10 days prior to the first Interest Payment Date and at least 10 days prior to each date of payment of principal or interest on the
Notes if there has been a change with respect to the matters set forth in the below-mentioned Officers Certificate last delivered to the Trustee and the principal Paying Agent, if other than the Trustee, the Company shall furnish to the
Trustee and the principal Paying Agent, if other than the Trustee, an Officers Certificate instructing the Trustee and such Paying Agent whether such payment of principal or interest on the Notes shall be made to Holders without withholding or
deduction for or on account of any taxes described under the heading Payment of Additional Amounts in the form of the Notes incorporated herein by reference. If any such withholding or deduction shall be required, then such
Officers Certificate shall specify by country the amount, if any, required to be withheld or deducted on such payments to such Holders and shall certify the fact that Additional Amounts will be payable and the amounts so payable to each
Holder, and the Company shall pay to the Trustee or such Paying Agent such Additional Amounts required to be paid under the Notes. 

Whenever in the Notes there is mentioned, in any context, the payment of the principal of or any premium, interest or any other amounts on, or
in respect of, the Notes, such mention shall be deemed to include mention of the payment of Additional Amounts to the extent that, in such context, Additional Amounts are, were or would be payable in respect thereof pursuant to the terms hereof, and
express mention of the payment of Additional Amounts in any provision of the Notes shall not be construed as excluding the payment of Additional Amounts in those provisions thereof where such express mention is not made. 

17. The Notes may be redeemed in whole or in part pursuant to the terms set forth in the form of the Notes incorporated herein by reference.
The Company shall give the Trustee notice of the redemption price promptly after the calculation thereof and the Trustee shall have no responsibility for such calculation. Prior to the giving of any notice of redemption with respect to a redemption
arising from the payment of Additional Amounts, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate to the effect that all conditions precedent provided for in the Indenture to such redemption have been complied with. 

18. The Notes and the authentication pages to the Notes may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. The Trustee may authenticate the Notes by manual, facsimile or electronic signature. Electronically imaged signatures such as .pdf files, faxed signatures or other electronic
signatures to the Notes and the authentication pages to the Notes shall have the same effect as original signatures. 

All capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given such terms in the Indenture. 

[Remainder of page intentionally
left blank.] 

- 3 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Officers Certificate has been executed by the undersigned as
of the date first written above. 

/s/ Marc D. Hamburg

Name: Marc D. Hamburg

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

/s/ Cara A. Lazure

Name: Cara A. Lazure

Title: Assistant Secretary

[BRK Officers Certificate Establishing Terms of 1.797% Senior Notes due 2032 (JPY)] 

ANNEX A 

SPECIMENOF NOTE

1.797% Senior Notes due 2032 

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the
Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A. as Trustee,

By: 

Name:

Title:

Dated: April 17, 2025 

THIS DEBT SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS
REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS DEBT SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR A SECURITY REGISTERED, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS DEBT SECURITY IN WHOLE OR IN PART MAY BE REGISTERED, IN THE NAME OF ANY
PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF, EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE. 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS
PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF EUROCLEAR BANK, S.A./N.V., AS OPERATOR OF THE EUROCLEAR SYSTEM (EUROCLEAR), AND CLEARSTREAM BANKING, SOCIT ANONYME, LUXEMBOURG (CLEARSTREAM AND, TOGETHER WITH
EUROCLEAR, EUROCLEAR/CLEARSTREAM), TO BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OR TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE BANK OF NEW YORK DEPOSITORY (NOMINEES) LIMITED OR
IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF EUROCLEAR/CLEARSTREAM (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO THE BANK OF NEW YORK DEPOSITORY (NOMINEES) LIMITED OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF
EUROCLEAR/CLEARSTREAM), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, THE BANK OF NEW YORK DEPOSITORY (NOMINEES) LIMITED, HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. 

************************** 

1.797% Senior Notes due 2032 

CUSIP: 084670 EU8 

ISIN: XS3043426769 

COMMON CODE: 304342676 

No. 1 3,500,000,000

(as revised by the Schedule of Increases and

Decreases in Global Security attached hereto)

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware
(herein called the Company, which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to The Bank of New York Depository (Nominees) Limited, the registered Holder
hereof, as nominee of The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as common depositary for Euroclear Bank, S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, socit anonyme (Clearstream), the principal sum of
Three Billion Five Hundred Million Yen (3,500,000,000) (as revised by the Schedule of Increases and Decreases in Global Security attached hereto) on April 16, 2032, and to pay interest thereon from and including
April 17, 2025 or from and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (as defined below) to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 in each year, commencing October 15,
2025 (each an Interest Payment Date), at the rate of 1.797% per annum (as adjusted, if at all, pursuant to such Indenture, the Interest Rate), until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment; provided
that any principal, and any such installment of interest, which is overdue shall bear interest at the Interest Rate (to the extent that the payment of such interest shall be legally enforceable), from the dates such amounts are due until they are
paid or made available for payment, and such interest shall be payable on demand. Interest on the Debt Securities of this series for any full semi-annual interest period will be computed on the basis of a
360-day year of twelve 30-day months. The amount of interest payable for any period shorter than a full semi-annual interest period for which interest is computed will
be computed on the basis of 30-day months and, for periods of less than a month, the actual number of days elapsed per 30-day month. 

The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid
to the Person in whose name this Debt Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date (whether or not a Business Day) for such interest. Any such interest not so punctually paid or
duly provided for will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Debt Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on a
Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice whereof shall be given to Holders of Debt Securities of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or be paid at any
time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Debt Securities of this series may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in such
Indenture. 

Business Day means any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is not a day
on which banking institutions in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York or London or Tokyo are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close and that is a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross
Settlement Express Transfer System (the TARGET system), or any successor or replacement for that system, operates. 

Regular Record
Date means, with respect to any Interest Payment Date, the April 1 and October 1 (whether or not a Business Day) or, if this Debt Security is represented by one or more Global Securities, the close of business on the business day
(for this purpose a day on which Clearstream and Euroclear are open for business), in each case, immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date. 

Payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on this Debt Security will be made at the office or agency of the Company
maintained for that purpose in the City of London, England, which shall be initially the corporate trust office of The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, located at 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA; provided, however, that at
the option of the Company payments of principal, premium or interest may be made by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register, subject to surrender at such office or agency, in
the case of payments of principal or premium. 

All payments on this Debt Security will be made in yen; provided, that if on or
after April 17, 2025, the yen is unavailable to the Company due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the Companys control, then all payments in respect of this Debt Security will be made in U.S. dollars
until the yen is again available to the Company or so used. The amount payable on any date in yen will be converted into U.S. dollars at the rate mandated by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board as of the close of business on the second Business Day prior
to the relevant payment date or, in the event the U.S. Federal Reserve Board has not mandated a rate of conversion, on the basis of the then most recent U.S. dollar/yen exchange rate published in The Wall Street Journal on or prior to the second
Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the Wall Street Journal has not published such exchange rate, the rate will be determined in the Companys sole discretion on the basis of the most recently available market
exchange rate for yen. Any payment in respect of this Debt Security so made in U.S. dollars will not constitute an Event of Default with respect to the Debt Securities of this series or under the Indenture governing the Debt Securities. Neither the
Trustee nor the Paying Agent shall have any responsibility for any calculation or conversion in connection with the foregoing. 

yen and means the lawful currency of Japan. 

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Debt Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for
all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the
Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual or electronic signature, this Debt Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed. 

Dated: April 17, 2025 BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC.

By: 

Name: Marc D. Hamburg

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Attest: 

Name: Cara A. Lazure

Title: Assistant Secretary

[REVERSE OF DEBT SECURITY] 

This Debt Security is one of a duly authorized series of notes of the Company (herein called the Debt Securities), issued and to
be issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of January 31, 2025 (herein called the Base Indenture, and as supplemented by the Officers Certificate dated April 17, 2025 with respect to this Debt Security,
together with the Base Indenture, called the Indenture), among the Company, as issuer, Berkshire Hathaway Finance Corporation, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (herein called the Trustee, which
term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), and reference is hereby made to the Indenture for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of
the Debt Securities and of the terms upon which the Debt Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Debt Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially limited in aggregate principal amount to
3,500,000,000. The Company may at any time issue additional securities under the Indenture in unlimited amounts having the same terms as the Debt Securities of a series, provided that no additional securities of a series may be issued if at the
time of issuance an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to such series of securities. 

This Debt Security does
not have the benefit of any sinking fund obligation. 

If, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws (or any regulations or
rulings promulgated under the laws) of the United States (or any political subdivision of or taxing authority in the United States), or any change in, or amendment to, an official position regarding the application or interpretation of such laws,
regulations or rulings (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States), which change or amendment is announced or becomes effective on or after April 11, 2025, the Company becomes or, based upon a written opinion
of independent counsel selected by the Company, there is a substantial probability that the Company will become, obligated to pay additional amounts as described under the heading Payment of Additional Amounts, below, with respect to the
Debt Securities of this series, then the Company may at any time at its option redeem the Debt Securities of this series, in whole but not in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of their principal amount, together with accrued and unpaid
interest on the Debt Securities being redeemed to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 

The Company must give the Holders of
this Debt Security notice, as provided in the Indenture, of any redemption of this Debt Security not less than 10 days or more than 60 days before the date fixed for redemption. If the Company elects to redeem fewer than all the Debt Securities of
this series, the Trustee will select the particular Debt Securities of this series to be redeemed by such method that the Trustee deems fair and appropriate; provided, that if the Debt Securities of this series are represented by one or more
Global Securities, beneficial interests therein shall be selected for redemption by Clearstream and Euroclear in accordance with their respective applicable procedures therefor; providedfurther, that no Debt Securities of this series
of a principal amount of 100,000,000 or less shall be redeemed in part. 

In the event of redemption of this Debt Security in part
only, a new Debt Security or Debt Securities of this series and of like tenor for the unredeemed portion hereof will be issued in the name of the Holder hereof upon the cancellation hereof. 

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any time of the entire Indebtedness of this Debt Security or of certain restrictive
covenants and Events of Default with respect to this Debt Security, in each case upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture. 

If an Event of Default with respect to the Debt Securities of this series shall occur and be
continuing, the principal of the Debt Securities of this series may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Debt Securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the
Debt Securities at the time Outstanding of each series to be affected (voting together as a single class). The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in principal amount of the Debt Securities of each
series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Debt Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any
such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Debt Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Debt Security and of any Debt Security issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange
herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Debt Security. 

As provided in and subject
to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder of this Debt Security shall not have the right to institute any proceeding with respect to the Indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or for any other remedy thereunder, unless such
Holder shall have previously given the Trustee written notice of a continuing Event of Default with respect to the Debt Securities of this series, the Holders of at least 33% in principal amount of the Debt Securities of this series at the time
Outstanding shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default as Trustee and offered the Trustee indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it, and the Trustee shall not have received
from the Holders of a majority in principal amount of Debt Securities of this series at the time Outstanding a direction inconsistent with such request, and shall have failed to institute any such proceeding, for 60 days after receipt of such
notice, request and offer of indemnity. The foregoing shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Holder of this Debt Security for the enforcement of any payment of principal hereof or any premium or interest hereon on or after the respective due
dates expressed herein. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Debt Security or of the Indenture shall alter or
impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and any interest on this Debt Security at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Debt Security is registrable in the
Security Register, upon surrender of this Debt Security for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company in any place where the principal of and any premium and interest on this Debt Security are payable, duly endorsed by, or
accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or the Holders attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Debt
Securities of this series and of like tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. 

The Indenture and this Debt Security are governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of laws provisions
thereof. 

The Debt Securities of this series are issuable in registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of 100,000,000
and integral multiples of 10,000,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Debt Securities of this series are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Debt Securities
of this series and of like tenor of a different authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

No service charge shall be made to a Holder for any such registration of transfer or
exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

Prior to due presentment of this Debt Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent thereof may treat the
Person in whose name this Debt Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Debt Security be overdue, and none of the Company, the Trustee or any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

Except in the limited circumstances described in Section 3.05 of the Indenture, the Debt Securities of this series shall be issued in the
form of one or more Global Securities and a common depositary for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream shall be the Depositary for such Global Security or Securities. 

All terms used in this Debt Security which are not defined herein and are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in
the Indenture. 

Payment of Additional Amounts 

All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Debt Securities of this series shall be made free and clear of, and without deduction
or withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges of whatsoever nature required to be deducted or withheld by the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority of or
in the United States, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law or the official interpretation or administration thereof. 

In the event any withholding or deduction on payments in respect of the Debt Securities of this series for or on account of any present or
future tax, assessment or other governmental charge is required to be deducted or withheld by the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, the Company shall pay such additional amounts on the Debt Securities
of this series as will result in receipt by each beneficial owner of such Debt Security that is not a U.S. Person (as defined below) of such amounts (after all such withholding or deduction, including on any additional amounts) as would have been
received by such beneficial owner had no such withholding or deduction been required. The Company will not be required, however, to make any payment of additional amounts for or on account of: 

(a) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for (1) the
existence of any present or former connection (other than a connection arising solely from the ownership of those Debt Securities or the receipt of payments in respect of those Debt Securities) between a Holder of a Debt Security of this series (or
the beneficial owner for whose benefit such Holder holds such Debt Security), or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary of, member or shareholder of, or possessor of a power over, that Holder or beneficial owner (if that Holder or beneficial
owner is an estate, trust, partnership or corporation) and the United States, including that Holder or beneficial owner, or that fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member, shareholder or possessor, being or having been a citizen or resident or treated
as a resident of the United States or being or having been engaged in trade or business or present in the United States or having had a permanent establishment in the United States or (2) the presentation of a Debt Security of this series for
payment on a date more than 30 days after the later of the date on which that payment becomes due and payable and the date on which payment is duly provided for; 

(b) 

any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, capital gains, excise, personal property, wealth or similar
tax, assessment or other governmental charge; 

(c) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by reason of the beneficial owners past or
present status as a passive foreign investment company, a controlled foreign corporation, a foreign tax exempt organization or a personal holding company with respect to the United States or as a corporation that accumulates earnings to avoid U.S.
federal income tax; 

(d) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which is payable by any method other than withholding or
deducting from payment of principal of or premium, if any, or interest on the Debt Securities of this series; 

(e) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be withheld by any Paying Agent from any payment
of principal of and premium, if any, or interest on any Debt Security of this series if that payment can be made without withholding by any other Paying Agent; 

(f) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which would not have been imposed but for the failure of a
beneficial owner or any Holder of Debt Securities of this series to comply with the Companys request or a request of the Companys agent to satisfy certification, information, documentation or other reporting requirements concerning the
nationality, residence, identity or connections with the United States of the beneficial owner or any Holder of the Debt Securities of this series that such beneficial owner or Holder is legally able to deliver (including, but not limited to, the
requirement to provide an applicable Internal Revenue Service Form W-8, or any subsequent versions thereof or successor thereto, and including, without limitation, any documentation requirement under an
applicable income tax treaty); 

(g) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed on interest received by (1) a 10-percent shareholder (as defined in Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and the U.S. Treasury regulations that may be promulgated thereunder) of
the Company, (2) a controlled foreign corporation that is related to the Company within the meaning of Section 864(d)(4) of the Code or (3) a bank receiving interest described in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, to the extent
such tax, assessment or other governmental charge would not have been imposed but for the beneficial owners status as described in clauses (1) through (3) of this item (g); 

(h) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be withheld or deducted under Sections 1471
through 1474 of the Code (or any amended or successor version of such Sections) (FATCA), any regulations or other guidance thereunder, or any agreement (including any intergovernmental agreement) entered into in connection therewith; or
any law, regulation or other official guidance enacted in any jurisdiction implementing FATCA or an intergovernmental agreement in respect of FATCA; or 

(i) 

any combination of items (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g) and (h); 

nor will the Company pay any additional amounts to any beneficial owner or Holder of Debt Securities of this series who is a fiduciary or partnership
(including any entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) to the extent that a beneficiary or settlor with respect to that fiduciary or a member of that partnership or a beneficial owner thereof would not have been
entitled to the payment of those additional amounts had that beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner been the beneficial owner of those Debt Securities. 

U.S. Person means any individual who is a citizen or resident of the United
States for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state of the United States or the District of Columbia (other than a partnership that is not
treated as a United States person under any applicable U.S. Treasury regulations), or any estate or trust the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source. 

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN GLOBAL SECURITY

The following increases or decreases in this Debt Security have been made: 

Date of exchange 

Amount of decrease in

principal amount of this
Debt

Security 

Amount of increase in principal

amount of this Debt
Security 

Principal amount of this Debt

Security following
such

decrease or increase 

Signature of authorized

signatory of Trustee or
Security

Custodian

ASSIGNMENT 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned assigns and transfers this Debt Security to: 

(Insert assignees social security or tax identification number) 

-

(Insert address and zip code of assignee) 

and irrevocably appoints _______ as agent to transfer this Debt Security on the Security Register. The agent may substitute another to act for
him or her. 

Dated: 

Signature:

Signature Guarantee:

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Debt Security) 

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Security Registrar, which requirements include
membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Security Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all
in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.5
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>d934563dex45.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.5
<TEXT>
EX-4.5

Exhibit 4.5 

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. 

OFFICERS CERTIFICATE 

ESTABLISHING THE TERMS OF 2.090% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2035 

April 17, 2025 

The
undersigned, Marc D. Hamburg and Cara A. Lazure, do hereby certify pursuant to Section 3.01 of that certain Indenture, dated as of January 31, 2025 (the Indenture), among Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (the
Company), Berkshire Hathaway Finance Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, that: 

1. They are (i) the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and (ii) the Assistant Secretary, respectively, of the
Company. 

2. As such officers, they are authorized to execute and deliver this Officers Certificate on behalf of the Company. 

3. Attached hereto as Annex A is a true and correct copy of a specimen note representing the Companys 2.090%Senior Notes
due 2035 (the Notes). 

4. The Notes are a separate series of Securities under the Indenture. The terms of the Notes set
forth in the form of Notes attached hereto as Annex A are incorporated herein by reference. 

5. The title of the Notes shall be the
2.090% Senior Notes due 2035. The Notes will be the Companys unsecured senior obligations, will rank pari passuin right of payment with all of the Companys unsubordinated, unsecured indebtedness and will be senior in
right of payment to all of the Companys subordinated indebtedness. 

6. The Company will initially issue 9,100,000,000 aggregate
principal amount of Notes. The Company may issue additional Notes from time to time after the date hereof, and such Notes will be treated as part of the same series of Notes for all purposes under the Indenture. 

7. The principal amount of the Notes will mature on April 17, 2035. 

8. The Notes are issuable in minimum denominations of 100,000,000 and integral multiples of 10,000,000 in excess thereof. 

9. Interest on the Notes for any full semi-annual interest period will be computed on the basis of a
360-day year of twelve 30-day months. The amount of interest payable for any period shorter than a full semi-annual interest period for which interest is computed will
be computed on the basis of 30-day months and, for periods of less than a month, the actual number of days elapsed per 30-day month. 

- 1 - 

10. The Notes will bear interest from April 17, 2025 at the rate of 2.090% per annum,
payable on each April 15 and October 15, commencing on October 15, 2025, to the holders of record of the Notes at the close of business on the preceding April 1 and October 1 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may
be, immediately preceding such April 15 or October 15, or if the Notes are represented by one or more global securities, the close of business on the business day (for this purpose a day on which Euroclear Bank S.A/N.V.
(Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, socit anonyme (Clearstream)are open for business) immediately preceding the interest payment date. 

11. Payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the Notes will be made at the office or agency of the Company maintained
for that purpose in The City of London, England, which shall be initially the corporate trust office of The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, located at 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA; provided, however, that at the
option of the Company payments of principal, premium or interest may be made by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register, subject to surrender at such office or agency, in the
case of payments of principal or premium. 

12. All payments of interest and principal on the Notes, including payments made upon any
redemption of the Notes, will be made in yen. If the yen is unavailable to the Company due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the Companys control, then all payments in respect of the Notes will be made in
United States dollars until the yen is again available to the Company or so used. The amount payable on any date in yen will be converted into U.S. dollars at the rate mandated by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board as of the close of business on the
second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the U.S. Federal Reserve Board has not mandated a rate of conversion, on the basis of the most recent U.S. dollar/yen exchange rate published in The Wall Street Journal on or
prior to the second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the Wall Street Journal has not published such exchange rate, the rate will be determined in the Companys sole discretion on the basis of the most recently
available market exchange rate for yen (in each case, the Market Exchange Rate). The Market Exchange Rate most recently available on, or prior to, the second Business Day before the relevant determination date will be the basis
for determining the equivalent of yen in the currency of the United States of America for any purpose under the Indenture, including for purposes of the definition of Outstanding in Section 1.01 of the Indenture. Any payment in
respect of the Notes so made in U.S. dollars will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or the Indenture. Neither the Trustee nor the Paying Agent shall have any responsibility for any calculation or conversion in connection with the
foregoing. 

13. The Notes will initially be issued in the form of one or more Global Securities and registered in the name of the nominee
of the common depositary for the accounts of Clearstream and Euroclear. The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch shall initially serve as the Depositary for such Global Securities. 

14. The Paying Agent for the Notes will be The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon notice to the
Trustee, the Company may change the Paying Agent. 

15. The Notes shall be defeasible in whole or in part pursuant to the terms of the
Indenture, including, without limitation, Section 13.02 and Section 13.03 of the Indenture. 

- 2 - 

16. The Company will be obligated to pay additional amounts on the Notes as described under
the heading Payment of Additional Amounts in the form of the Notes incorporated herein by reference (such amounts, the Additional Amounts). 

At least 10 days prior to the first Interest Payment Date and at least 10 days prior to each date of payment of principal or interest on the
Notes if there has been a change with respect to the matters set forth in the below-mentioned Officers Certificate last delivered to the Trustee and the principal Paying Agent, if other than the Trustee, the Company shall furnish to the
Trustee and the principal Paying Agent, if other than the Trustee, an Officers Certificate instructing the Trustee and such Paying Agent whether such payment of principal or interest on the Notes shall be made to Holders without withholding or
deduction for or on account of any taxes described under the heading Payment of Additional Amounts in the form of the Notes incorporated herein by reference. If any such withholding or deduction shall be required, then such
Officers Certificate shall specify by country the amount, if any, required to be withheld or deducted on such payments to such Holders and shall certify the fact that Additional Amounts will be payable and the amounts so payable to each
Holder, and the Company shall pay to the Trustee or such Paying Agent such Additional Amounts required to be paid under the Notes. 

Whenever in the Notes there is mentioned, in any context, the payment of the principal of or any premium, interest or any other amounts on, or
in respect of, the Notes, such mention shall be deemed to include mention of the payment of Additional Amounts to the extent that, in such context, Additional Amounts are, were or would be payable in respect thereof pursuant to the terms hereof, and
express mention of the payment of Additional Amounts in any provision of the Notes shall not be construed as excluding the payment of Additional Amounts in those provisions thereof where such express mention is not made. 

17. The Notes may be redeemed in whole or in part pursuant to the terms set forth in the form of the Notes incorporated herein by reference.
The Company shall give the Trustee notice of the redemption price promptly after the calculation thereof and the Trustee shall have no responsibility for such calculation. Prior to the giving of any notice of redemption with respect to a redemption
arising from the payment of Additional Amounts, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate to the effect that all conditions precedent provided for in the Indenture to such redemption have been complied with. 

18. The Notes and the authentication pages to the Notes may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. The Trustee may authenticate the Notes by manual, facsimile or electronic signature. Electronically imaged signatures such as .pdf files, faxed signatures or other electronic
signatures to the Notes and the authentication pages to the Notes shall have the same effect as original signatures. 

All capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given such terms in the Indenture. 

[Remainder of page intentionally
left blank.] 

- 3 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Officers Certificate has been executed by the undersigned as
of the date first written above. 

/s/ Marc D. Hamburg

Name: Marc D. Hamburg

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

/s/ Cara A. Lazure

Name: Cara A. Lazure

Title: Assistant Secretary

[BRK Officers Certificate Establishing Terms of 2.090% Senior Notes due 2035 (JPY)] 

ANNEX A 

SPECIMENOF NOTE

2.090% Senior Notes due 2035 

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the
Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A. as Trustee,

By: 

Name:

Title:

Dated: April 17, 2025 

THIS DEBT SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS
REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS DEBT SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR A SECURITY REGISTERED, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS DEBT SECURITY IN WHOLE OR IN PART MAY BE REGISTERED, IN THE NAME OF ANY
PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF, EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE. 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS
PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF EUROCLEAR BANK, S.A./N.V., AS OPERATOR OF THE EUROCLEAR SYSTEM (EUROCLEAR), AND CLEARSTREAM BANKING, SOCIT ANONYME, LUXEMBOURG (CLEARSTREAM AND, TOGETHER WITH
EUROCLEAR, EUROCLEAR/CLEARSTREAM), TO BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OR TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE BANK OF NEW YORK DEPOSITORY (NOMINEES) LIMITED OR
IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF EUROCLEAR/CLEARSTREAM (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO THE BANK OF NEW YORK DEPOSITORY (NOMINEES) LIMITED OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF
EUROCLEAR/CLEARSTREAM), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, THE BANK OF NEW YORK DEPOSITORY (NOMINEES) LIMITED, HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. 

************************** 

2.090% Senior Notes due 2035 

CUSIP: 084670 EV6 

ISIN: XS3043427064 

COMMON CODE: 304342706 

No. 1 9,100,000,000

(as revised by the Schedule of Increases and

Decreases in Global Security attached hereto)

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware
(herein called the Company, which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to The Bank of New York Depository (Nominees) Limited, the registered Holder
hereof, as nominee of The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as common depositary for Euroclear Bank, S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, socit anonyme (Clearstream), the principal sum of
Nine Billion One Hundred Million Yen (9,100,000,000) (as revised by the Schedule of Increases and Decreases in Global Security attached hereto) on April 17, 2035, and to pay interest thereon from and including April 17,
2025 or from and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (as defined below) to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 in each year, commencing October 15, 2025 (each an
Interest Payment Date), at the rate of 2.090% per annum (as adjusted, if at all, pursuant to such Indenture, the Interest Rate), until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment; provided that any
principal, and any such installment of interest, which is overdue shall bear interest at the Interest Rate (to the extent that the payment of such interest shall be legally enforceable), from the dates such amounts are due until they are paid or
made available for payment, and such interest shall be payable on demand. Interest on the Debt Securities of this series for any full semi-annual interest period will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year
of twelve 30-day months. The amount of interest payable for any period shorter than a full semi-annual interest period for which interest is computed will be computed on the basis of 30-day months and, for periods of less than a month, the actual number of days elapsed per 30-day month. 

The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid
to the Person in whose name this Debt Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date (whether or not a Business Day) for such interest. Any such interest not so punctually paid or
duly provided for will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Debt Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on a
Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice whereof shall be given to Holders of Debt Securities of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or be paid at any
time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Debt Securities of this series may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in such
Indenture. 

Business Day means any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is not a day
on which banking institutions in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York or London or Tokyo are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close and that is a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross
Settlement Express Transfer System (the TARGET system), or any successor or replacement for that system, operates. 

Regular Record
Date means, with respect to any Interest Payment Date, the April 1 and October 1 (whether or not a Business Day) or, if this Debt Security is represented by one or more Global Securities, the close of business on the business day
(for this purpose a day on which Clearstream and Euroclear are open for business), in each case, immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date. 

Payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on this Debt Security will be made at the office or agency of the Company
maintained for that purpose in the City of London, England, which shall be initially the corporate trust office of The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, located at 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA; provided, however, that at
the option of the Company payments of principal, premium or interest may be made by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register, subject to surrender at such office or agency, in
the case of payments of principal or premium. 

All payments on this Debt Security will be made in yen; provided, that if on or
after April 17, 2025, the yen is unavailable to the Company due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the Companys control, then all payments in respect of this Debt Security will be made in U.S. dollars
until the yen is again available to the Company or so used. The amount payable on any date in yen will be converted into U.S. dollars at the rate mandated by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board as of the close of business on the second Business Day prior
to the relevant payment date or, in the event the U.S. Federal Reserve Board has not mandated a rate of conversion, on the basis of the then most recent U.S. dollar/yen exchange rate published in The Wall Street Journal on or prior to the second
Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the Wall Street Journal has not published such exchange rate, the rate will be determined in the Companys sole discretion on the basis of the most recently available market
exchange rate for yen. Any payment in respect of this Debt Security so made in U.S. dollars will not constitute an Event of Default with respect to the Debt Securities of this series or under the Indenture governing the Debt Securities. Neither the
Trustee nor the Paying Agent shall have any responsibility for any calculation or conversion in connection with the foregoing. 

yen and means the lawful currency of Japan. 

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Debt Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for
all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the
Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual or electronic signature, this Debt Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed. 

Dated: April 17, 2025 BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC.

By: 

Name: Marc D. Hamburg

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Attest: 

Name: Cara A. Lazure

Title: Assistant Secretary

[REVERSE OF DEBT SECURITY] 

This Debt Security is one of a duly authorized series of notes of the Company (herein called the Debt Securities), issued and to
be issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of January 31, 2025 (herein called the Base Indenture, and as supplemented by the Officers Certificate dated April 17, 2025 with respect to this Debt Security,
together with the Base Indenture, called the Indenture), among the Company, as issuer, Berkshire Hathaway Finance Corporation, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (herein called the Trustee, which
term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), and reference is hereby made to the Indenture for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of
the Debt Securities and of the terms upon which the Debt Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Debt Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially limited in aggregate principal amount to
9,100,000,000. The Company may at any time issue additional securities under the Indenture in unlimited amounts having the same terms as the Debt Securities of a series, provided that no additional securities of a series may be issued if at the
time of issuance an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to such series of securities. 

This Debt Security does
not have the benefit of any sinking fund obligation. 

If, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws (or any regulations or
rulings promulgated under the laws) of the United States (or any political subdivision of or taxing authority in the United States), or any change in, or amendment to, an official position regarding the application or interpretation of such laws,
regulations or rulings (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States), which change or amendment is announced or becomes effective on or after April 11, 2025, the Company becomes or, based upon a written opinion
of independent counsel selected by the Company, there is a substantial probability that the Company will become, obligated to pay additional amounts as described under the heading Payment of Additional Amounts, below, with respect to the
Debt Securities of this series, then the Company may at any time at its option redeem the Debt Securities of this series, in whole but not in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of their principal amount, together with accrued and unpaid
interest on the Debt Securities being redeemed to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 

The Company must give the Holders of
this Debt Security notice, as provided in the Indenture, of any redemption of this Debt Security not less than 10 days or more than 60 days before the date fixed for redemption. If the Company elects to redeem fewer than all the Debt Securities of
this series, the Trustee will select the particular Debt Securities of this series to be redeemed by such method that the Trustee deems fair and appropriate; provided, that if the Debt Securities of this series are represented by one or more
Global Securities, beneficial interests therein shall be selected for redemption by Clearstream and Euroclear in accordance with their respective applicable procedures therefor; providedfurther, that no Debt Securities of this series
of a principal amount of 100,000,000 or less shall be redeemed in part. 

In the event of redemption of this Debt Security in part
only, a new Debt Security or Debt Securities of this series and of like tenor for the unredeemed portion hereof will be issued in the name of the Holder hereof upon the cancellation hereof. 

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any time of the entire Indebtedness of this Debt Security or of certain restrictive
covenants and Events of Default with respect to this Debt Security, in each case upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture. 

If an Event of Default with respect to the Debt Securities of this series shall occur and be
continuing, the principal of the Debt Securities of this series may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Debt Securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the
Debt Securities at the time Outstanding of each series to be affected (voting together as a single class). The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in principal amount of the Debt Securities of each
series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Debt Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any
such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Debt Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Debt Security and of any Debt Security issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange
herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Debt Security. 

As provided in and subject
to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder of this Debt Security shall not have the right to institute any proceeding with respect to the Indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or for any other remedy thereunder, unless such
Holder shall have previously given the Trustee written notice of a continuing Event of Default with respect to the Debt Securities of this series, the Holders of at least 33% in principal amount of the Debt Securities of this series at the time
Outstanding shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default as Trustee and offered the Trustee indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it, and the Trustee shall not have received
from the Holders of a majority in principal amount of Debt Securities of this series at the time Outstanding a direction inconsistent with such request, and shall have failed to institute any such proceeding, for 60 days after receipt of such
notice, request and offer of indemnity. The foregoing shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Holder of this Debt Security for the enforcement of any payment of principal hereof or any premium or interest hereon on or after the respective due
dates expressed herein. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Debt Security or of the Indenture shall alter or
impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and any interest on this Debt Security at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Debt Security is registrable in the
Security Register, upon surrender of this Debt Security for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company in any place where the principal of and any premium and interest on this Debt Security are payable, duly endorsed by, or
accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or the Holders attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Debt
Securities of this series and of like tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. 

The Indenture and this Debt Security are governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of laws provisions
thereof. 

The Debt Securities of this series are issuable in registered form without coupons in
minimum denominations of 100,000,000 and integral multiples of 10,000,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Debt Securities of this series are exchangeable for a like
aggregate principal amount of Debt Securities of this series and of like tenor of a different authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

No service charge shall be made to a Holder for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum
sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

Prior to due presentment of this Debt Security
for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent thereof may treat the Person in whose name this Debt Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Debt Security be overdue, and none of the
Company, the Trustee or any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

Except in the limited circumstances described in
Section 3.05 of the Indenture, the Debt Securities of this series shall be issued in the form of one or more Global Securities and a common depositary for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream shall be the Depositary for such Global
Security or Securities. 

All terms used in this Debt Security which are not defined herein and are defined in the Indenture shall have the
meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

Payment of Additional Amounts 

All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Debt Securities of this series shall be made free and clear of, and without deduction
or withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges of whatsoever nature required to be deducted or withheld by the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority of or
in the United States, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law or the official interpretation or administration thereof. 

In the event any withholding or deduction on payments in respect of the Debt Securities of this series for or on account of any present or
future tax, assessment or other governmental charge is required to be deducted or withheld by the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, the Company shall pay such additional amounts on the Debt Securities
of this series as will result in receipt by each beneficial owner of such Debt Security that is not a U.S. Person (as defined below) of such amounts (after all such withholding or deduction, including on any additional amounts) as would have been
received by such beneficial owner had no such withholding or deduction been required. The Company will not be required, however, to make any payment of additional amounts for or on account of: 

(a) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for (1) the
existence of any present or former connection (other than a connection arising solely from the ownership of those Debt Securities or the receipt of payments in respect of those Debt Securities) between a Holder of a Debt Security of this series (or
the beneficial owner for whose benefit such Holder holds such Debt Security), or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary of, member or shareholder of, or possessor of a power over, that Holder or beneficial owner (if that Holder or beneficial
owner is an estate, trust, partnership or corporation) and the United States, including that Holder or beneficial owner, or that fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member, shareholder or possessor, being or having been a citizen or resident or treated
as a resident of the United States or being or having been engaged in trade or business or present in the United States or having had a permanent establishment in the United States or (2) the presentation of a Debt Security of this series for
payment on a date more than 30 days after the later of the date on which that payment becomes due and payable and the date on which payment is duly provided for; 

(b) 

any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, capital gains, excise, personal property, wealth or similar
tax, assessment or other governmental charge; 

(c) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by reason of the beneficial owners past or
present status as a passive foreign investment company, a controlled foreign corporation, a foreign tax exempt organization or a personal holding company with respect to the United States or as a corporation that accumulates earnings to avoid U.S.
federal income tax; 

(d) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which is payable by any method other than withholding or
deducting from payment of principal of or premium, if any, or interest on the Debt Securities of this series; 

(e) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be withheld by any Paying Agent from any payment
of principal of and premium, if any, or interest on any Debt Security of this series if that payment can be made without withholding by any other Paying Agent; 

(f) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which would not have been imposed but for the failure of a
beneficial owner or any Holder of Debt Securities of this series to comply with the Companys request or a request of the Companys agent to satisfy certification, information, documentation or other reporting requirements concerning the
nationality, residence, identity or connections with the United States of the beneficial owner or any Holder of the Debt Securities of this series that such beneficial owner or Holder is legally able to deliver (including, but not limited to, the
requirement to provide an applicable Internal Revenue Service Form W-8, or any subsequent versions thereof or successor thereto, and including, without limitation, any documentation requirement under an
applicable income tax treaty); 

(g) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed on interest received by (1) a 10-percent shareholder (as defined in Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and the U.S. Treasury regulations that may be promulgated thereunder) of
the Company, (2) a controlled foreign corporation that is related to the Company within the meaning of Section 864(d)(4) of the Code or (3) a bank receiving interest described in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, to the extent
such tax, assessment or other governmental charge would not have been imposed but for the beneficial owners status as described in clauses (1) through (3) of this item (g); 

(h) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be withheld or deducted under Sections 1471
through 1474 of the Code (or any amended or successor version of such Sections) (FATCA), any regulations or other guidance thereunder, or any agreement (including any intergovernmental agreement) entered into in connection therewith; or
any law, regulation or other official guidance enacted in any jurisdiction implementing FATCA or an intergovernmental agreement in respect of FATCA; or 

(i) 

any combination of items (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g) and (h); 

nor will the Company pay any additional amounts to any beneficial owner or Holder of Debt Securities of this series who is a fiduciary or partnership
(including any entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) to the extent that a beneficiary or settlor with respect to that fiduciary or a member of that partnership or a beneficial owner thereof would not have been
entitled to the payment of those additional amounts had that beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner been the beneficial owner of those Debt Securities. 

U.S. Person means any individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States for 

U.S. federal income tax purposes, a corporation, partnership or other entity created or
organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state of the United States or the District of Columbia (other than a partnership that is not treated as a United States person under any applicable U.S. Treasury regulations), or any estate or
trust the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source. 

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN GLOBAL SECURITY

The following increases or decreases in this Debt Security have been made: 

Date of exchange 

Amount of decrease in

principal amount of

this Debt Security 

Amount of increase in

principal amount of this

Debt
Security 

Principal amount of this

Debt Security following

such decrease
or increase 

Signature of authorized

signatory of Trustee or

Security Custodian

ASSIGNMENT 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned assigns and transfers this Debt Security to: 

(Insert assignees social security or tax identification number) 

-

(Insert address and zip code of assignee) 

and irrevocably appoints _______ as agent to transfer this Debt Security on the Security Register. The agent may substitute another to act for
him or her. 

Dated: 
Signature: 

Signature
Guarantee: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Debt Security) 

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Security Registrar, which requirements include
membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Security Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all
in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.6
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>d934563dex46.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.6
<TEXT>
EX-4.6

Exhibit 4.6 

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. 

OFFICERS CERTIFICATE 

ESTABLISHING THE TERMS OF 2.492% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2040 

April 17, 2025 

The
undersigned, Marc D. Hamburg and Cara A. Lazure, do hereby certify pursuant to Section 3.01 of that certain Indenture, dated as of January 31, 2025 (the Indenture), among Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (the
Company), Berkshire Hathaway Finance Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, that: 

1. They are (i) the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and (ii) the Assistant Secretary, respectively, of the Company.

2. As such officers, they are authorized to execute and deliver this Officers Certificate on behalf of the Company. 

3. Attached hereto as Annex A is a true and correct copy of a specimen note representing the Companys 2.492%Senior Notes
due 2040 (the Notes). 

4. The Notes are a separate series of Securities under the Indenture. The terms of the Notes set
forth in the form of Notes attached hereto as Annex A are incorporated herein by reference. 

5. The title of the Notes shall be the
2.492% Senior Notes due 2040. The Notes will be the Companys unsecured senior obligations, will rank pari passuin right of payment with all of the Companys unsubordinated, unsecured indebtedness and will be senior in
right of payment to all of the Companys subordinated indebtedness. 

6. The Company will initially issue 6,000,000,000 aggregate
principal amount of Notes. The Company may issue additional Notes from time to time after the date hereof, and such Notes will be treated as part of the same series of Notes for all purposes under the Indenture. 

7. The principal amount of the Notes will mature on April 17, 2040. 

8. The Notes are issuable in minimum denominations of 100,000,000 and integral multiples of 10,000,000 in excess thereof. 

9. Interest on the Notes for any full semi-annual interest period will be computed on the basis of a
360-day year of twelve 30-day months. The amount of interest payable for any period shorter than a full semi-annual interest period for which interest is computed will
be computed on the basis of 30-day months and, for periods of less than a month, the actual number of days elapsed per 30-day month. 

- 1 - 

10. The Notes will bear interest from April 17, 2025 at the rate of 2.492% per annum,
payable on each April 15 and October 15, commencing on October 15, 2025, to the holders of record of the Notes at the close of business on the preceding April 1 and October 1 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may
be, immediately preceding such April 15 or October 15, or if the Notes are represented by one or more global securities, the close of business on the business day (for this purpose a day on which Euroclear Bank S.A/N.V.
(Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, socit anonyme (Clearstream)are open for business) immediately preceding the interest payment date. 

11. Payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the Notes will be made at the office or agency of the Company maintained
for that purpose in The City of London, England, which shall be initially the corporate trust office of The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, located at 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA; provided, however, that at the
option of the Company payments of principal, premium or interest may be made by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register, subject to surrender at such office or agency, in the
case of payments of principal or premium. 

12. All payments of interest and principal on the Notes, including payments made upon any
redemption of the Notes, will be made in yen. If the yen is unavailable to the Company due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the Companys control, then all payments in respect of the Notes will be made in
United States dollars until the yen is again available to the Company or so used. The amount payable on any date in yen will be converted into U.S. dollars at the rate mandated by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board as of the close of business on the
second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the U.S. Federal Reserve Board has not mandated a rate of conversion, on the basis of the most recent U.S. dollar/yen exchange rate published in The Wall Street Journal on or
prior to the second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the Wall Street Journal has not published such exchange rate, the rate will be determined in the Companys sole discretion on the basis of the most recently
available market exchange rate for yen (in each case, the Market Exchange Rate). The Market Exchange Rate most recently available on, or prior to, the second Business Day before the relevant determination date will be the basis
for determining the equivalent of yen in the currency of the United States of America for any purpose under the Indenture, including for purposes of the definition of Outstanding in Section 1.01 of the Indenture. Any payment in
respect of the Notes so made in U.S. dollars will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or the Indenture. Neither the Trustee nor the Paying Agent shall have any responsibility for any calculation or conversion in connection with the
foregoing. 

13. The Notes will initially be issued in the form of one or more Global Securities and registered in the name of the nominee
of the common depositary for the accounts of Clearstream and Euroclear. The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch shall initially serve as the Depositary for such Global Securities. 

14. The Paying Agent for the Notes will be The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon notice to the
Trustee, the Company may change the Paying Agent. 

15. The Notes shall be defeasible in whole or in part pursuant to the terms of the
Indenture, including, without limitation, Section 13.02 and Section 13.03 of the Indenture. 

- 2 - 

16. The Company will be obligated to pay additional amounts on the Notes as described under
the heading Payment of Additional Amounts in the form of the Notes incorporated herein by reference (such amounts, the Additional Amounts). 

At least 10 days prior to the first Interest Payment Date and at least 10 days prior to each date of payment of principal or interest on the
Notes if there has been a change with respect to the matters set forth in the below-mentioned Officers Certificate last delivered to the Trustee and the principal Paying Agent, if other than the Trustee, the Company shall furnish to the
Trustee and the principal Paying Agent, if other than the Trustee, an Officers Certificate instructing the Trustee and such Paying Agent whether such payment of principal or interest on the Notes shall be made to Holders without withholding or
deduction for or on account of any taxes described under the heading Payment of Additional Amounts in the form of the Notes incorporated herein by reference. If any such withholding or deduction shall be required, then such
Officers Certificate shall specify by country the amount, if any, required to be withheld or deducted on such payments to such Holders and shall certify the fact that Additional Amounts will be payable and the amounts so payable to each
Holder, and the Company shall pay to the Trustee or such Paying Agent such Additional Amounts required to be paid under the Notes. 

Whenever in the Notes there is mentioned, in any context, the payment of the principal of or any premium, interest or any other amounts on, or
in respect of, the Notes, such mention shall be deemed to include mention of the payment of Additional Amounts to the extent that, in such context, Additional Amounts are, were or would be payable in respect thereof pursuant to the terms hereof, and
express mention of the payment of Additional Amounts in any provision of the Notes shall not be construed as excluding the payment of Additional Amounts in those provisions thereof where such express mention is not made. 

17. The Notes may be redeemed in whole or in part pursuant to the terms set forth in the form of the Notes incorporated herein by reference.
The Company shall give the Trustee notice of the redemption price promptly after the calculation thereof and the Trustee shall have no responsibility for such calculation. Prior to the giving of any notice of redemption with respect to a redemption
arising from the payment of Additional Amounts, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate to the effect that all conditions precedent provided for in the Indenture to such redemption have been complied with. 

18. The Notes and the authentication pages to the Notes may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. The Trustee may authenticate the Notes by manual, facsimile or electronic signature. Electronically imaged signatures such as .pdf files, faxed signatures or other electronic
signatures to the Notes and the authentication pages to the Notes shall have the same effect as original signatures. 

All capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given such terms in the Indenture. 

[Remainder of page intentionally
left blank.] 

- 3 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Officers Certificate has been executed by the undersigned as
of the date first written above. 

/s/ Marc D. Hamburg

Name: Marc D. Hamburg

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

/s/ Cara A. Lazure

Name: Cara A. Lazure

Title: Assistant Secretary

[BRK Officers Certificate Establishing Terms of 2.492% Senior Notes due 2040 (JPY)] 

ANNEX A 

SPECIMENOF NOTE

2.492% Senior Notes due 2040 

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the
Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

TRUST COMPANY, N.A. as Trustee,

By: 

Name:

Title:

Dated: April 17, 2025 

THIS DEBT SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS
REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS DEBT SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR A SECURITY REGISTERED, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS DEBT SECURITY IN WHOLE OR IN PART MAY BE REGISTERED, IN THE NAME OF ANY
PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF, EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE. 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS
PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF EUROCLEAR BANK, S.A./N.V., AS OPERATOR OF THE EUROCLEAR SYSTEM (EUROCLEAR), AND CLEARSTREAM BANKING, SOCIT ANONYME, LUXEMBOURG (CLEARSTREAM AND, TOGETHER WITH
EUROCLEAR, EUROCLEAR/CLEARSTREAM), TO BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OR TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE BANK OF NEW YORK DEPOSITORY (NOMINEES) LIMITED OR
IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF EUROCLEAR/CLEARSTREAM (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO THE BANK OF NEW YORK DEPOSITORY (NOMINEES) LIMITED OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF
EUROCLEAR/CLEARSTREAM), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, THE BANK OF NEW YORK DEPOSITORY (NOMINEES) LIMITED, HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. 

************************** 

2.492% Senior Notes due 2040 

CUSIP: 084670 EW4 

ISIN: XS3043427221 

COMMON CODE: 304342722 

No. 1 6,000,000,000

(as revised by the Schedule of Increases and

Decreases in Global Security attached hereto)

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware
(herein called the Company, which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to The Bank of New York Depository (Nominees) Limited, the registered Holder
hereof, as nominee of The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as common depositary for Euroclear Bank, S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, socit anonyme (Clearstream), the principal sum of
Six Billion Yen (6,000,000,000) (as revised by the Schedule of Increases and Decreases in Global Security attached hereto) on April 17, 2040, and to pay interest thereon from and including April 17, 2025 or from and
including the most recent Interest Payment Date (as defined below) to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 in each year, commencing October 15, 2025 (each an Interest
Payment Date), at the rate of 2.492% per annum (as adjusted, if at all, pursuant to such Indenture, the Interest Rate), until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment; provided that any principal, and any
such installment of interest, which is overdue shall bear interest at the Interest Rate (to the extent that the payment of such interest shall be legally enforceable), from the dates such amounts are due until they are paid or made available for
payment, and such interest shall be payable on demand. Interest on the Debt Securities of this series for any full semi-annual interest period will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. The amount of interest payable for any period shorter than a full semi-annual interest period for which interest is computed will be computed on the basis of
30-day months and, for periods of less than a month, the actual number of days elapsed per 30-day month. 

The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid
to the Person in whose name this Debt Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date (whether or not a Business Day) for such interest. Any such interest not so punctually paid or
duly provided for will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Debt Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on a
Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice whereof shall be given to Holders of Debt Securities of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or be paid at any
time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Debt Securities of this series may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in such
Indenture. 

Business Day means any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is not a day
on which banking institutions in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York or London or Tokyo are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close and that is a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross
Settlement Express Transfer System (the TARGET system), or any successor or replacement for that system, operates. 

Regular Record
Date means, with respect to any Interest Payment Date, the April 1 and October 1 (whether or not a Business Day) or, if this Debt Security is represented by one or more Global Securities, the close of business on the business day
(for this purpose a day on which Clearstream and Euroclear are open for business), in each case, immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date. 

Payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on this Debt Security will be made at the office or agency of the Company
maintained for that purpose in the City of London, England, which shall be initially the corporate trust office of The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, located at 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA; provided, however, that at
the option of the Company payments of principal, premium or interest may be made by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register, subject to surrender at such office or agency, in
the case of payments of principal or premium. 

All payments on this Debt Security will be made in yen; provided, that if on or
after April 17, 2025, the yen is unavailable to the Company due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the Companys control, then all payments in respect of this Debt Security will be made in U.S. dollars
until the yen is again available to the Company or so used. The amount payable on any date in yen will be converted into U.S. dollars at the rate mandated by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board as of the close of business on the second Business Day prior
to the relevant payment date or, in the event the U.S. Federal Reserve Board has not mandated a rate of conversion, on the basis of the then most recent U.S. dollar/yen exchange rate published in The Wall Street Journal on or prior to the second
Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the Wall Street Journal has not published such exchange rate, the rate will be determined in the Companys sole discretion on the basis of the most recently available market
exchange rate for yen. Any payment in respect of this Debt Security so made in U.S. dollars will not constitute an Event of Default with respect to the Debt Securities of this series or under the Indenture governing the Debt Securities. Neither the
Trustee nor the Paying Agent shall have any responsibility for any calculation or conversion in connection with the foregoing. 

yen and means the lawful currency of Japan. 

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Debt Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for
all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the
Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual or electronic signature, this Debt Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed. 

Dated: April 17, 2025 BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC.

By: 

Name: Marc D. Hamburg

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Attest:

Name: Cara A. Lazure

Title: Assistant Secretary

[REVERSE OF DEBT SECURITY] 

This Debt Security is one of a duly authorized series of notes of the Company (herein called the Debt Securities), issued and to
be issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of January 31, 2025 (herein called the Base Indenture, and as supplemented by the Officers Certificate dated April 17, 2025 with respect to this Debt Security,
together with the Base Indenture, called the Indenture), among the Company, as issuer, Berkshire Hathaway Finance Corporation, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (herein called the Trustee, which
term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), and reference is hereby made to the Indenture for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of
the Debt Securities and of the terms upon which the Debt Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Debt Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially limited in aggregate principal amount to
6,000,000,000. The Company may at any time issue additional securities under the Indenture in unlimited amounts having the same terms as the Debt Securities of a series, provided that no additional securities of a series may be issued if at the
time of issuance an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to such series of securities. 

This Debt Security does
not have the benefit of any sinking fund obligation. 

If, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws (or any regulations or
rulings promulgated under the laws) of the United States (or any political subdivision of or taxing authority in the United States), or any change in, or amendment to, an official position regarding the application or interpretation of such laws,
regulations or rulings (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States), which change or amendment is announced or becomes effective on or after April 11, 2025, the Company becomes or, based upon a written opinion
of independent counsel selected by the Company, there is a substantial probability that the Company will become, obligated to pay additional amounts as described under the heading Payment of Additional Amounts, below, with respect to the
Debt Securities of this series, then the Company may at any time at its option redeem the Debt Securities of this series, in whole but not in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of their principal amount, together with accrued and unpaid
interest on the Debt Securities being redeemed to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 

The Company must give the Holders of
this Debt Security notice, as provided in the Indenture, of any redemption of this Debt Security not less than 10 days or more than 60 days before the date fixed for redemption. If the Company elects to redeem fewer than all the Debt Securities of
this series, the Trustee will select the particular Debt Securities of this series to be redeemed by such method that the Trustee deems fair and appropriate; provided, that if the Debt Securities of this series are represented by one or more
Global Securities, beneficial interests therein shall be selected for redemption by Clearstream and Euroclear in accordance with their respective applicable procedures therefor; providedfurther, that no Debt Securities of this series
of a principal amount of 100,000,000 or less shall be redeemed in part. 

In the event of redemption of this Debt Security in part
only, a new Debt Security or Debt Securities of this series and of like tenor for the unredeemed portion hereof will be issued in the name of the Holder hereof upon the cancellation hereof. 

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any time of the entire Indebtedness of this Debt Security or of certain restrictive
covenants and Events of Default with respect to this Debt Security, in each case upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture. 

If an Event of Default with respect to the Debt Securities of this series shall occur and be
continuing, the principal of the Debt Securities of this series may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Debt Securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the
Debt Securities at the time Outstanding of each series to be affected (voting together as a single class). The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in principal amount of the Debt Securities of each
series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Debt Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any
such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Debt Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Debt Security and of any Debt Security issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange
herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Debt Security. 

As provided in and subject
to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder of this Debt Security shall not have the right to institute any proceeding with respect to the Indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or for any other remedy thereunder, unless such
Holder shall have previously given the Trustee written notice of a continuing Event of Default with respect to the Debt Securities of this series, the Holders of at least 33% in principal amount of the Debt Securities of this series at the time
Outstanding shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default as Trustee and offered the Trustee indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it, and the Trustee shall not have received
from the Holders of a majority in principal amount of Debt Securities of this series at the time Outstanding a direction inconsistent with such request, and shall have failed to institute any such proceeding, for 60 days after receipt of such
notice, request and offer of indemnity. The foregoing shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Holder of this Debt Security for the enforcement of any payment of principal hereof or any premium or interest hereon on or after the respective due
dates expressed herein. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Debt Security or of the Indenture shall alter or
impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and any interest on this Debt Security at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Debt Security is registrable in the
Security Register, upon surrender of this Debt Security for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company in any place where the principal of and any premium and interest on this Debt Security are payable, duly endorsed by, or
accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or the Holders attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Debt
Securities of this series and of like tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. 

The Indenture and this Debt Security are governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of laws provisions
thereof. 

The Debt Securities of this series are issuable in registered form without coupons in
minimum denominations of 100,000,000 and integral multiples of 10,000,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Debt Securities of this series are exchangeable for a like
aggregate principal amount of Debt Securities of this series and of like tenor of a different authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

No service charge shall be made to a Holder for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum
sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

Prior to due presentment of this Debt Security
for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent thereof may treat the Person in whose name this Debt Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Debt Security be overdue, and none of the
Company, the Trustee or any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

Except in the limited circumstances described in
Section 3.05 of the Indenture, the Debt Securities of this series shall be issued in the form of one or more Global Securities and a common depositary for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream shall be the Depositary for such Global
Security or Securities. 

All terms used in this Debt Security which are not defined herein and are defined in the Indenture shall have the
meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

Payment of Additional Amounts 

All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Debt Securities of this series shall be made free and clear of, and without deduction
or withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges of whatsoever nature required to be deducted or withheld by the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority of or
in the United States, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law or the official interpretation or administration thereof. 

In the event any withholding or deduction on payments in respect of the Debt Securities of this series for or on account of any present or
future tax, assessment or other governmental charge is required to be deducted or withheld by the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, the Company shall pay such additional amounts on the Debt Securities
of this series as will result in receipt by each beneficial owner of such Debt Security that is not a U.S. Person (as defined below) of such amounts (after all such withholding or deduction, including on any additional amounts) as would have been
received by such beneficial owner had no such withholding or deduction been required. The Company will not be required, however, to make any payment of additional amounts for or on account of: 

(a) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for (1) the
existence of any present or former connection (other than a connection arising solely from the ownership of those Debt Securities or the receipt of payments in respect of those Debt Securities) between a Holder of a Debt Security of this series (or
the beneficial owner for whose benefit such Holder holds such Debt Security), or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary of, member or shareholder of, or possessor of a power over, that Holder or beneficial owner (if that Holder or beneficial
owner is an estate, trust, partnership or corporation) and the United States, including that Holder or beneficial owner, or that fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member, shareholder or possessor, being or having been a citizen or resident or treated
as a resident of the United States or being or having been engaged in trade or business or present in the United States or having had a permanent establishment in the United States or (2) the presentation of a Debt Security of this series for
payment on a date more than 30 days after the later of the date on which that payment becomes due and payable and the date on which payment is duly provided for; 

(b) 

any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, capital gains, excise, personal property, wealth or similar
tax, assessment or other governmental charge; 

(c) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by reason of the beneficial owners past or
present status as a passive foreign investment company, a controlled foreign corporation, a foreign tax exempt organization or a personal holding company with respect to the United States or as a corporation that accumulates earnings to avoid U.S.
federal income tax; 

(d) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which is payable by any method other than withholding or
deducting from payment of principal of or premium, if any, or interest on the Debt Securities of this series; 

(e) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be withheld by any Paying Agent from any payment
of principal of and premium, if any, or interest on any Debt Security of this series if that payment can be made without withholding by any other Paying Agent; 

(f) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which would not have been imposed but for the failure of a
beneficial owner or any Holder of Debt Securities of this series to comply with the Companys request or a request of the Companys agent to satisfy certification, information, documentation or other reporting requirements concerning the
nationality, residence, identity or connections with the United States of the beneficial owner or any Holder of the Debt Securities of this series that such beneficial owner or Holder is legally able to deliver (including, but not limited to, the
requirement to provide an applicable Internal Revenue Service Form W-8, or any subsequent versions thereof or successor thereto, and including, without limitation, any documentation requirement under an
applicable income tax treaty); 

(g) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed on interest received by (1) a 10-percent shareholder (as defined in Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and the U.S. Treasury regulations that may be promulgated thereunder) of
the Company, (2) a controlled foreign corporation that is related to the Company within the meaning of Section 864(d)(4) of the Code or (3) a bank receiving interest described in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, to the extent
such tax, assessment or other governmental charge would not have been imposed but for the beneficial owners status as described in clauses (1) through (3) of this item (g); 

(h) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be withheld or deducted under Sections 1471
through 1474 of the Code (or any amended or successor version of such Sections) (FATCA), any regulations or other guidance thereunder, or any agreement (including any intergovernmental agreement) entered into in connection therewith; or
any law, regulation or other official guidance enacted in any jurisdiction implementing FATCA or an intergovernmental agreement in respect of FATCA; or 

(i) 

any combination of items (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g) and (h); 

nor will the Company pay any additional amounts to any beneficial owner or Holder of Debt Securities of this series who is a fiduciary or partnership
(including any entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) to the extent that a beneficiary or settlor with respect to that fiduciary or a member of that partnership or a beneficial owner thereof would not have been
entitled to the payment of those additional amounts had that beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner been the beneficial owner of those Debt Securities. 

U.S. Person means any individual who is a citizen or resident of the United
States for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state of the United States or the District of Columbia (other than a partnership that is not
treated as a United States person under any applicable U.S. Treasury regulations), or any estate or trust the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source. 

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN GLOBAL SECURITY

The following increases or decreases in this Debt Security have been made: 

Date of exchange 

Amount of decrease in

principal amount of

this Debt
Security 

Amount of increase in

principal amount of this

Debt
Security 

Principal amount of this

Debt Security following

such decrease
or increase 

Signature of authorized

signatory of Trustee or

Security
Custodian

ASSIGNMENT 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned assigns and transfers this Debt Security to: 

(Insert assignees social security or tax identification number) 

-

(Insert address and zip code of assignee) 

and irrevocably appoints _______ as agent to transfer this Debt Security on the Security Register. The agent may substitute another to act for him or her.

Dated: 

Signature: 

Signature Guarantee:

(Sign exactly as your name
appears on the other side of this Debt Security) 

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements
of the Security Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Security
Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.7
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>d934563dex47.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.7
<TEXT>
EX-4.7

Exhibit 4.7 

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. 

OFFICERS CERTIFICATE 

ESTABLISHING THE TERMS OF 3.117% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2055 

April 17, 2025 

The
undersigned, Marc D. Hamburg and Cara A. Lazure, do hereby certify pursuant to Section 3.01 of that certain Indenture, dated as of January 31, 2025 (the Indenture), among Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (the
Company), Berkshire Hathaway Finance Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, that: 

1. They are (i) the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and (ii) the Assistant Secretary, respectively, of the Company.

2. As such officers, they are authorized to execute and deliver this Officers Certificate on behalf of the Company. 

3. Attached hereto as Annex A is a true and correct copy of a specimen note representing the Companys 3.117%Senior Notes
due 2055 (the Notes). 

4. The Notes are a separate series of Securities under the Indenture. The terms of the Notes set
forth in the form of Notes attached hereto as Annex A are incorporated herein by reference. 

5. The title of the Notes shall be the
3.117% Senior Notes due 2055. The Notes will be the Companys unsecured senior obligations, will rank pari passuin right of payment with all of the Companys unsubordinated, unsecured indebtedness and will be senior in
right of payment to all of the Companys subordinated indebtedness. 

6. The Company will initially issue 3,300,000,000 aggregate
principal amount of Notes. The Company may issue additional Notes from time to time after the date hereof, and such Notes will be treated as part of the same series of Notes for all purposes under the Indenture. 

7. The principal amount of the Notes will mature on April 15, 2055. 

8. The Notes are issuable in minimum denominations of 100,000,000 and integral multiples of 10,000,000 in excess thereof. 

9. Interest on the Notes for any full semi-annual interest period will be computed on the basis of a
360-day year of twelve 30-day months. The amount of interest payable for any period shorter than a full semi-annual interest period for which interest is computed will
be computed on the basis of 30-day months and, for periods of less than a month, the actual number of days elapsed per 30-day month. 

- 1 - 

10. The Notes will bear interest from April 17, 2025 at the rate of 3.117% per annum,
payable on each April 15 and October 15, commencing on October 15, 2025, to the holders of record of the Notes at the close of business on the preceding April 1 and October 1 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may
be, immediately preceding such April 15 or October 15, or if the Notes are represented by one or more global securities, the close of business on the business day (for this purpose a day on which Euroclear Bank S.A/N.V.
(Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, socit anonyme (Clearstream)are open for business) immediately preceding the interest payment date. 

11. Payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the Notes will be made at the office or agency of the Company maintained
for that purpose in The City of London, England, which shall be initially the corporate trust office of The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, located at 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA; provided, however, that at the
option of the Company payments of principal, premium or interest may be made by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register, subject to surrender at such office or agency, in the
case of payments of principal or premium. 

12. All payments of interest and principal on the Notes, including payments made upon any
redemption of the Notes, will be made in yen. If the yen is unavailable to the Company due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the Companys control, then all payments in respect of the Notes will be made in
United States dollars until the yen is again available to the Company or so used. The amount payable on any date in yen will be converted into U.S. dollars at the rate mandated by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board as of the close of business on the
second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the U.S. Federal Reserve Board has not mandated a rate of conversion, on the basis of the most recent U.S. dollar/yen exchange rate published in The Wall Street Journal on or
prior to the second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the Wall Street Journal has not published such exchange rate, the rate will be determined in the Companys sole discretion on the basis of the most recently
available market exchange rate for yen (in each case, the Market Exchange Rate). The Market Exchange Rate most recently available on, or prior to, the second Business Day before the relevant determination date will be the basis
for determining the equivalent of yen in the currency of the United States of America for any purpose under the Indenture, including for purposes of the definition of Outstanding in Section 1.01 of the Indenture. Any payment in
respect of the Notes so made in U.S. dollars will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or the Indenture. Neither the Trustee nor the Paying Agent shall have any responsibility for any calculation or conversion in connection with the
foregoing. 

13. The Notes will initially be issued in the form of one or more Global Securities and registered in the name of the nominee
of the common depositary for the accounts of Clearstream and Euroclear. The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch shall initially serve as the Depositary for such Global Securities. 

14. The Paying Agent for the Notes will be The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon notice to the
Trustee, the Company may change the Paying Agent. 

15. The Notes shall be defeasible in whole or in part pursuant to the terms of the
Indenture, including, without limitation, Section 13.02 and Section 13.03 of the Indenture. 

- 2 - 

16. The Company will be obligated to pay additional amounts on the Notes as described under
the heading Payment of Additional Amounts in the form of the Notes incorporated herein by reference (such amounts, the Additional Amounts). 

At least 10 days prior to the first Interest Payment Date and at least 10 days prior to each date of payment of principal or interest on the
Notes if there has been a change with respect to the matters set forth in the below-mentioned Officers Certificate last delivered to the Trustee and the principal Paying Agent, if other than the Trustee, the Company shall furnish to the
Trustee and the principal Paying Agent, if other than the Trustee, an Officers Certificate instructing the Trustee and such Paying Agent whether such payment of principal or interest on the Notes shall be made to Holders without withholding or
deduction for or on account of any taxes described under the heading Payment of Additional Amounts in the form of the Notes incorporated herein by reference. If any such withholding or deduction shall be required, then such
Officers Certificate shall specify by country the amount, if any, required to be withheld or deducted on such payments to such Holders and shall certify the fact that Additional Amounts will be payable and the amounts so payable to each
Holder, and the Company shall pay to the Trustee or such Paying Agent such Additional Amounts required to be paid under the Notes. 

Whenever in the Notes there is mentioned, in any context, the payment of the principal of or any premium, interest or any other amounts on, or
in respect of, the Notes, such mention shall be deemed to include mention of the payment of Additional Amounts to the extent that, in such context, Additional Amounts are, were or would be payable in respect thereof pursuant to the terms hereof, and
express mention of the payment of Additional Amounts in any provision of the Notes shall not be construed as excluding the payment of Additional Amounts in those provisions thereof where such express mention is not made. 

17. The Notes may be redeemed in whole or in part pursuant to the terms set forth in the form of the Notes incorporated herein by reference.
The Company shall give the Trustee notice of the redemption price promptly after the calculation thereof and the Trustee shall have no responsibility for such calculation. Prior to the giving of any notice of redemption with respect to a redemption
arising from the payment of Additional Amounts, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate to the effect that all conditions precedent provided for in the Indenture to such redemption have been complied with. 

18. The Notes and the authentication pages to the Notes may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. The Trustee may authenticate the Notes by manual, facsimile or electronic signature. Electronically imaged signatures such as .pdf files, faxed signatures or other electronic
signatures to the Notes and the authentication pages to the Notes shall have the same effect as original signatures. 

All capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given such terms in the Indenture. 

[Remainder of page intentionally
left blank.] 

- 3 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Officers Certificate has been executed by the undersigned as
of the date first written above. 

/s/ Marc D. Hamburg

Name: Marc D. Hamburg

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

/s/ Cara A. Lazure

Name: Cara A. Lazure

Title: Assistant Secretary

[BRK Officers Certificate Establishing Terms of 3.117% Senior Notes due 2055 (JPY)] 

ANNEX A 

SPECIMENOF NOTE

3.117% Senior Notes due 2055 

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the
Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

TRUST COMPANY, N.A. as Trustee,

By: 

Name:

Title:

Dated: April 17, 2025 

THIS DEBT SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS
REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS DEBT SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR A SECURITY REGISTERED, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS DEBT SECURITY IN WHOLE OR IN PART MAY BE REGISTERED, IN THE NAME OF ANY
PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF, EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE. 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS
PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF EUROCLEAR BANK, S.A./N.V., AS OPERATOR OF THE EUROCLEAR SYSTEM (EUROCLEAR), AND CLEARSTREAM BANKING, SOCIT ANONYME, LUXEMBOURG (CLEARSTREAM AND, TOGETHER WITH
EUROCLEAR, EUROCLEAR/CLEARSTREAM), TO BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OR TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE BANK OF NEW YORK DEPOSITORY (NOMINEES) LIMITED OR
IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF EUROCLEAR/CLEARSTREAM (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO THE BANK OF NEW YORK DEPOSITORY (NOMINEES) LIMITED OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF
EUROCLEAR/CLEARSTREAM), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, THE BANK OF NEW YORK DEPOSITORY (NOMINEES) LIMITED, HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. 

************************** 

3.117% Senior Notes due 2055 

CUSIP: 084670 EX2 

ISIN: XS3043428112 

COMMON CODE: 304342811 

No. 1 3,300,000,000

(as revised by the Schedule of Increases and

Decreases in Global Security attached hereto)

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware
(herein called the Company, which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to The Bank of New York Depository (Nominees) Limited, the registered Holder
hereof, as nominee of The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as common depositary for Euroclear Bank, S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, socit anonyme (Clearstream), the principal sum of
Three Billion Three Hundred Million Yen (3,300,000,000) (as revised by the Schedule of Increases and Decreases in Global Security attached hereto) on April 15, 2055, and to pay interest thereon from and including
April 17, 2025 or from and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (as defined below) to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 in each year, commencing October 15,
2025 (each an Interest Payment Date), at the rate of 3.117% per annum (as adjusted, if at all, pursuant to such Indenture, the Interest Rate), until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment; provided
that any principal, and any such installment of interest, which is overdue shall bear interest at the Interest Rate (to the extent that the payment of such interest shall be legally enforceable), from the dates such amounts are due until they are
paid or made available for payment, and such interest shall be payable on demand. Interest on the Debt Securities of this series for any full semi-annual interest period will be computed on the basis of a
360-day year of twelve 30-day months. The amount of interest payable for any period shorter than a full semi-annual interest period for which interest is computed will
be computed on the basis of 30-day months and, for periods of less than a month, the actual number of days elapsed per 30-day month. 

The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid
to the Person in whose name this Debt Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date (whether or not a Business Day) for such interest. Any such interest not so punctually paid or
duly provided for will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Debt Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on a
Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice whereof shall be given to Holders of Debt Securities of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or be paid at any
time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Debt Securities of this series may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in such
Indenture. 

Business Day means any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is not a day
on which banking institutions in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York or London or Tokyo are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close and that is a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross
Settlement Express Transfer System (the TARGET system), or any successor or replacement for that system, operates. 

Regular Record
Date means, with respect to any Interest Payment Date, the April 1 and October 1 (whether or not a Business Day) or, if this Debt Security is represented by one or more Global Securities, the close of business on the business day
(for this purpose a day on which Clearstream and Euroclear are open for business), in each case, immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date. 

Payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on this Debt Security will be made at the office or agency of the Company
maintained for that purpose in the City of London, England, which shall be initially the corporate trust office of The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, located at 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA; provided, however, that at
the option of the Company payments of principal, premium or interest may be made by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register, subject to surrender at such office or agency, in
the case of payments of principal or premium. 

All payments on this Debt Security will be made in yen; provided, that if on or
after April 17, 2025, the yen is unavailable to the Company due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the Companys control, then all payments in respect of this Debt Security will be made in U.S. dollars
until the yen is again available to the Company or so used. The amount payable on any date in yen will be converted into U.S. dollars at the rate mandated by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board as of the close of business on the second Business Day prior
to the relevant payment date or, in the event the U.S. Federal Reserve Board has not mandated a rate of conversion, on the basis of the then most recent U.S. dollar/yen exchange rate published in The Wall Street Journal on or prior to the second
Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the Wall Street Journal has not published such exchange rate, the rate will be determined in the Companys sole discretion on the basis of the most recently available market
exchange rate for yen. Any payment in respect of this Debt Security so made in U.S. dollars will not constitute an Event of Default with respect to the Debt Securities of this series or under the Indenture governing the Debt Securities. Neither the
Trustee nor the Paying Agent shall have any responsibility for any calculation or conversion in connection with the foregoing. 

yen and means the lawful currency of Japan. 

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Debt Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for
all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the
Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual or electronic signature, this Debt Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed. 

Dated: April 17, 2025 BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC.

By: 

Name: Marc D. Hamburg

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Attest:

Name: Cara A. Lazure

Title: Assistant Secretary

[REVERSE OF DEBT SECURITY] 

This Debt Security is one of a duly authorized series of notes of the Company (herein called the Debt Securities), issued and to
be issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of January 31, 2025 (herein called the Base Indenture, and as supplemented by the Officers Certificate dated April 17, 2025 with respect to this Debt Security,
together with the Base Indenture, called the Indenture), among the Company, as issuer, Berkshire Hathaway Finance Corporation, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (herein called the Trustee, which
term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), and reference is hereby made to the Indenture for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of
the Debt Securities and of the terms upon which the Debt Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Debt Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially limited in aggregate principal amount to
3,300,000,000. The Company may at any time issue additional securities under the Indenture in unlimited amounts having the same terms as the Debt Securities of a series, provided that no additional securities of a series may be issued if at the
time of issuance an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to such series of securities. 

This Debt Security does
not have the benefit of any sinking fund obligation. 

If, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws (or any regulations or
rulings promulgated under the laws) of the United States (or any political subdivision of or taxing authority in the United States), or any change in, or amendment to, an official position regarding the application or interpretation of such laws,
regulations or rulings (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States), which change or amendment is announced or becomes effective on or after April 11, 2025, the Company becomes or, based upon a written opinion
of independent counsel selected by the Company, there is a substantial probability that the Company will become, obligated to pay additional amounts as described under the heading Payment of Additional Amounts, below, with respect to the
Debt Securities of this series, then the Company may at any time at its option redeem the Debt Securities of this series, in whole but not in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of their principal amount, together with accrued and unpaid
interest on the Debt Securities being redeemed to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 

The Company must give the Holders of
this Debt Security notice, as provided in the Indenture, of any redemption of this Debt Security not less than 10 days or more than 60 days before the date fixed for redemption. If the Company elects to redeem fewer than all the Debt Securities of
this series, the Trustee will select the particular Debt Securities of this series to be redeemed by such method that the Trustee deems fair and appropriate; provided, that if the Debt Securities of this series are represented by one or more
Global Securities, beneficial interests therein shall be selected for redemption by Clearstream and Euroclear in accordance with their respective applicable procedures therefor; providedfurther, that no Debt Securities of this series
of a principal amount of 100,000,000 or less shall be redeemed in part. 

In the event of redemption of this Debt Security in part
only, a new Debt Security or Debt Securities of this series and of like tenor for the unredeemed portion hereof will be issued in the name of the Holder hereof upon the cancellation hereof. 

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any time of the entire Indebtedness of this Debt Security or of certain restrictive
covenants and Events of Default with respect to this Debt Security, in each case upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture. 

If an Event of Default with respect to the Debt Securities of this series shall occur and be
continuing, the principal of the Debt Securities of this series may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Debt Securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the
Debt Securities at the time Outstanding of each series to be affected (voting together as a single class). The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in principal amount of the Debt Securities of each
series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Debt Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any
such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Debt Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Debt Security and of any Debt Security issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange
herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Debt Security. 

As provided in and subject
to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder of this Debt Security shall not have the right to institute any proceeding with respect to the Indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or for any other remedy thereunder, unless such
Holder shall have previously given the Trustee written notice of a continuing Event of Default with respect to the Debt Securities of this series, the Holders of at least 33% in principal amount of the Debt Securities of this series at the time
Outstanding shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default as Trustee and offered the Trustee indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it, and the Trustee shall not have received
from the Holders of a majority in principal amount of Debt Securities of this series at the time Outstanding a direction inconsistent with such request, and shall have failed to institute any such proceeding, for 60 days after receipt of such
notice, request and offer of indemnity. The foregoing shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Holder of this Debt Security for the enforcement of any payment of principal hereof or any premium or interest hereon on or after the respective due
dates expressed herein. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Debt Security or of the Indenture shall alter or
impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and any interest on this Debt Security at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Debt Security is registrable in the
Security Register, upon surrender of this Debt Security for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company in any place where the principal of and any premium and interest on this Debt Security are payable, duly endorsed by, or
accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or the Holders attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Debt
Securities of this series and of like tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. 

The Indenture and this Debt Security are governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of laws provisions
thereof. 

The Debt Securities of this series are issuable in registered form without coupons in
minimum denominations of 100,000,000 and integral multiples of 10,000,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Debt Securities of this series are exchangeable for a like
aggregate principal amount of Debt Securities of this series and of like tenor of a different authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

No service charge shall be made to a Holder for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum
sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

Prior to due presentment of this Debt Security
for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent thereof may treat the Person in whose name this Debt Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Debt Security be overdue, and none of the
Company, the Trustee or any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

Except in the limited circumstances described in
Section 3.05 of the Indenture, the Debt Securities of this series shall be issued in the form of one or more Global Securities and a common depositary for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream shall be the Depositary for such Global
Security or Securities. 

All terms used in this Debt Security which are not defined herein and are defined in the Indenture shall have the
meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

Payment of Additional Amounts 

All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Debt Securities of this series shall be made free and clear of, and without deduction
or withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges of whatsoever nature required to be deducted or withheld by the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority of or
in the United States, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law or the official interpretation or administration thereof. 

In the event any withholding or deduction on payments in respect of the Debt Securities of this series for or on account of any present or
future tax, assessment or other governmental charge is required to be deducted or withheld by the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, the Company shall pay such additional amounts on the Debt Securities
of this series as will result in receipt by each beneficial owner of such Debt Security that is not a U.S. Person (as defined below) of such amounts (after all such withholding or deduction, including on any additional amounts) as would have been
received by such beneficial owner had no such withholding or deduction been required. The Company will not be required, however, to make any payment of additional amounts for or on account of: 

(a) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for (1) the
existence of any present or former connection (other than a connection arising solely from the ownership of those Debt Securities or the receipt of payments in respect of those Debt Securities) between a Holder of a Debt Security of this series (or
the beneficial owner for whose benefit such Holder holds such Debt Security), or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary of, member or shareholder of, or possessor of a power over, that Holder or beneficial owner (if that Holder or beneficial
owner is an estate, trust, partnership or corporation) and the United States, including that Holder or beneficial owner, or that fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member, shareholder or possessor, being or having been a citizen or resident or treated
as a resident of the United States or being or having been engaged in trade or business or present in the United States or having had a permanent establishment in the United States or (2) the presentation of a Debt Security of this series for
payment on a date more than 30 days after the later of the date on which that payment becomes due and payable and the date on which payment is duly provided for; 

(b) 

any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, capital gains, excise, personal property, wealth or similar
tax, assessment or other governmental charge; 

(c) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by reason of the beneficial owners past or
present status as a passive foreign investment company, a controlled foreign corporation, a foreign tax exempt organization or a personal holding company with respect to the United States or as a corporation that accumulates earnings to avoid U.S.
federal income tax; 

(d) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which is payable by any method other than withholding or
deducting from payment of principal of or premium, if any, or interest on the Debt Securities of this series; 

(e) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be withheld by any Paying Agent from any payment
of principal of and premium, if any, or interest on any Debt Security of this series if that payment can be made without withholding by any other Paying Agent; 

(f) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which would not have been imposed but for the failure of a
beneficial owner or any Holder of Debt Securities of this series to comply with the Companys request or a request of the Companys agent to satisfy certification, information, documentation or other reporting requirements concerning the
nationality, residence, identity or connections with the United States of the beneficial owner or any Holder of the Debt Securities of this series that such beneficial owner or Holder is legally able to deliver (including, but not limited to, the
requirement to provide an applicable Internal Revenue Service Form W-8, or any subsequent versions thereof or successor thereto, and including, without limitation, any documentation requirement under an
applicable income tax treaty); 

(g) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed on interest received by (1) a 10-percent shareholder (as defined in Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and the U.S. Treasury regulations that may be promulgated thereunder) of
the Company, (2) a controlled foreign corporation that is related to the Company within the meaning of Section 864(d)(4) of the Code or (3) a bank receiving interest described in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, to the extent
such tax, assessment or other governmental charge would not have been imposed but for the beneficial owners status as described in clauses (1) through (3) of this item (g); 

(h) 

any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be withheld or deducted under Sections 1471
through 1474 of the Code (or any amended or successor version of such Sections) (FATCA), any regulations or other guidance thereunder, or any agreement (including any intergovernmental agreement) entered into in connection therewith; or
any law, regulation or other official guidance enacted in any jurisdiction implementing FATCA or an intergovernmental agreement in respect of FATCA; or 

(i) 

any combination of items (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g) and (h); 

nor will the Company pay any additional amounts to any beneficial owner or Holder of Debt Securities of this series who is a fiduciary or partnership
(including any entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) to the extent that a beneficiary or settlor with respect to that fiduciary or a member of that partnership or a beneficial owner thereof would not have been
entitled to the payment of those additional amounts had that beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner been the beneficial owner of those Debt Securities. 

U.S. Person means any individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States for 

U.S. federal income tax purposes, a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organized in or
under the laws of the United States, any state of the United States or the District of Columbia (other than a partnership that is not treated as a United States person under any applicable U.S. Treasury regulations), or any estate or trust the
income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source. 

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN GLOBAL SECURITY

The following increases or decreases in this Debt Security have been made: 

Date of exchange 

Amount of decrease in

principal amount of

this Debt
Security 

Amount of increase in

principal amount of this

Debt
Security 

Principal amount of this

Debt Security following

such decrease
or increase 

Signature of authorized

signatory of Trustee or

Security
Custodian

ASSIGNMENT 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned assigns and transfers this Debt Security to: 

(Insert assignees social security or tax identification number) 

-

(Insert address and zip code of assignee) 

and irrevocably appoints _______ as agent to transfer this Debt Security on the Security Register. The agent may substitute another to act for him or her.

Dated: 

Signature: 

Signature Guarantee:

(Sign exactly as your name
appears on the other side of this Debt Security) 

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements
of the Security Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Security
Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>d934563dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

April 17, 2025 

Berkshire Hathaway Inc. 

3555 Farnam Street 

Omaha, Nebraska 68131 

Re: 

Senior Notes of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as counsel
to Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (the Issuer), a Delaware corporation, in connection with the issuance and sale by the Issuer of (i) 48,600,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Issuers 1.352% Senior Notes due 2028 (the
2028 Notes), (ii) 19,500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Issuers 1.593% Senior Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes), (iii) 3,500,000,000 aggregate principal
amount of the Issuers 1.797% Senior Notes due 2032 (the 2032 Notes), (iv) 9,100,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Issuers 2.090% Senior Notes due 2035 (the 2035
Notes), (v) 6,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Issuers 2.492% Senior Notes due 2040 (the 2040 Notes) and (vi) 3,300,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the
Issuers 3.117% Senior Notes due 2055 (the 2055 Notes and, together with the 2028 Notes, the 2030 Notes, the 2032 Notes, the 2035 Notes and the 2040 Notes, the Securities), pursuant to that
certain Underwriting Agreement (the Agreement), dated as of April 11, 2025, by and among (a) the Issuer and (b) Merrill Lynch International and Mizuho Securities USA LLC. 

The Securities will be issued pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of January 31, 2025, by and among the Issuer, Berkshire Hathaway Finance
Corporation (BHFC), and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the Trustee) (the Indenture, which term as used herein includes the Officers Certificates (as defined
in the Indenture) dated April 17, 2025, establishing the forms and terms of the Securities). The Issuer and BHFC have prepared and filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities
Act of 1933 (the Securities Act), (i) a registration statement on Form S-3 (File Nos. 333-284622 and 333-284622-01), including a prospectus, relating to the Securities (the Registration Statement), (ii) a Preliminary Prospectus, dated April 1, 2025 (the Preliminary
Prospectus), and (iii) a Final Prospectus, dated April 11, 2025 (the Final Prospectus and together with the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus). 

This opinion is being furnished in connection with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation
S-K under the Securities Act, and no opinion is expressed herein as to any matter pertaining to the contents of the Registration Statement or related Prospectus, other than as expressly stated herein with
respect to the issuance of the Securities. 

Berkshire Hathaway Inc. 

April 17, 2025 

Page
2

In our capacity as counsel for the Issuer, we have reviewed the Securities and originals or
copies of corporate records of the Issuer, certificates of public officials, officers of the Issuer and others, and such other documents as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for the purposes of this opinion. In our examination, we have assumed
the genuineness of all signatures, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to authentic original documents of all documents submitted to us as copies, and the legal capacity of all parties executing the
documents. 

In making our examination of documents executed by parties other than the Issuer, we have assumed that such parties had the
power, corporate or otherwise, to enter into and perform all obligations thereunder and have also assumed the due authorization by all requisite action, corporate or otherwise, and execution and delivery by such parties of such documents and the
validity and binding effect thereof. As to various questions of fact relevant to the opinions expressed herein, we have relied upon, and assumed the accuracy of, the factual representations of the Issuer set forth in the officers certificates
delivered to us by it in connection with our rendering of this opinion, the representations and warranties of the Issuer set forth in the Agreement and other information of or from responsible representatives of the Issuer and others and assume
compliance on the part of all parties to the Agreement and the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Agreement) with their covenants and agreements contained therein. 

Based on the foregoing, and subject to the assumptions, qualifications, exclusions and other limitations contained in this letter, we are of
the opinion that the Securities being delivered on this date have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Issuer and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery of the Indenture by the Trustee and the due authentication of
the Securities by the Trustee in accordance with the Indenture, constitute valid and binding obligations of the Issuer, enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with their terms, subject, as to enforcement, to bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equity principles. 

The law covered by the opinion expressed above is limited to (i) the laws of the State of New York, and (ii) the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware. We express no opinion as to any other laws of the State of Delaware or the laws of any other jurisdiction and no opinion regarding the statutes, administrative decisions, rules, regulations or requirements of any
county, municipality, subdivision or local authority of any jurisdiction. 

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit
to the Issuers Form 8-K dated April 17, 2025 and to the use of our name in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Final Prospectus under the caption Legal Matters. In giving such consent, we
do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission issued thereunder. 

Very truly yours, 

/s/ Baker & McKenzie LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>brk59-20250417.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>brk59-20250417_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>brk59-20250417_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document And Entity Information [Table] 
Document And Entity Information [Table] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 
Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Class 160 A Common Stock [Member] 
Class 160 A Common Stock [Member] 

Class 160 B Common Stock [Member] 
Class 160 B Common Stock [Member] 

M 1.125 Senior Notes Due 2027 [Member] 
M 1.125 Senior Notes Due 2027 [Member] 

M 1.625 Senior Notes Due 2035 [Member] 
M 1.625 Senior Notes Due 2035 [Member] 

M 2.150 Senior Notes Due 2028 [Member] 
M 2.150 Senior Notes Due 2028 [Member] 

M 2.375 Senior Notes Due 2039 [Member] 
M 2.375 Senior Notes Due 2039 [Member] 

M 2.625 Senior Notes Due 2059 [Member] 
M 2.625 Senior Notes Due 2059 [Member] 

M 0.500 Senior Notes Due 2041 [Member] 
M 0.500 Senior Notes Due 2041 [Member] 

M 1.500 Senior Notes Due 2030 [Member] 
M 1.500 Senior Notes Due 2030 [Member] 

M 2.000 Senior Notes Due 2034 [Member] 
M 2.000 Senior Notes Due 2034 [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>brk59-20250417_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 17, 2025

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001067983

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 17, 2025

Entity File Number 001-14905

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-0813844

Entity Address, Address Line One 3555 Farnam Street

Entity Address, City or Town Omaha

Entity Address, State or Province NE

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 68131

City Area Code (402)

Local Phone Number 346-1400

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Class 160 A Common Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Class A Common Stock

Trading Symbol BRK.A

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Class 160 B Common Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Class B Common Stock

Trading Symbol BRK.B

Security Exchange Name NYSE

M 1.125 Senior Notes Due 2027 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 1.125% Senior Notes due 2027

Trading Symbol BRK27

Security Exchange Name NYSE

M 1.625 Senior Notes Due 2035 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 1.625% Senior Notes due 2035

Trading Symbol BRK35

Security Exchange Name NYSE

M 2.150 Senior Notes Due 2028 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 2.150% Senior Notes due 2028

Trading Symbol BRK28

Security Exchange Name NYSE

M 2.375 Senior Notes Due 2039 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 2.375% Senior Notes due 2039

Trading Symbol BRK39

Security Exchange Name NYSE

M 2.625 Senior Notes Due 2059 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 2.625% Senior Notes due 2059

Trading Symbol BRK59

Security Exchange Name NYSE

M 0.500 Senior Notes Due 2041 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 0.500% Senior Notes due 2041

Trading Symbol BRK41

Security Exchange Name NYSE

M 1.500 Senior Notes Due 2030 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 1.500% Senior Notes due 2030

Trading Symbol BRK30

Security Exchange Name NYSE

M 2.000 Senior Notes Due 2034 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 2.000% Senior Notes due 2034

Trading Symbol BRK34

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: brk59_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: brk59_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=brk59_Class160ACommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=brk59_Class160BCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=brk59_M1.125SeniorNotesDue2027Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=brk59_M1.625SeniorNotesDue2035Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=brk59_M2.150SeniorNotesDue2028Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=brk59_M2.375SeniorNotesDue2039Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=brk59_M2.625SeniorNotesDue2059Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=brk59_M0.500SeniorNotesDue2041Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=brk59_M1.500SeniorNotesDue2030Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=brk59_M2.000SeniorNotesDue2034Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
11 
22 
1 
false 
10 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://imetrix.edgar-online.com//20250417/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

brk59-20250417.xsd 
brk59-20250417_def.xml 
brk59-20250417_lab.xml 
brk59-20250417_pre.xml 
d934563d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-084458-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>d934563d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001067983 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

0001067983 

brk59:Class160ACommonStockMember 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

0001067983 

brk59:Class160BCommonStockMember 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

0001067983 

brk59:M1.125SeniorNotesDue2027Member 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

0001067983 

brk59:M1.625SeniorNotesDue2035Member 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

0001067983 

brk59:M2.150SeniorNotesDue2028Member 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

0001067983 

brk59:M2.375SeniorNotesDue2039Member 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

0001067983 

brk59:M2.625SeniorNotesDue2059Member 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

0001067983 

brk59:M0.500SeniorNotesDue2041Member 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

0001067983 

brk59:M1.500SeniorNotesDue2030Member 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

0001067983 

brk59:M2.000SeniorNotesDue2034Member 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC 
DE 
false 
0001067983 
8-K 
2025-04-17 
001-14905 
47-0813844 
3555 Farnam Street 
Omaha 
NE 
68131 
(402) 
346-1400 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock 
BRK.A 
NYSE 
Class B Common Stock 
BRK.B 
NYSE 
1.125% Senior Notes due 2027 
BRK27 
NYSE 
1.625% Senior Notes due 2035 
BRK35 
NYSE 
2.150% Senior Notes due 2028 
BRK28 
NYSE 
2.375% Senior Notes due 2039 
BRK39 
NYSE 
2.625% Senior Notes due 2059 
BRK59 
NYSE 
0.500% Senior Notes due 2041 
BRK41 
NYSE 
1.500% Senior Notes due 2030 
BRK30 
NYSE 
2.000% Senior Notes due 2034 
BRK34 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>