<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001171843-25-000166.txt : 20250110
<SEC-HEADER>0001171843-25-000166.hdr.sgml : 20250110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250110163021
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001171843-25-000166
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250110
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001218683
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		IRS NUMBER:				880445167
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40849
		FILM NUMBER:		25523427

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 CLARK STREET
		CITY:			SHARON
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			16146
		BUSINESS PHONE:		61 02 8624 6130

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 CLARK STREET
		CITY:			SHARON
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			16146

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Wize Pharma, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171120

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OphthaliX, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120207

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DENALI CONCRETE MANAGEMENT INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030213
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>f8k_011025.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000121868300012186832025-01-102025-01-10iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January
10, 2025

Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-40849 88-0445167

(State or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification
No.)

950
Railroad Avenue, Midland, Pennsylvania 15059

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area
code +1-412515-0896

(Former name or former address, if changed since last
report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425
under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

Title
of Each Class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value MIGI The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
8.01. Other Events.

On January 10, 2025, Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc.
(Mawson or the Company), filed its answer (the Filing), attached herein as an Exhibit, to the
involuntary petition against the Company (the Petition) pursuant to 11 U.S.C. 303(a) filed on December 4, 2024 by
W Capital Advisors Pty Ltd, Marshall Investments MIG Pty Ltd, and Rayra Pty Ltd, all of whom are Australian entities (the Petitioners).
Mawson had previously announced in a filing on Form 8-K issued on December 4, 2024, that the Companys Board of Directors intended
to vigorously defend the Company against the Petition filed by these Australian entities.

As per the Companys most recent 10-Q filing
on November 14, 2024, W Capital Advisors Pty Ltd as trustee for the W Capital Advisors Fund and Marshall Investments MIG Pty Ltd as trustee
for the Marshall Investments MIG Trust had filed proceedings in Australia, and the Company believes that these entities were using such
proceedings in an improper attempt to gain leverage in ongoing legal disputes between the parties. The Company believes that the filing
of this Involuntary Petition is an extension of the ongoing disputes, including with James Manning, the Companys former Board Director
and Officer, and a continuation of the pattern of bad faith actions, by James Manning and the Petitioners, with the improper intention
of harassing and intimidating Mawson.

The Companys counsel plans to propound discovery requests to the Petitioners. In addition,
James Manning remains the subject of an investigation by the Companys Audit Committee, including related to his dealings with W
Capital Advisors Pty Ltd as trustee for the W Capital Advisors Fund among several other matters including current litigation
with an entity related to James Manning, Vertua Property Inc. (Vertua), regarding alleged self-dealing, breach of contract,
and tortious interference with a business relationship.

The Company had previously
reported through an 8-K filing on March 29, 2024, that it may seek to exit certain or all of its entities and holdings in Australia.
The Company currently operates facilities in the United States of America and does not have any operating sites or assets in Australia.

The
Company continues to also pursue its complaint filed in The Court of Common Pleas of Mercer County, Pennsylvania (file number 2024-2332)
on October 17, 2024 against Vertua as landlord for the Companys Sharon, PA property for breach of the lease agreement and wrongful
termination of the lease, as well as for tortious interference with a business relationship. The Company is seeking reinstatement of
the lease, compensatory damages, disgorgement of revenue, and exemplary and punitive damages, as well as reimbursement for its costs
and litigation expenses. Vertua is a company not only related to James Manning, but also affiliated with Darron Wolter of W Capital Advisors
Pty Ltd as trustee for the W Capital Advisors Fund.

Mawson expects to vigorously pursue sanctions, attorney
fees, general and punitive damages against the Petitioners, as available to the full extent of the law.

Per the Companys 8-K filing on December 4, 2024, the Company expects to continue to operate as
usual and execute its business plan accordingly.

The description of the Filing is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the full text of such document, which is filed as an exhibit to this Current Report on Form 8-K and which
is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

99.1 Alleged Debtors Answer to Involuntary Petition

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL
document

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

The Company cautions that statements in this press release that are not
a description of historical fact are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words referencing future events or circumstances such as expect,
seek, intend, plan, pursue, anticipate, believe, and
will, among others. Because such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially
from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based upon the Companys
current expectations and involve assumptions that may never materialize or may prove to be incorrect. Actual results and the timing of
events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of various risks and uncertainties.
More detailed information about the risks and uncertainties affecting the Company is contained under the heading Risk Factors
included in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with
the SEC on May 15, 2024, August 19, 2024, November 14, 2024, the Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 4, 2024, and in other
filings that the Company has made and may make with the SEC in the future. One should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date on which they were made. Because such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual
results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation
to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made, except as may
be required by law. For more information, visit us at https://www.mawsoninc.com

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc.

Date: January 10, 2025 By: /s/ Kaliste Saloom

Kaliste Saloom

General Counsel
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exh_991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE

In re:

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC.

Alleged Debtor. 

Chapter 11

Case No. 24-12726 (MFW)

ALLEGED DEBTORS ANSWER TO INVOLUNTARY PETITION

Pursuant to Federal Rule of Bankruptcy
Procedure 1011(b), which incorporates Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b), the above-captioned alleged debtor, Mawson Infrastructure
Group, Inc. (Mawson or the Alleged Debtor or the Company),1
answers the involuntary petition (the Involuntary Petition) filed by petitioning creditors W Capital Advisors Pty
Ltd (W Capital), Marshall Investments MIG Pty Ltd (Marshall Investments), and Rayra Pty Ltd
(Rayra and collectively with W Capital and Marshall Investments, the Petitioning Creditors
and each a Petitioning Creditor), as follows and requests dismissal of the Involuntary Petition for the following
reasons:

Introduction2

1. 
Mawson generally denies the allegations set forth in the Involuntary Petition and insists that the petition was filed in bad faith with
the improper purpose to harass and intimidate Mawson. The Involuntary Petition is an extension of ongoing disputes with Mawsons
former Board Director and Chief Executive Officer, James Manning (Manning). As detailed below, Manning has waged
a vendetta against Mawson, beginning in his home-turf in Australia, and this Involuntary Petition, with the assistance of the Petitioning
Creditors all Australian entities with disputed claims is Mannings most recent attempt to harass and intimidate
Mawson in an effort to avoid accounting for various misconduct while he was Board Director and/or Chief Executive Officer of Mawson.

____________________________

1 Mawson is a Delaware corporation listed on the NASDAQ under MIGI.

2 Capitalized terms used in this Introduction, but not defined shall have the meaning ascribed
to them as defined herein in this answer.

1 

2. 
Notwithstanding the inappropriate motives, the Involuntary Petition is improper under the strict requirements of section 303 of the Bankruptcy
Code. Specifically, (i) Mawson is generally paying its debts that are not subject to bona fide disputes as to liability or amount as they
become due; (ii) the Petitioning Creditors debts are the subject of bona fide disputes as to liability and amount; and (iii) the
circumstances strongly suggest that one of the Petitioning Creditors debts (Rayra) appears to have been acquired from another Petitioning
Creditor (Marshall Investments) for the purpose of meeting the involuntary petition numerosity requirement.

3. 
First, an order for relief can only be entered against a debtor if the petitioning creditor proves that the debtor is generally
not paying such debtors debts as such debts become due unless such debts are the subject of a bona fide dispute as to liability
or amount. 11 U.S.C. 303(h)(1). The burden of establishing that the alleged debtor is not paying its debts as they generally
become due is squarely on the petitioning creditors. In re Luxeyard, Inc., 556 B.R. 627, 643 (Bankr. D. Del. 2016) (citing In
re A & J Quality Diamonds, Inc., 377 B.R. 460, 463 (Bankr. S.D.N.Y. 2007) (the petitioning creditors have the burden of
proving all statutory requirements of Bankruptcy Code 303, including that the debtor is generally not paying its bills
on time. (emphasis in original)). Mawson denies the allegation in the Involuntary Petition that it is not paying its undisputed
and non-contingent debts as they come due. Accordingly, it is the Petitioning Creditors burden to prove otherwise.

2 

4. 
Second, Mawson disputes the validity and amounts of the debts that the Petitioning Creditors assert they are owed. As detailed below,
the debts are the product of Mannings self- dealing and are subject to dispute, the nature of which disputes were communicated
to each of the first two Petitioning Creditors (W Capital and Marshall Investments3) several months before the filing of the
Involuntary Petition. The burden of proof is on the petitioning creditor to establish a prima facie case that there is no bona
fide dispute as to both liability and amount. In re AMC Investors, LLC, 406 B.R. 478, 484 (Bankr. D. Del. 2009); In re Elverson,
492 B.R. 831, 835 (Bankr. E.D. Pa. 2013). If there is a dispute as to the amount of the debt owed, then the debt no longer qualifies for
11 U.S.C. 303 purposes. In re Bimini Island Air, Inc., 370 B.R. 408, 413 (Bankr. S.D. Fla. 2007). There are several issues
of genuine material fact and law that bear on the alleged liability of Mawson to the Petitioning Creditors.

5. 
Third, the circumstances surrounding Rayras acquisition of its claim by assignment from Marshall Investments are highly suspect,
including (i) the timing of the assignment, shortly before the filing of the Involuntary Petition and in proximity to when Mawson sued
an entity in which Manning (and/or parties related to Manning) holds an interest and Manning and W Capitals (one of the petitioners
in this matter) Director and Secretary, Darron Siegfried Wolter, are directors, and (ii) the de minimis amount of the purported assignment.
The assignment to Rayra was for just A$50,000 of Marshall Investments purported A$12,073,339 claim.4 Rayras pre-filing
assignment amounts to just under $31,000 (U.S. Dollars) as of January 9, 2025, i.e., 0.41% of the A$12,073,339 disputed debt.

____________________________

3 The claim of the third Petitioning Creditor, Rayra, was acquired from Marshall Investments,
one of the other three petitioning creditors.

4 A$ refers to Australian dollars.

3 

6. 
More curious, the Assignment Agreement between Rayra and Marshall Investments, although referenced as Exhibit A to the Involuntary Petition
and required to be filed with the petition pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 1003(a), was not filed until sixteen (16) days after the Involuntary
Petition was filed, nor was it provided to Mawsons counsel despite multiple requests to the Petitioning Creditors counsel
beginning eight (8) days before it was filed.

7. 
As set forth further herein and as will be revealed through discovery, there is ample reason to dismiss the Involuntary Petition. In addition
to disputes regarding the validity and amounts of the Petitioning Creditors purported debts, Mannings self-dealing and breaches
of fiduciary duties cast doubt on the transactions giving rise to the Petitioning Creditors purported debts. Indeed, when Mawson
began reviewing Mannings conduct, Manning refused to cooperate and he subsequently threatened retaliation, including threatening
to put Mawson into involuntary bankruptcy if certain demands were not met.

8. 
Accordingly, there are bona fide disputes as to the debts. The Petitioning Creditors lack the requisite standing, credentials, and good
faith motives in order to proceed with this Involuntary Petition and it must be dismissed both procedurally and substantively as a bad
faith filing. Mawson expressly reserves its rights under section 303(i) of the Bankruptcy Code to pursue costs, attorneys fees,
and actual and punitive damages for this improper and retaliatory filing.

The Involuntary Bankruptcy

9. 
On December 4, 2024, the Petitioning Creditors, all of whom are Australian entities, filed the Involuntary Petition [Docket No. 1] seeking
relief against the Alleged Debtor under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code (the Bankruptcy Code).

10. 
The Involuntary Petition alleges the following debts for the Petitioning Creditors in the following amounts above the value of any lien:

4 

a. W Capital Advisors Pty Ltd. As trustee for the W Capital Advisors Fund:
A$1,661,552.58 plus interest accruing under the Secured Loan Deed and the interest accruing under the certain convertible promissory note,
dated 8 July 2022 and legal and professional services costs.

b. Marshall Investments MIG Pty Ltd as trustee for the Marshall Investments
MIG Trust: A$12,073,339 plus interest and default management fees accruing under the Secured Loan Facility Agreement and legal
professional services costs.

c. Rayra Pty Ltd as trustee for The Mountainview Trust: A$50,000 plus
interest accruing under the Secured Loan Facility Agreement.

11. 
On December 20, 2024, the Petitioning Creditors filed their Corporate Ownership Statements [Docket Nos. 7, 8 and 9]. Each of the Corporate
Ownership Statements were filed and dated after the Petition Date.5

12. 
On December 30, 2024, the Court entered the Order Approving Stipulation Extending Time to Respond to Involuntary Petition [Docket
No. 12], which extended Mawsons deadline to respond to the Involuntary Petition through and including January 10, 2025. The Petitioning
Creditors and Mawson agreed that within five (5) business days of the filing of any response contesting the Involuntary Petition, the
parties would meet and confer to discuss an appropriate schedule for discovery, briefing, and a hearing.

Factual Background

A. Issues with James Manning

13. Manning
served as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and director of Mawson Infrastructure Group Pty Ltd (MIGPL),
an Australian entity, upon its inception in September 2019.6 In early 2021, MIGPL and its subsidiaries
were acquired by Wize Pharma, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and subsequently renamed Mawson Infrastructure Group, Inc. on or about March
15, 2021. Following the merger, Manning became CEO and an executive director of Mawson until he stepped down as CEO on May 22, 2023. Thereafter,
Manning served as a non-executive director from July 5, 2023 until August 22, 2023, when he departed Mawson entirely. The reason for Mannings
departure in August 2023 is ostensibly due in large part to Mawson commencing an investigation into Mannings related party transactions
and self-dealing during his tenure as CEO and Board Director, in an effort to avoid the Companys inquiries. As an officer and director
of MIGPL and Mawson, Manning was obligated to exercise various fiduciary duties and act in the interests of the Company pursuant to Australian
and Delaware law, U.S. federal and state securities law, his employment agreement, and the Companys internal policies, including
a Code of Ethics and a Policy on Related Party Transactions.

____________________________

5 Pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 1010(b), corporate ownership statements must be filed with the
involuntary petition.

6 Manning was also a director of subsidiaries of MIGPL, including Mawson AU Ptd Ltd and MIG
No. 1 Pty Ltd.

5 

14. 
On or about March 11, 2024, Mawsons outside Australian counsel, a global firm known for its expertise on such matters, prepared
(and sent to Mannings Australian counsel) a comprehensive report (the Report) outlining its findings of Mannings
related party transactions and Mawsons claims for breach of fiduciary and statutory duties, including under Australian and Delaware
law and the terms of his employment agreement. The Report included preliminary discovery requests from Manning regarding the related
party transactions; however, Manning has continually refused to provide any information or cooperate with the Companys investigation.
Upon information and belief, Petitioning Creditor W Capital and its principal, Darron Siegfried Wolter (Wolter),
are significant players in the related party transactions orchestrated by Manning.

6 

15. 
In particular, Manning pushed Mawson into investing in many businesses and borrowing money to support those efforts, without Mawson having
the full picture about those investments or, perhaps more importantly, knowing who was financially benefitting from them. Specifically,
those investments in which Manning had an interest. For example, upon information and belief, from 2021 through 2023, Manning caused
Mawson to remit payment of over A$11.4 million to Flynt International Cargo Solutions (Flynt ICS) for shipping services
that Mawson did not need. Upon information and belief, Manning did not inform Mawson that he was seeking and eventually had financial
interests in Flynt ICS, nor did he update the Company upon his securing self-serving financial interests with Flynt ICS or seek board
approval for his financial interests with Flynt ICS despite the substantial payment amounts. It was not until late 2023, shortly before
departing the Company as a Director, that Manning admitted to Mawson he was the owner of Flynt ICS by virtue of Vertua Ltds (Vertua)
acquisition of Flynt ICS. Upon further information and belief, Manning is a significant shareholder of Vertua and is a Director of Vertua.
Despite a request from the Mawson board, Manning refused to provide any details in writing regarding Mannings interest in Flynt
ICS. Mannings failure to disclose his interests in Flynt ICS was a clear breach of Mannings fiduciary duties under Australian
and Delaware law, U.S. federal and state securities law, and his contractual obligations to Mawson.

16. 
Manning also pushed Mawson to engage in related party transactions with First Equity Advisory Pty Ltd (First Equity Advisory)
and First Equity Tax Pty Ltd (First Equity Tax). At all relevant times of the transactions, Manning was a director
of First Equity Advisory and First Equity Tax, and thus the transactions personally benefitted him at the expense of Mawson working with
independent third parties to conduct independent financial and tax advisory work. Upon information and belief, First Equity Advisory
and First Equity Tax are owned by Vertua. Again, Mannings push to drive Mawson into unnecessary obligations and payments to entities
in which he had a personal stake is a breach of Mannings fiduciary duties under Delaware and Australian law, U.S. federal and
state securities law, and his contractual obligations to Mawson.

7 

17. 
Manning pushed Mawson into other investments to pay hundreds of thousands of dollars to entities believed to be related to Manning for
unnecessary or inflated services including to Manning Motorsports Pty Ltd, Defender Asset Management, and other possible entities that
are yet to be uncovered given Mannings repeated refusal to provide information or cooperate with the Company. Mannings improper
related-party transactions and self-dealing are believed to be substantial and extensive. Discovery is imperative to understand the full
scope of those transactions and efforts.

18. 
To that end, several requests have been made to Manning to account for his self- dealing and related party transactions. For example,
Mawson Board meeting minutes for August 17, 2023 reflect that Manning informed Mawsons Board that he was unwilling to attest
to his own related party transactions and that [t]he Chairman Greg Martin asked Mr. Manning to explain to the Board how
he thought that he was properly fulfilling his fiduciary duties. Mr. Manning said he would take the question on notice. Rather
than provide the related party transaction information and cooperate as repeatedly requested by Mawsons Board and Audit Committee,
Manning tendered his resignation just days later on August 23, 2023. By way of further example, on January 18, 2024, Mawson sent Manning
a letter formally requesting that he provide a statutory declaration or other attestation with a complete list of all actual and potential
conflicts and related party transactions that involved Manning or any of his affiliates at any time when he was a board director or CEO
of Mawson and MIGPL. Discovery and information requests were also directed to Manning in the aforementioned March 11, 2024 Report. To
date, Manning has repeatedly refused to answer all of the discovery and information requests. Discovery in this proceeding is thus imperative
to understand the scope of Mannings improper conduct and its connection to the disputed claims of the Petitioning Creditors.

8 

19. 
Since leaving Mawson, Manning has made threats to Mawson, both indirectly and through third parties including, but not limited to, sending
threating images of a home on fire to Greg Martin, a member of the Mawson Board of Directors, contemporaneously with the issuance of W
Capitals Statutory Demand (defined below); telling a third party that he was going to burn Mawson to the ground,
and threatening to put Mawson into involuntary bankruptcy if certain demands, including for compensation, were not met.

B. W Capitals Claim

20. 
W Capitals listed address is Suite 303 Level 3, 44 Miller Street, North Sydney, NSW 2060. As noted, the Director and Secretary
of W Capital is Wolter.

21. 
As set forth herein, there are multiple connections between W Capital, Wolter, and Manning. Upon information and belief, Wolter has been
affiliated with the Manning family for decades, including as an employee or affiliate of several of the Manning familys interests.

22. 
Upon information and belief, Wolter holds an interest in or is a board member for the following Manning-related entities: (i) CEO of Vertua
Opportunities Fund; (ii) board member of Vertua; and (iii) CEO of Defender Tourism Fund, a division of Defender Asset Management.

23. 
Additionally, many of the Manning and Wolter related entities share the same address. For example, W Capital, Vertua, and Defender Asset
Management all share a same address at: Suite 303 Level 3, 44 Miller Street, North Sydney, NSW 2060.

24. 
Upon information and belief, W Capitals registered office and principal place of business was previously listed as First Equity
Tax, Unit 501, 97 Pacific Highway North Sydney. As noted above, First Equity Tax is a Manning-related entity. Manning was a director
of First Equity Tax, and First Equity tax was owned by Vertua, which is also a Manning related entity, and James Manning is the Managing
Partner of First Equity.

9 

25. 
With the context of the Manning, W Capital and Wolter relationships in mind, Mawson strongly contests W Capitals asserted claim
and the validity of the underlying loans made to W Capital, including the terms and provisions, which contain various ambiguities, as
well as the need for the W Capital debts because they appear to be the product of Mannings self-dealing. It is also unclear, what,
if any, consideration was received from W Capital in exchange for Mawson, at Mannings direction providing a corporate guarantee
on September 29, 2022 for a prior loan dated September 2, 2022. W Capital further claims that Manning promised it at least 1,500,000 restricted
stock units (RSUs) in Mawson; however, Mawson does not have any authorized documentation that would support W Capitals alleged
claim and, despite request, W Capital has not come forward with such documentation. Additionally, the transactions with W Capital were
directly negotiated by Manning at his own behest; other Mawson directors and senior executives were never permitted to participate or
engage directly with W Capital.

26. On June 12, 2024, W Capital made a statutory demand (Statutory
Demand) under Australian law to Mawson for A$368,877.55. Upon information and belief, the W Capital Statutory Demand was directed
by Manning in an effort to improperly retaliate against Mawson for the claims and allegations that Mawson has asserted against Manning
with respect to his breaches of fiduciary duty, related party transactions, and self-dealing.

27. 
On June 26, 2024, Mawson submitted a formal reply to W Capitals Statutory Demand asserting, among other things:

10 

a genuine dispute between W Capital and Mawson regarding the amount
of the debt to which your demand relates and advising that the Statutory Demand sought to improperly coerce payment of a disputed
amount.

There are defects in the statutory demand and W. Capitals
statutory demand has been made in bad faith. W Capital knows that this debt is categorically disputed by Mawson.

W Capital is fully aware that the agreements between Mawson and W Capital
have invoked Delaware law in the United States, and that disputes and claims need to be adjudicated pursuant to applicable law in the
United States of America.

Mawson has significant damages claims against W Capital to offset
any sums

At all times material hereto, W Capitals principal, Darron Wolter
had and has close business and personal ties to James Manning, the former CEO of Mawson at the time this debt was claimed to be created,
resulting in the appearance of serious conflicts of interest, collusion, and self-dealings, which negate the legitimacy of any financing
agreements with Mawson at issue here and raising issues of civil and criminal liability against W Capital and Mr. Wolter

W Capitals collection attempts of a seriously disputed claim is an
abuse of process, as it is an attempt to coerce a clearly solvent company to pay a disputed debt.

The June 26th formal reply clearly put W Capital
on notice of the bona fide dispute as to the amount of the W Capital alleged debt. A copy of the June 26, 2024 reply is annexed hereto
as Exhibit A.

11 

28. 
As noted herein, Mawson has pushed for many months to get statutorily required disclosures and information from Manning and W Capital,
but Manning has refused to answer very basic questions. In mid-2023 and again on January 18, 2024, the Mawson Board of Directors requested
that Manning clarify under oath whether he and/or related entities (including debt providers) have an interest in W Capital and its affiliates.7
To date, Manning has repeatedly refused to answer these requests.

C. Marshall Investments Claim

29. Marshall
Investments address is Suite 1 Level 12, 53 Martin Place, Sydney, NSW 2000.

30. 
Upon information and belief, Manning has connections with Marshall Investments, including with its Managing Director, David Marshall and
Chairman, John Marshall. Neither Marshall Investments nor Manning have disclosed such related party interests to Mawson.

31. Mawson disputes Marshall Investments alleged debt on multiple
bases, including: (i) rights to setoff under Australian and U.S. law (ii) the timing of penalty interest applied by Marshall; and (iii)
improperly treating a force majeure event under the loan facility as a material default.

32. 
With respect to the disputed penalty interest calculations, Marshall Investments issued a statutory demand in Australia on or about May
28, 2024; however, upon information and belief, instead of applying the standard commercial interest rate of 8%, Marshall Investments
has improperly applied penalty interest at 25% beginning several months prior to issuing the statutory demand.

______________________________

7 Mannings refusal to respond to these requests has been noted in filings by Mawson
with the Securities Exchange Commission. See, e.g. Form 8-K dated February 23, 2024, available at https://www.sec.gov/ixviewer/ix.html?doc=/Archives/edgar/data/1218683/000117184324000946/f8k_022324.htm

12 

33. 
Like W Capital, Marshall Investments is acutely aware of the ongoing disputes that Mawson has with respect to the alleged debt. For example,
on June 17, 2024, Mawson submitted a formal reply to Marshall Investments Statutory Demand asserting that there is a genuine
dispute between Marshall Investments and Mawson regarding the amount of the debt to which your demand relates.
A copy of the June 17, 2024 reply is annexed hereto as Exhibit B.

D. Rayras Claim:

34. 
Upon information and belief, Rayras address is Unit 58A, 1183-1187 The Horsley Dr, Wetherill Park, NSW 2164.

35. Attached to the Involuntary Petition is a declaration (the Itaoui
Declaration) of Ray Itaoui, Director and Company Secretary of Rayra. The Itaoui Declaration was submitted to explain the nature
of its alleged debts against Mawson, which it acquired shortly before the filing of the Involuntary Petition.

36. 
The Itaoui Declaration explains that Rayra holds claims against Mawson in the aggregate principal amount of at least A$50,000 plus accruing
interest based upon its holdings under that certain Secured Loan Facility Agreement by and between Marshall Investments and MIG No. 1
Pty Ltd, dated as of December 9, 2021 (the Loan Agreement). Marshall Investments and the Debtor entered into a Continuing
Guaranty, causing the Debtor to act as a guarantor for the prompt repayment by MIG No. 1 Pty Ltd of the commitments under the Loan Agreement.
See Itaoui Declaration at 3.

37. 
The Itaoui Declaration further explains that Rayra acquired the holdings under the Loan Agreement from Marshall Investments pursuant
to the assignment Assignment Agreement) whereby Marshall Investments assigned A$50,000 of its claim to Rayra. The
Assignment Agreement was purportedly signed on October 18, 2024. Despite being referenced as Exhibit A to the Itaoui Declaration, the
Assignment Agreement was not filed with the Involuntary Petition as required by Rule 1003(a) of the Federal Rule of Bankruptcy Procedure
(the Bankruptcy Rules). The Assignment Agreement was eventually filed sixteen (16) days after the Petition Date.8
See Docket No. 6-1. The Itaoui Declaration claims that Rayra did not purchase the claims for the purpose of commencing
this case under the Bankruptcy Code. Itaoui Declaration at 4.

_____________________________

8 Beginning on December 12, 2024, counsel for Mawson made multiple requests to the Petitioning
Creditors counsel for a copy of the Assignment Agreement. The Assignment Agreement was not provided in response to these requests.
The Assignment Agreement was eventually docketed on December 20, 2024 [Docket No. 6].

13 

38. Mawson
has never had any knowledge of or any prior interaction with Rayra. Mawson disputes both the validity of the Assignment Agreement whereby
Rayra assumed A$50,000 of Mawson debt previously held by Marshall Investments and Rayras statement that it did not purchase its
0.41% interest in the disputed debt for the purpose of commencing this case. Mawson submits that the substance and timing of the Assignment
Agreement make the claims in the Itaoui Declaration highly suspect.

39. 
First, Rayra purportedly purchased A$50,000 of the allegedly overdue and unpaid debt at 100 cents on the dollar, which is extremely unusual,
and even more so given that the Involuntary Petition was filed soon thereafter. Second, Rayra made the purchase on October 18, 2024 
three (3) days after Mawson filed suit on October 15, 2024 against a Manning-related entity, Vertua Property, Inc., for overbilling, wrongful
eviction, and tortious interference. See Court of Common Pleas of Mercer County, Pennsylvania Civil Division, Case No.
2024-2332. Second, Rayra acquired the debt from Marshall after Marshall made its Statutory Demand.

14 

40. 
The fact that an unrelated party located in Mannings home-turf of Australia, would pay for a small, but tactically crucial, portion
of Marshall Investments claim at a 100% rate, and shortly thereafter join as the necessary third creditor to an Involuntary Petition
against Mawson, a company with whom it had no prior relationship and had never done business, suggests more than a mere coincidence. Given
the circumstances, discovery is needed to clarify this questionable transaction and the underlying motivations.

Answer:

41. 
In response to the Allegations set forth in Part 3, Section 11 of the Involuntary Petition, Mawson responds as follows:

a. Mawson DENIES that the Petitioning Creditors are eligible to file the Petition
under 11 U.S.C. 303(b). Section 303(b)(1) of the United States Bankruptcy Code requires that when a debtor has 12 or more creditors,
an involuntary petition may be filed by three or more entities, each of which hold claims which are not contingent as to liability
or the subject of a bona fide dispute as to liability or amount. Mawson disputes each of the Petitioning Creditors debts
as to liability and/or amount.

b. The Petitioning Creditors checked the box: The Debtor is generally not paying
its debts as they become due, unless they are the subject of a bona fide dispute as to liability or amount. Mawson DENIES
this allegation Mawson is paying its debts as they become due, unless they are the subject of a bona fide dispute as to liability
or amount.

15 

c. The Petitioning Creditors checked the box: Within 120 days before the filing
of this petition, a custodian, other than a trustee, receiver, or an agent appointed or authorized to take charge of less than substantially
all of the property of the debtor for the purpose of enforcing a lien against such property, was appointed or took possession.
Mawson DENIES this allegation no custodian has been appointed.

FIRST DEFENSE

42. 
The Involuntary Petition fails to state a claim upon which relief may be granted pursuant to Fed.R.Civ.P. 12(b)(6), made applicable herein
by Fed.R.Bankr.P. 7012.

SECOND DEFENSE

43. 
The Petitioning Creditors claims are subject of bona fide disputes as to liability and amount.

THIRD DEFENSE

44. 
Mawson is generally paying its debts that are not subject of a bona fide dispute as to liability or amount as they become due.

FOURTH DEFENSE

45. 
The Involuntary Petition was filed in bad faith. In particular, (i) at least a majority of the Petitioning Creditors had actual knowledge
that Mawson disputes their claims as to liability and amount; (ii) the Petitioning Creditors failed to conduct sufficient due diligence
before filing the Involuntary Petition; and (iii) the Involuntary Petition was filed in order to harass and intimidate Mawson in furtherance
of previous threats.

FIFTH DEFENSE

46. 
The Petitioning Creditors lack standing to file an involuntary petition against Mawson and therefore, the Court lacks jurisdiction of
this proceeding.

16 

SIXTH DEFENSE

47. 
The Involuntary Petition was not commenced by three or more entities holding noncontingent, undisputed claims aggregating at least $10,000
more than the value of any lien.

SEVENTH DEFENSE

48. The claims in the Involuntary Petition are barred by the doctrine of unclean hands.

EIGHTH DEFENSE

49. Any claims held by the Petitioning Creditors are subject to setoff.

NINTH DEFENSE

50. 
The Involuntary Petition and the relief sought in this proposed chapter 11 case is barred by the doctrines of laches, waiver, and estoppel.

RESERVATION OF RIGHTS
TO SEEK COSTS, ATTORNEYS FEES, DAMAGES, AND SANCTIONS

51. 
Pursuant to 11 U.S.C. 303, Mawson reserves its rights to seek recovery of costs, attorneys fees under 11 U.S.C. 303(i)(1),
actual and punitive damages under 11 U.S.C. 303(i)(2), and sanctions under Bankruptcy Rule 9011(c).

52. 11 U.S.C. 303(i) provides as follows:

If the court dismisses a petition under this section
other than on consent of all petitioners and the debtor, and if the debtor does not waive the right to judgment under this subsection,
the court may grant judgment

(1) against the petitioners and in favor of the debtor for

(A) costs; or

(B) a reasonable attorneys fee; or

(2) against any petitioner that filed the petition in bad faith, for

(A) any damages proximately caused by such filing; or

(B) punitive damages.

17 

53. Mawson does not waive the right to judgment under 11 U.S.C. 303(i).

RESERVATION OF RIGHTS TO REQUEST A BOND

54. 
Mawson reserves the right to request that the Petitioning Creditors be required to post a bond pursuant to section 303(e) of the Bankruptcy
Code.9 A bond may be particularly necessary in this case given the circumstances and that the Petitioning Creditors are all
foreign. It is unclear what assets the Petitioning Creditors have in the United States that would be available to fund an award under
section 303(i)(1) or (2) of the Bankruptcy Code in the event this involuntary case is dismissed, including if there is an award for damages
for a bad faith filing under section 303(i)(2).

RESERVATION OF RIGHTS AND NEED FOR DISCOVERY

55. 
Mawson hereby gives notice that it intends to rely upon such other and further defenses as may become available or apparent during the
discovery process in this action, and hereby reserves the right to amend its answer to assert any such defenses. The assertion of the
above defenses by Mawson are not intended and should not be deemed or construed to alter or shift any burden of proof Petitioning Creditors
may have in connection with the claims asserted in the Involuntary Petition.

56. 
Mawson further reserves the right, at or before trial, to move to dismiss the Involuntary Petition and/or for Summary Judgment, on the
ground that the Involuntary Petition fails to state a claim upon which relief can be granted and/or that Mawson is entitled to judgment
as a matter of law, based on any and all of the above defenses.

__________________________

9 The Congressional record notes that section 303(e) was enacted to discourage
frivolous petitions as well as the more dangerous spiteful petitions, based on a desire to embarrass the debtor (who may be a competitor
of a petitioning creditor) or to put the debtor out of business without good cause In re Apollo Health Street, Inc.,
2011 WL 2118230 (Bankr. D.N.J. May 23, 2011) (quoting H. Rep. No. 95-595, 95th Cong., 1st Sess. At 323 (1977)).

18 

57. 
In the event that the Court does not dismiss the Involuntary Petition immediately, Mawson requires the opportunity to take written discovery
and depositions related to, inter alia: (i) the circumstances surrounding the loans from W Capital and Marshall Investments to
Mawson, including with respect to potential self-dealing and related party transactions, conflicts of interest, and breaches of fiduciary
duty by Manning; (ii) for the validity, terms, provisions, and amount of the Petitioning Creditors claims including with respect
to corporate guarantees allegedly provided to them; (iii) the extent of Mannings interests and control over W Capital; (iv) collusion
between W Capital and Manning given the relationship between Manning and Wolter; (v) the relationship between Marshall Investments and
Manning; (vi) the Petitioning Creditors motivation for filing the Involuntary Petition; and (vii) the circumstances surrounding
the Rayra Assignment Agreement.

58. 
Mawson expressly reserves its right to supplement its discovery requests and targets as information is uncovered with respect to the Petitioning
Creditors and the Involuntary Petition. WHEREFORE, Mawson demands judgment in its favor as follows:

(a) the Court to enter an order dismissing this petition for the reasons stated above;

(b) find that the Petitioning Creditors acted in bad faith;

(c) awarding costs, reasonable attorneys fees, damages caused by the filing, and/or
punitive damages, as allowable pursuant to 11 U.S.C. 303(i); and

(d) granting such other and further relief as the Court deems just and proper.

19 

Dated: January 10, 2025 FOX ROTHSCHILD LLP

/s/ Seth A. Niederman 

Seth A. Niederman (No. 4588)

Stephanie
Slater Ward (No. 6922)

1201 North Market Street, Suite 1200

Wilmington, DE 19801

Telephone: (302) 654-7444

Email: sniederman@foxrothschild.com

Email: sward@foxrothschild.com

-and-

Michael A. Sweet (pro hac vice admission pending)

345 California Street,
Suite 2200

San Francisco, California 94104

Telephone: (415) 364-5540

Facsimile: (415) 391-4436

Email: msweet@foxrothschild.com

-and-

Michael R. Herz (pro hac vice admission pending)

49 Market Street

Morristown, NJ 07960

Telephone: (973) 548-3330

Email: mherz@foxrothschild.com

Counsel to the Alleged Debtor

20 

Exhibit A

14

Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc

950 Railroad Ave., Midland, PA 15059 USA 

June 26, 2024

VIA EMAIL ONLY

Ranjani Sundar (ranjani.sundar@hfw.com)

HFW Australia

Level 10, 126 Phillip Street

Sydney NSW 2000

+61 (0)2 9320 4609

Re: Formal reply of Mawson Infrastructure Group, Inc. to
the statutory demand of W Capital Advisors Pty Ltd dated 12 June 2024

Dear Ms. Sundar,

In response to the statutory demand dated 12 June, 2024 of W Capital Advisors Pty
Ltd (W Capital), Mawson Infrastructure Group, Inc. (Mawson), replies as follows.

Pursuant to the Australian Commonwealth Consolidated Acts (Corporations Act 2001
- Sect 459H(a)), we assert that there is a genuine dispute between W Capital and Mawson regarding the amount of the debt to which your
demand relates and in good faith therefore refuse to pay it. As per your countrys long-established jurisprudence, for example,
Moutere Pty Ltd v Deputy Commissioner of Taxation [2000] NSWSC 379, The policy underlying Sect 459H is that the statutory demand
procedure should not be used to coerce a person to pay a disputed amount. A statutory demand is not an instrument of debt collection.

There are defects in the statutory demand of your client and W Capitals
statutory demand has been made in bad faith. W Capital knows that this debt is categorically disputed by Mawson and further that pursuant
to the Australian Commonwealth Consolidated Acts (Corporations Act 2001 - Sect 585), Mawson cannot be considered insolvent.

W Capital is fully aware that the agreements between Mawson and W Capital have invoked
Delaware law in the United States, and that disputes and claims need to be adjudicated pursuant to applicable law in the United States
of America. W Capitals attempt to avail itself of a favorable jurisdiction does not necessitate that Mawson is subject to such
jurisdiction. We believe that all disputes and claims between Mawson and W Capital have to be adjudicated in the United States.

In addition, Mawson has significant damage claims against
W Capital to offset any sums which, in the unlikely event, may be determined by a competent court of law having jurisdiction over Mawson.

15

At all times material hereto, W Capitals principal, Darron Wolter, had and
has close business and personal ties to James Manning, the former CEO of Mawson at the time this debt was claimed to be created, resulting
in the appearance of serious conflicts of interest, collusion, and self-dealings which negate the legitimacy of any financing agreements
with Mawson at issue here and raising issues of civil and criminal liability against W Capital and Mr. Wolter pursuant to the Corporations
Act 2001, Sects. 181 and 182, as well as US law. These actions of W Capital also subject it to sanctions in the US pursuant to SEC regulation,
the US Department of Treasury, and its Committee on Foreign Investment regulations, and potential enforcement action by the Department
of Justice.

Mawson as a Delaware incorporated company and listed on a U.S. exchange is subject
to U.S. law and does not accede to the jurisdiction of Australia by this response or otherwise. To the contrary however, W Capital by
its actions, has acceded to the personal and subject matter jurisdictions of the state and federal courts of the United States and various
US regulatory agencies.

Accordingly, under the Corporations Act 2001 Sect 459J,
there are significant defects in W Capitals demand, and substantial injustice will be caused unless the statutory demand is set
aside. W Capitals collection attempts of a seriously disputed claim is an abuse of process, as it is an attempt to coerce a clearly
solvent company to pay a disputed debt. Continuing to pursue this demand will expose W Capital to potential damages and sanctions which
would offset, if not exceed, any claimed amounts due under the pending statutory demand.

Moreover, several provisions of the agreements between Mawson and W Capital remain
in dispute. For example, Mawson maintains that the recitation of assets in a September 29, 2022 guarantee must relate back
to a July 8, 2022 guarantee, wherein the collateral was limited to certain bitcoin mining equipment located in the United States. W Capital
Advisors has attempted to take the position that all assets of the Company are subject to the guarantee, which Mawson strongly
disagrees with and continues to dispute. Mawson has raised this critical definitional issue, and several other procedural issues, in opposition
to W Capital.

We hereby respectfully but firmly demand that W Capitals statutory demand
be withdrawn in writing immediately. If W Capital does not set aside its statutory demand, Mawson will be forced to pursue all claims,
damages and remedies against W Capital and its principals as applicable under U.S law. Mawson reserves all rights under both

U.S. and Australian law.

Please give this reply your prompt and serious attention. It is requested that
this reply be forwarded by you to your clients, W Capital Advisors Pty Ltd and its principals and investors as well as to ASIC and the
Australian courts should you risk taking this matter further.

Unless otherwise authorized by me, you are to direct all further communications only
to me at the above address or using below contact information, and to no other Mawson entity or any of their employees, directors, officers, agents, representatives, or legal
counsel.

16

Feel free to contact me to discuss this matter further.

Exhibit B

Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc

950 Railroad Ave., Midland, PA 15059 USA 

June 17, 2024

VIA EMAIL ONLY

Daniel Zabow (dzabow@hwle.com.au)

Courtney McDonald (cmcdonald@hwle.com.au)

HWL Ebsworth Lawyers

REPLY TO STATUTORY DEMAND PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL

Dear Colleagues,

In response to your Statutory Demand dated 28 May, 2024, Mawson Infrastructure
Group, Inc., replies as follows:

Pursuant to the Australian Commonwealth Consolidated Acts (Corporations Act 2001
- SECT 459H(a)), we assert that there is a genuine dispute between Marshall Investments GCP Pty Ltd (formerly Marshall Investments MIG
Pty Ltd), ACN 655 680 256 as trustee for Marshall Investments MIG Trust ABN 51 605 110 090 and Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc ARBN 649
261 861 (Mawson) regarding the amount of the debt to which your demand relates. As per Moutere Pty Ltd v Deputy Commissioner
of Taxation [2000] NSWSC 379, The policy underlying Sect 459H is that the statutory demand procedure should not be used to coerce
a person to pay a disputed amount. A statutory demand is not an instrument of debt collection. There is thus a defect in the Statutory
Demand due to a misstatement of an amount or total. See Section 9 of the Corporations Act.

In particular, we assert that (i) Marshall has miscalculated the amount due
by using the penalty interest rate of 25% instead of the standard commercial interest rate of 8%; and

(ii) Marshall has been charging the penalty interest rate improperly and untimely,
as it has been charging such penalty interest rate prior to its filing of the Statutory Demand.

Further, Marshall is in bad faith in making this demand as it is fully aware
that Mawson is in possession of and is making arrangements to turn over significant collateral in the United States valued in excess of
the sums demanded statutorily. By law of offset, the debt is extinguishable by the mere transfer of such assets. A list of these assets
are attached hereto.

Accordingly, there are significant defects in Marshalls demand, and substantial
injustice will be caused unless the demand is set aside. We hereby respectfully request, and demand if necessary, that Marshalls
Statutory Demand be withdrawn in writing immediately . If Marshall does not set aside its Statutory Demand, Mawson will not only actively
and successfully refute any presumptions of insolvency under Australian law in an applicable proceeding but will countersue in an appropriate US court for damages
based in fraud and bad faith.

Page 1 of 2

Marshall
Statutory Demand Reply

June 17, 2024

Furthermore, by its actions Marshall has consented to the personal and subject matter
of the courts of the United States and further litigation will be instituted there should this matter not be amicably resolved.

Please give this reply your prompt and serious attention, directing all further communications
to me.

Feel free to contact me to discuss this matter further.

Enclosures

Page 2 of 2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>migi-20250110.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>migi-20250110_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>migi-20250110_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>miginclogo.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>exh991sig.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>exh991hdr2.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>exh991sig2.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40849

Entity Registrant Name Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001218683

Entity Tax Identification Number 88-0445167

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 950
Railroad Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town Midland

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 15059

City Area Code 412

Local Phone Number 515-0896

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol MIGI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://mawsoninc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

f8k_011025.htm 
migi-20250110.xsd 
migi-20250110_lab.xml 
migi-20250110_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001171843-25-000166-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>f8k_011025_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001218683 

2025-01-10 
2025-01-10 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001218683 
8-K 
2025-01-10 
Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc. 
DE 
001-40849 
88-0445167 
950 Railroad Avenue 
Midland 
PA 
15059 
412 
515-0896 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
MIGI 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>