<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-054784.txt : 20250314
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-054784.hdr.sgml : 20250314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250314160217
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-054784
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250311
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Oric Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001796280
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				471787157
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39269
		FILM NUMBER:		25739864

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		240 E. GRAND AVE.
		STREET 2:		2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(650) 388-5600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		240 E. GRAND AVE.
		STREET 2:		2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d873253d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000179628000017962802025-03-112025-03-11

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 11, 2025

ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 001-39269 47-1787157

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

240 E. Grand Ave, 2nd Floor

South San Francisco, CA94080

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, including zip code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (650)388-5600

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share ORIC The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

Effective March 11, 2025, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Committee) of ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) approved the ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Amended and Restated 2022 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan (as amended, the Inducement Plan), in order to increase the number of shares reserved for issuance under the Inducement Plan. Subject to the adjustment provisions of the Inducement Plan, the Committee reserved an additional 1,100,000 shares of the Companys common stock, or 2,250,000 shares of common stock in the aggregate, for issuance pursuant to equity awards granted under the Inducement Plan. 

The Inducement Plan, originally approved by the Committee in March 2022 and amended and restated by the Committee in March 2024, and the increase in shares were both adopted without stockholder approval pursuant to the applicable Nasdaq Listing Rules. The Inducement Plan provides for the grant of equity-based awards, including nonstatutory stock options, restricted stock units, restricted stock, stock appreciation rights, performance shares and performance stock units, and its terms are substantially similar to the Companys 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, including with respect to treatment of equity awards in the event of a merger or change in control as defined under the Inducement Plan but with such other terms and conditions intended to comply with the Nasdaq inducement award exception or to comply with the Nasdaq acquisition and merger exception. 

In accordance with the Nasdaq Listing Rules, awards under the Inducement Plan may only be made to individuals not previously employees or non-employee directors of the Company (or following such individuals bona fide period of non-employment with the Company), as an inducement material to the individuals entry into employment with the Company, or, to the extent permitted by the Nasdaq Listing Rules, in connection with a merger or acquisition. 

A copy of the Inducement Plan and related form agreements under the Inducement Plan are attached as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated by reference herein. The above description of the Inducement Plan does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibit. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

10.1 Amended and Restated 2022 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan, and form agreements thereunder. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ORIC PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Date: March 14, 2025 By: 

/s/ Christian Kuhlen

Christian Kuhlen, M.D., J.D.

General Counsel
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d873253dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

ORIC PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

2022 INDUCEMENT EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

1. Purposes of the Plan. The purposes of this Plan are to attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of substantial
responsibility by providing an inducement material to individuals entering into employment with the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. The Plan permits the grant of Nonstatutory Stock Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock
Units, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Units and Performance Shares. Each Award under the Plan is intended to qualify as an employment inducement grant under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4) and the official regulations thereunder (together,
the Inducement Listing Rule) or to qualify under the exception relating to plans or arrangements relating to an acquisition or merger under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(3) and the official guidance thereunder. 

2. Definitions. As used herein, the following definitions will apply: 

(a) Administrator means the Board or any of its Committees as will be administering the Plan, in accordance with
Section 4 of the Plan. 

(b) Applicable Laws means the legal and regulatory requirements relating to the
administration of equity-based awards, including without limitation the related issuance of shares of Common Stock, including without limitation under U.S. state corporate laws, U.S. federal and state securities laws, the Code, any stock exchange or
quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and the applicable laws of any non-U.S. country or jurisdiction where Awards are, or will be, granted under the Plan. 

(c) Award means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted
Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units or Performance Shares. 

(d) Award Agreement means the written or
electronic agreement between the Company and Participant setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to an Award granted under the Plan. The Award Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

(e) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

(f) Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following events: 

(i) Change in Ownership of the Company. A change in the ownership of the Companywhich occurs on the date that any one person,
or more than one person acting as a group (Person), acquires ownership of the stock of the Company that, together with the stock held by such Person, constitutes more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the
stock of the Company; provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection, the acquisition of additional stock by any one Person, who is considered to own more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the stock of

the Company will not be considered a Change in Control. Further, if the stockholders of the Company immediately before such change in ownership continue to retain immediately after the change in
ownership, in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Companys voting stock immediately prior to the change in ownership, direct or indirect beneficial ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the total voting
power of the stock of the Company or of the ultimate parent entity of the Company, such event will not be considered a Change in Control under this subsection (i). For this purpose, indirect beneficial ownership will include, without limitation, an
interest resulting from ownership of the voting securities of one or more corporations or other business entities which own the Company, as the case may be, either directly or through one or more subsidiary corporations or other business entities;
or 

(ii) Change in Effective Control of the Company. A change in the effective control of the Company which occurs on the date
that a majority of members of the Board is replaced during any twelve (12) month period by Directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of the appointment or election. For
purposes of this subsection (ii), if any Person is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of additional control of the Company by the same Person will not be considered a Change in Control; or 

(iii) Change in Ownership of a Substantial Portion of the Companys Assets. A change in the ownership of a substantial portion of
the Companys assets which occurs on the date that any Person acquires (or has acquired during the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such Person) assets from the Company that have a total
gross fair market value equal to or more than fifty percent (50%) of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions; provided, however, that for purposes of this
subsection (iii), the following will not constitute a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Companys assets: (A) a transfer to an entity that is controlled by the Companys stockholders immediately after the
transfer, or (B) a transfer of assets by the Company to: (1) a stockholder of the Company (immediately before the asset transfer) in exchange for or with respect to the Companys stock, (2) an entity, fifty percent
(50%) or more of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company, (3) a Person, that owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50%) or more of the total value or voting power of all the
outstanding stock of the Company, or (4) an entity, at least fifty percent (50%) of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by a Person described in this subsection (iii)(B)(3). For purposes of this
subsection (iii), gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the Company, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets. 

For purposes of this definition, persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a
merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the Company. 

Notwithstanding the
foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed a Change in Control unless the transaction qualifies as a change in control event within the meaning of Section 409A. 

-2- 

Further and for the avoidance of doubt, a transaction will not constitute a Change in
Control if: (x) its primary purpose is to change the jurisdiction of the Companys incorporation, or (y) its primary purpose is to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who
held the Companys securities immediately before such transaction. 

(g) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended. Any reference to a section of the Code or regulation thereunder will include such section or regulation, any valid regulation or other official guidance promulgated under such section, and any comparable provision of any future
legislation or regulation amending, supplementing, or superseding such section or regulation. 

(h) Committee means a
committee of Directors or of other individuals satisfying Applicable Laws appointed by the Board, or a duly authorized committee of the Board, in accordance with Section 4 hereof. 

(i) Common Stock means the common stock of the Company. 

(j) Company means ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor thereto. 

(k) Consultant means any natural person, including an advisor, engaged by the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary of the
Company to render bona fide services to such entity, provided the services (i) are not in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction, and (ii) do not directly
promote or maintain a market for the Companys securities, in each case, within the meaning of Form S-8 promulgated under the Securities Act, and provided, further, that a Consultant will include only
those persons to whom the issuance of Shares may be registered under Form S-8 promulgated under the Securities Act. 

(l) Director means a member of the Board. 

(m) Disability means total and permanent disability, as determined by the Administrator in its discretion in accordance
with uniform and non-discriminatory standards adopted by the Administrator from time to time. 

(n)
Employee means any person, including Officers and Directors, employed by the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. Neither service as a Director nor payment of a directors fee by the Company will be sufficient
to constitute employment by the Company. However, for the avoidance of doubt, although a person who is an Employee also may be a Director, a person who already is serving as a Director prior to becoming an Employee will not be eligible
to be granted an Award under the Plan unless permitted under the Inducement Listing Rule. The Company shall determine in good faith and in the exercise of its discretion whether an individual has become or has ceased to be an Employee and the
effective date of such individuals employment or termination of employment, as the case may be. For purposes of an individuals rights, if any, under the Plan as of the time of the Companys determination, all such determinations by
the Company shall be final, binding and conclusive, notwithstanding that the Company or any court of law or governmental agency subsequently makes a contrary determination. 

-3- 

(o) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(p) Exchange Program means a program under which (i) outstanding Awards are surrendered or cancelled in exchange
for awards of the same type (which may have higher or lower exercise prices and different terms), awards of a different type, and/or cash, (ii) Participants would have the opportunity to transfer any outstanding Awards to a financial
institution or other person or entity selected by the Administrator, and/or (iii) the exercise price of an outstanding Award is increased or reduced. The Administrator will determine the terms and conditions of any Exchange Program in its sole
discretion. 

(q) Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of Common Stock determined as follows: 

(i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or a national market system, including without limitation the New York
Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq Capital Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market, its Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price for such stock (or, if no closing sales price was reported on
that date, as applicable, on the last Trading Day such closing sales price was reported) as quoted on such exchange or system on the day of determination, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator
deems reliable; 

(ii) If the Common Stock is regularly quoted by a recognized securities dealer but selling prices are not reported, the
Fair Market Value of a Share will be the mean between the high bid and low asked prices for the Common Stock on the day of determination (or, if no bids and asks were reported on that date, as applicable, on the last Trading Day such bids and asks
were reported), as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable; or 

(iii) In the
absence of an established market for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value will be determined in good faith by the Administrator. 

The
determination of fair market value for purposes of tax withholding may be made in the Administrators discretion subject to Applicable Laws and is not required to be consistent with the determination of Fair Market Value for other purposes.

(r) Fiscal Year means the fiscal year of the Company. 

(s) Incentive Stock Option means an Option intended to qualify, and actually qualifies, as an incentive stock option within
the meaning of Section 422 of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

(t) Nonstatutory Stock Option
means an Option that by its terms does not qualify or is not intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. 

(u)
Officer means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

-4- 

(v) Option means a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan, provided
that all Options granted under the Plan will be Nonstatutory Stock Options. 

(w) Parent means a parent
corporation, whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Code Section 424(e). 

(x) Participant means
the holder of an outstanding Award. 

(y) Performance Share means an Award denominated in Shares which may be earned in
whole or in part upon attainment of performance goals or other vesting criteria as the Administrator may determine pursuant to Section 10. 

(z) Performance Award means an Award denominated in Shares or cash, which may be earned in whole or in part upon attainment
of performance goals or other vesting criteria as the Administrator may determine and which may be settled for cash, Shares or other securities or a combination of the foregoing pursuant to Section 10. 

(aa) Period of Restriction means the period (if any) during which the transfer of Shares of Restricted Stock are subject to
restrictions and therefore, the Shares are subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture. Such restrictions may be based on the passage of time, the achievement of target levels of performance, or the occurrence of other events as determined by the
Administrator. 

(bb) Plan means this ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2022 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan. 

(cc) Restricted Stock means Shares issued pursuant to a Restricted Stock award under Section 7 of the Plan, or issued
pursuant to the early exercise of an Option. 

(dd) Restricted Stock Unit means a bookkeeping entry representing an
amount equal to the Fair Market Value of one Share, granted pursuant to Section 8. Each Restricted Stock Unit represents an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 

(ee) Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 of the
Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect when discretion is being exercised with respect to the Plan. 

(ff) Section 16(b) means Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act. 

(gg) Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code, as it has been and may be amended from time to
time, and any proposed or final Treasury Regulations and Internal Revenue Service guidance that has been promulgated or may be promulgated thereunder from time to time, or any state law equivalent. 

(hh) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

(ii) Service Provider means an Employee, Director or Consultant. 

-5- 

(jj) Share means a share of the Common Stock, as adjusted in accordance
with Section 13 of the Plan. 

(kk) Stock Appreciation Right means an Award, granted alone or in connection with an
Option, that pursuant to Section 9 is designated as a Stock Appreciation Right. 

(ll) Subsidiary means a
subsidiary corporation, whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Code Section 424(f). 

(mm) Trading
Day means a day that the primary stock exchange, national market system, or other trading platform, as applicable, upon which the Common Stock is listed is open for trading. 

3. Stock Subject to the Plan. 

(a) Stock Subject to the Plan. Subject to the provisions of
Section 13 of the Plan, the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be issued under the Plan is 2,250,000 Shares. In addition, Shares may become available for issuance under the Plan pursuant to Sections 3(b). The Shares may be
authorized, but unissued, or reacquired Common Stock. 

(b) Lapsed Awards. If an Award expires or becomes unexercisable without
having been exercised in full, is surrendered pursuant to an Exchange Program, or, with respect to Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units or Performance Shares, is forfeited to or repurchased by the Company due to failure to
vest, then the unpurchased Shares (or for Awards other than Options or Stock Appreciation Rights, the forfeited or repurchased Shares), which were subject thereto will become available for future grant or sale under the Plan (unless the Plan has
terminated). With respect to Stock Appreciation Rights, only Shares actually issued (i.e., the net Shares issued) pursuant to a Stock Appreciation Right will cease to be available under the Plan; all remaining Shares under Stock Appreciation
Rights will remain available for future grant or sale under the Plan (unless the Plan has terminated). Shares that actually have been issued under the Plan under any Award will not be returned to the Plan and will not become available for future
distribution under the Plan; provided, however, that if Shares issued pursuant to Awards of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares or Performance Units are repurchased by the Company or are forfeited to the Company due to
failure to vest, such Shares will become available for future grant under the Plan. Shares used to pay the exercise price of an Award or to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to an Award will become available for future grant or sale
under the Plan. To the extent an Award under the Plan is paid out in cash rather than Shares, the cash payment will not result in reducing the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan. 

(c) Share Reserve. The Company, at all times during the term of this Plan, will reserve and keep available such number of Shares as
will be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan. 

-6- 

4. Administration of the Plan. 

(a) Procedure. 

(i)
Multiple Administrative Bodies. Different Committees with respect to different Employees or Participants may administer the Plan. 

(ii) Rule 16b-3. To the extent desirable to qualify transactions hereunder as exempt under
Rule 16b-3, the transactions contemplated hereunder will be structured to satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3.

(iii) Other Administration. Other than as provided above, the Plan will be administered by (A) the Board or (B) a Committee,
which committee will be constituted to satisfy Applicable Laws. Until and unless determined otherwise by the Board, the Compensation Committee of the Board will have full authority to act as Administrator. 

(iv) Approval. Awards granted under the Plan must be approved by a majority of the Companys Independent
Directors (as defined under the Nasdaq Listing Rules) or the Compensation Committee of the Board, in each case acting as the Administrator. 

(b) Powers of the Administrator. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, and in the case of a Committee, the specific duties delegated
by the Board to such Committee, the Administrator will have the authority, in its discretion, to: 

(i) determine the Fair Market Value;

(ii) select the individuals to whom Awards may be granted hereunder, subject to Section 5 (which Awards will be intended as a
material inducement to the individual becoming an Employee or to otherwise be permitted under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c) and the official guidance thereunder); 

(iii) determine the number of Shares to be covered by each Award granted hereunder; 

(iv) approve forms of Award Agreement for use under the Plan; 

(v) determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award granted hereunder. The terms and conditions
include, but are not limited to, the exercise price, the time or times when Awards may be exercised (which may be based on performance criteria), any vesting acceleration or waiver of forfeiture restrictions, and any restriction or limitation
regarding any Award or the Shares relating thereto, based in each case on such factors as the Administrator will determine; 

(vi)
institute and determine the terms and conditions of an Exchange Program; provided however, that no Exchange Program may be implemented without prior approval from the Companys stockholders; 

-7- 

(vii) prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan, including
rules and regulations relating to sub-plans established for the purpose of satisfying applicable non-U.S. laws or for qualifying for favorable tax treatment under
applicable non-U.S. laws; 

(viii) construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and Awards granted
under the Plan; 

(ix) modify or amend each Award (subject to Section 18(c) of the Plan), including without limitation the
discretionary authority to extend the post-termination exercisability period of Awards; provided, however, that in no event will the term of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right be extended beyond its original maximum term; 

(x) allow Participants to satisfy tax withholding obligations in a manner prescribed in Section 14 of the Plan; 

(xi) authorize any person to execute on behalf of the Company any instrument required to effect the grant of an Award previously granted by
the Administrator; 

(xii) temporarily suspend the exercisability of an Award if the Administrator deems such suspension to be necessary
or appropriate for administrative purposes; 

(xiii) allow a Participant to defer the receipt of the payment of cash or the delivery of
Shares that otherwise would be due to the Participant under an Award; and 

(xiv) make all other determinations deemed necessary or
advisable for administering the Plan. 

(c) Effect of Administrators Decision. The Administrators
decisions, determinations and interpretations will be final and binding on all Participants and any other holders of Awards and will be given the maximum deference permitted by Applicable Laws. 

5. Eligibility. Nonstatutory Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares and
Performance Units may be granted to Employees, so long as the following requirements are met: 

(a) The Employee was not previously an
Employee or Director, or the Employee is returning to employment of the Company following a bona-fide period of non-employment; and 

(b) The grant of an Award is an inducement material to the Employees entering into employment with the Company in accordance with the
Inducement Listing Rule. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Employee may be granted an Award in connection with a merger or acquisition to
the extent permitted by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(3) and the official guidance thereunder. 

-8- 

6. Stock Options. 

(a) Grant of Options. The Administrator, in its sole discretion and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, may grant Options
to any individual as a material inducement to the individual becoming an Employee or as otherwise permitted under Section 5 in connection with a merger or acquisition, in each case, which grant shall become effective only if the individual
actually becomes an Employee. Subject to this Section 6 and the other terms and conditions of the Plan, the Administrator will have complete discretion to determine the number of Shares covered by an Option granted to any Employee. Each Option
shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement (which may be in electronic form) that shall specify the exercise price, the expiration date of the Option, the number of Shares covered by the Option, any conditions to exercise the Option, and such other
terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its discretion, shall determine. 

(b) Stock Option Agreement. Each Award of an Option
will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the exercise price, the number of Shares subject to the Option, the exercise restrictions, if any, applicable to the Option, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its
sole discretion, will determine.

(c) Term of Option. The term of each Option will be stated in the Award Agreement,
provided, however, that the term will be no more than ten (10) years from the date of grant. 

(d) Option Exercise Price and
Consideration. 

(i) Exercise Price. The per share exercise price for the Shares to be issued pursuant to exercise of an Option
will be determined by the Administrator, subject to the following: 

(1) The per Share exercise price will be no less than one hundred
percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant. 

(2) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Options may be granted
with a per Share exercise price of less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant pursuant to a transaction described in, and in a manner consistent with, Section 424(a) of the Code. 

(ii) Waiting Period and Exercise Dates. At the time an Option is granted, the Administrator will fix the period within which the
Option may be exercised and will determine any conditions that must be satisfied before the Option may be exercised. 

(iii) Form of
Consideration. The Administrator will determine the acceptable form of consideration for exercising an Option, including the method of payment. Such consideration may consist entirely of: (1) cash; (2) check; (3) promissory note,
to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws, (4) other Shares, provided that such Shares have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which such Option will be exercised and provided
that accepting such Shares will not result in any adverse accounting consequences to the Company, as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion; (5) consideration received by the Company under a broker-assisted (or other) cashless
exercise program (whether through a broker or otherwise) implemented by the Company in connection with the Plan; (6) by net exercise; (7) such other consideration and method of payment for the issuance of Shares to the extent
permitted by Applicable Laws; or (8) any combination of the foregoing methods of payment. 

-9- 

(e) Exercise of Option. 

(i) Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Stockholder. Any Option granted hereunder will be exercisable according to the terms of the
Plan and at such times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement. An Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share. 

An Option will be deemed exercised when the Company receives: (i) notice of exercise (in accordance with the procedures that the
Administrator may specify from time to time) from the person entitled to exercise the Option, and (ii) full payment for the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised (together with any applicable tax withholdings). Full payment
may consist of any consideration and method of payment authorized by the Administrator and permitted by the Award Agreement and the Plan. Shares issued upon exercise of an Option will be issued in the name of the Participant or, if requested by the
Participant, in the name of the Participant and his or her spouse. Until the Shares are issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive
dividends or any other rights as a stockholder will exist with respect to the Shares subject to an Option, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Company will issue (or cause to be issued) such Shares promptly after the Option is
exercised. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, except as provided in Section 13 of the Plan. 

Exercising an Option in any manner will decrease the number of Shares thereafter available, both for purposes of the Plan and for sale under
the Option, by the number of Shares as to which the Option is exercised. 

(ii) Termination of Relationship as a Service Provider.
If a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider, other than upon the cessation of the Participants Service Provider status as the result of the Participants death or Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option within such
period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement to the extent that the Option is vested on the date of cessation of the Participants Service Provider status (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set
forth in the Award Agreement). In the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement, the Option will remain exercisable for three (3) months following cessation of the Participants Service Provider status. Unless otherwise provided
by the Administrator, if on the date of cessation of the Participants Service Provider status the Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option will revert to the Plan. If,
after cessation of the Participants Service Provider status, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified by the Administrator, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option will revert to
the Plan. 

-10- 

(iii) Disability of Participant. If a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider as
a result of the Participants Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option within such period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement to the extent the Option is vested on the date of cessation of the Participants
Service Provider status (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement). In the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement, the Option will remain exercisable for twelve
(12) months following cessation of the Participants Service Provider status. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if on the date of cessation of the Participants Service Provider status the Participant is not vested as to
his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option will revert to the Plan. If, after cessation of the Participants Service Provider status, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option within the time
specified herein, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan. 

(iv) Death of
Participant. If a Participant dies while a Service Provider, the Option may be exercised following the Participants death within such period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement to the extent that the Option is vested on the date
of death (but in no event may the Option be exercised later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement), by the Participants designated beneficiary, provided such beneficiary has been designated prior to
the Participants death in a form acceptable to the Administrator. If no such beneficiary has been designated by the Participant, then such Option may be exercised by the personal representative of the Participants estate or by the
person(s) to whom the Option is transferred pursuant to the Participants will or in accordance with the laws of descent and distribution. In the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement, the Option will remain exercisable for
twelve (12) months following the Participants death. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if at the time of death, the Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the
Option will immediately revert to the Plan. If the Option is not so exercised within the time specified herein, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan. 

(v) Tolling Expiration. A Participants Award Agreement may also provide that: 

(1) if the exercise of the Option following the cessation of the Participants status as a Service Provider (other than upon the
Participants death or Disability) would result in liability under Section 16(b), then the Option will terminate on the earlier of (A) the expiration of the term of the Option set forth in the Award Agreement, or (B) the tenth
(10th) day after the last date on which such exercise would result in liability under Section 16(b); or 

(2) if the exercise of the Option following the cessation of the Participants status as a Service Provider (other than upon the
Participants death or Disability) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of Shares would violate the registration requirements under the Securities Act, then the Option will terminate on the earlier of (A) the
expiration of the term of the Option or (B) the expiration of a period of thirty (30) days after the cessation of the Participants status as a Service Provider during which the exercise of the Option would not be in violation of such
registration requirements. 

-11- 

7. Restricted Stock. 

(a) Grant of Restricted Stock. Subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan, the Administrator, at any time and from time to time,
may grant Shares of Restricted Stock to any individual as a material inducement to the individual becoming an Employee or as otherwise permitted under Section 5 in connection with a merger of acquisition, in each case, which grant shall become
effective only if the individual actually becomes an Employee, in such amounts as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. 

(b) Restricted Stock Agreement. Each Award of Restricted Stock will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify any Period of
Restriction, the number of Shares granted, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. Unless the Administrator determines otherwise, the Company as escrow agent will hold Shares of Restricted
Stock until the restrictions on such Shares have lapsed. 

(c) Transferability. Except as provided in this Section 7 or the
Award Agreement, Shares of Restricted Stock may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated until the end of any applicable Period of Restriction. 

(d) Other Restrictions. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may impose such other restrictions on Shares of Restricted Stock as
it may deem advisable or appropriate. 

(e) Removal of Restrictions. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 7, Shares of
Restricted Stock covered by each Restricted Stock grant made under the Plan will be released from escrow as soon as practicable after the last day of any applicable Period of Restriction or at such other time as the Administrator may determine. The
Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed. 

(f) Voting Rights.
During any applicable Period of Restriction, Participants holding Shares of Restricted Stock granted hereunder may exercise full voting rights with respect to those Shares, unless the Administrator determines otherwise. 

(g) Dividends and Other Distributions. During any applicable Period of Restriction, Participants holding Shares of Restricted Stock
will not be entitled to receive all dividends and other distributions paid with respect to such Shares, unless the Administrator provides otherwise. 

(h) Return of Restricted Stock to Company. On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, the Restricted Stock for which restrictions
have not lapsed will revert to the Company and again will become available for grant under the Plan. 

-12- 

8. Restricted Stock Units. 

(a) Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, Restricted Stock Units may be granted at any time and from time to time as
determined by the Administrator to any individual as a material inducement to the individual becoming an Employee or as otherwise permitted under Section 5 in connection with a merger of acquisition, in each case, which grant shall become
effective only if the individual actually becomes an Employee. After the Administrator determines that it will grant Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, it will advise the Participant in an Award Agreement of the terms, conditions, and
restrictions related to the grant, including the number of Restricted Stock Units. 

(b) Vesting Criteria and Other Terms. The
Administrator will set vesting criteria in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to which the criteria are met, will determine the number of Restricted Stock Units that will be paid out to the Participant. The Administrator may set vesting
criteria based upon the achievement of Company-wide, divisional, business unit, or individual goals (including, but not limited to, continued employment or service), applicable federal or state securities laws or any other basis determined by the
Administrator in its discretion. 

(c) Earning Restricted Stock Units. Upon meeting the applicable vesting criteria, the Participant
will be entitled to receive a payout as determined by the Administrator. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time after the grant of Restricted Stock Units, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any vesting criteria that
must be met to receive a payout. 

(d) Form and Timing of Payment. Payment of earned Restricted Stock Units will be made as soon as
practicable after the date(s) determined by the Administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may settle earned Restricted Stock Units only in cash, Shares, or a combination of both. 

(e) Cancellation. On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, all unearned Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited to the Company.

9. Stock Appreciation Rights. 

(a) Grant of Stock Appreciation Rights. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, a Stock Appreciation Right may be granted to
any individual as a material inducement to the individual becoming an Employee or as otherwise permitted under Section 5 in connection with a merger or acquisition, in each case, which grant shall become effective only if the individual
actually becomes an Employee, at any time and from time to time as will be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. 

(b)
Number of Shares. The Administrator will have complete discretion to determine the number of Stock Appreciation Rights granted to any Employee. 

(c) Exercise Price and Other Terms. The per share exercise price for the Shares to be issued pursuant to exercise of a Stock
Appreciation Right will be determined by the Administrator and will be no less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant. Otherwise, the Administrator, subject to the provisions of the Plan, will
have complete discretion to determine the terms and conditions of Stock Appreciation Rights granted under the Plan. 

-13- 

(d) Stock Appreciation Right Agreement. Each Stock Appreciation Right grant will be
evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the exercise price, the term of the Stock Appreciation Right, the conditions of exercise, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. 

(e) Expiration of Stock Appreciation Rights. A Stock Appreciation Right granted under the Plan will expire upon the date as determined
by the Administrator, in its sole discretion, and set forth in the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the rules of Section 6(d) relating to the maximum term and Section 6(e) relating to exercise also will apply to
Stock Appreciation Rights. 

(f) Payment of Stock Appreciation Right Amount. Upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right, a
Participant will be entitled to receive payment from the Company in an amount determined as the product of: 

(i) The difference between
the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the exercise price; and 

(ii) The number of Shares with respect to which
the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised. 

At the discretion of the Administrator, the payment upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation
Right may be in cash, in Shares of equivalent value, or in some combination of both. 

10. Performance Units and Performance Shares.

(a) Grant of Performance Units/Shares. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, Performance Units and Performance Shares
may be granted to any individual as a material inducement to the individual becoming an Employee, which grant shall become effective only if the individual actually becomes an Employee or as otherwise permitted under Section 5 in connection
with a merger or acquisition, in each case, at any time and from time to time, as will be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. The Administrator will have complete discretion in determining the number of Performance Units and
Performance Shares granted to each Participant. 

(b) Value of Performance Units/Shares. Each Performance Unit will have an initial
value that is established by the Administrator on or before the date of grant. Each Performance Share will have an initial value equal to the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant. 

(c) Performance Objectives and Other Terms. The Administrator will set performance objectives or other vesting provisions (including,
without limitation, continued status as a Participants) in its discretion which, depending on the extent to which they are met, will determine the number or value of Performance Units/Shares that will be paid out to the Service Providers. The
time period during which the performance objectives or other vesting provisions must be met will be called the Performance Period. Each Award of Performance Units/Shares will be evidenced by an

-14- 

Award Agreement that will specify the Performance Period, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. The Administrator may set performance
objectives based upon the achievement of Company-wide, divisional, business unit or individual goals (including, but not limited to, continued employment or service), applicable federal or state securities laws, or any other basis determined by the
Administrator in its discretion. 

(d) Earning of Performance Units/Shares. After the applicable Performance Period has ended, the
holder of Performance Units/Shares will be entitled to receive a payout of the number of Performance Units/Shares earned by the Participant over the Performance Period, to be determined as a function of the extent to which the corresponding
performance objectives or other vesting provisions have been achieved. After the grant of a Performance Unit/Share, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any performance objectives or other vesting provisions for such
Performance Unit/Share. 

(e) Form and Timing of Payment of Performance Units/Shares. Payment of earned Performance Units/Shares
will be made as soon as practicable after the expiration of the applicable Performance Period. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may pay earned Performance Units/Shares in the form of cash, in Shares (which have an aggregate Fair Market
Value equal to the value of the earned Performance Units/Shares at the close of the applicable Performance Period) or in a combination thereof. 

(f) Cancellation of Performance Units/Shares. On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, all unearned or unvested Performance
Units/Shares will be forfeited to the Company, and again will be available for grant under the Plan. 

11. Leaves of Absence/Transfer
Between Locations. Unless the Administrator provides otherwise, vesting of Awards granted hereunder will be suspended during any unpaid leave of absence. A Participant will not cease to be an Employee in the case of (i) any leave of absence
approved by the Company or (ii) transfers between locations of the Company or between the Company, its Parent, or any of its Subsidiaries. 

12. Transferability of Awards. Unless determined otherwise by the Administrator, an Award may not be sold, pledged, assigned,
hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and may be exercised, during the lifetime of the Participant, only by the Participant. If the Administrator makes an Award
transferable, such Award will contain such additional terms and conditions as the Administrator deems appropriate. 

13. Adjustments;
Dissolution or Liquidation; Merger or Change in Control. 

(a) Adjustments. In the event that any extraordinary dividend or
other extraordinary distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other securities, or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up,spin-off, combination, reclassification, repurchase, or exchange of Shares or other securities of the Company, or other change in the corporate structure of the Company affecting the Shares occurs (other than
any ordinary dividends or other ordinary distributions), the Administrator, in order to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan, will adjust the number and class of shares
of stock that may be delivered under the Plan and/or the number, class, and price of shares of stock covered by each outstanding Award, and the numerical Share limits in Section 3 of the Plan. 

-15- 

(b) Dissolution or Liquidation. In the event of a proposed dissolution or liquidation
of the Company, the Administrator will notify each Participant as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such proposed transaction. To the extent it has not been previously exercised, an Award will terminate immediately prior to the
consummation of such proposed action. 

(c) Merger or Change in Control. In the event of a merger of the Company with or into
another corporation or other entity or a Change in Control, each outstanding Award will be treated as the Administrator determines (subject to the provisions of the following paragraph) without a Participants consent, including, without
limitation, that (i) Awards will be assumed, or substantially equivalent awards will be substituted, by the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof) with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and
prices; (ii) upon written notice to a Participant, that the Participants Awards will terminate upon or immediately prior to the consummation of such merger or Change in Control; (iii) outstanding Awards will vest and become
exercisable, realizable, or payable, or restrictions applicable to an Award will lapse, in whole or in part prior to or upon consummation of such merger or Change in Control, and, to the extent the Administrator determines, terminate upon or
immediately prior to the effectiveness of such merger or Change in Control; (iv) (A) the termination of an Award in exchange for an amount of cash and/or property, if any, equal to the amount that would have been attained upon the exercise of
such Award or realization of the Participants rights as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction (and, for the avoidance of doubt, if as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction the Administrator determines in good faith that
no amount would have been attained upon the exercise of such Award or realization of the Participants rights, then such Award may be terminated by the Company without payment), or (B) the replacement of such Award with other rights or
property selected by the Administrator in its sole discretion; or (v) any combination of the foregoing. In taking any of the actions permitted under this Section 13(c), the Administrator will not be obligated to treat all Awards, all
Awards held by a Participant, all Awards of the same type, or all portions of Awards, similarly. 

In the event that the successor
corporation does not assume or substitute for the Award (or portion thereof), the Participant will fully vest in and have the right to exercise the Participants outstanding Option and Stock Appreciation Right (or portion thereof) that is not
assumed or substituted for, including Shares as to which such Award would not otherwise be vested or exercisable, all restrictions on Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares and Performance Units (or portions thereof) not
assumed or substituted for will lapse, and, with respect to such Awards with performance-based vesting (or portions thereof) not assumed or substituted for, all performance goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at one hundred
percent (100%) of target levels and all other terms and conditions met, in each case, unless specifically provided otherwise under the applicable Award Agreement or other written agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable. In addition, if an Option or Stock Appreciation Right (or portion thereof) is not assumed or substituted for in the event of a merger or Change in Control, the Administrator will notify the Participant in
writing or electronically that such Option or Stock Appreciation Right (or its applicable portion) will be exercisable for a period of time determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion, and the Option or Stock Appreciation Right (or its
applicable portion) will terminate upon the expiration of such period. 

-16- 

For the purposes of this subsection (c), an Award will be considered assumed if, following
the merger or Change in Control, the Award confers the right to purchase or receive, for each Share subject to the Award immediately prior to the merger or Change in Control, the consideration (whether stock, cash, or other securities or
property) received in the merger or Change in Control by holders of Common Stock for each Share held on the effective date of the transaction (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the
holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares); provided, however, that if such consideration received in the merger or Change in Control is not solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent, the Administrator may, with the
consent of the successor corporation, provide for the consideration to be received upon the exercise of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right or upon the payout of a Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Unit or Performance Share, for each Share
subject to such Award, to be solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent equal in fair market value to the per share consideration received by holders of Common Stock in the merger or Change in Control. 

Notwithstanding anything in this subsection (c) to the contrary, and unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement or other written
agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable, an Award that vests, is earned or paid-out upon the satisfaction of one or more performance goals will
not be considered assumed if the Company or its successor modifies any of such performance goals without the Participants consent; provided, however, a modification to such performance goals only to reflect the successor corporations
post-Change in Control corporate structure will not be deemed to invalidate an otherwise valid Award assumption. 

Notwithstanding anything
in this subsection (c) to the contrary, if a payment under an Award Agreement is subject to Section 409A and if the change in control definition contained in the Award Agreement or other written agreement related to the Award does not
comply with the definition of change in control for purposes of a distribution under Section 409A, then any payment of an amount that otherwise is accelerated under this Section will be delayed until the earliest time that such
payment would be permissible under Section 409A without triggering any penalties applicable under Section 409A. 

(d) Outside
Director Awards. With respect to Awards granted to an Outside Director, in the event of a Change in Control, the Participant will fully vest in and have the right to exercise Options and/or Stock Appreciation Rights as to all of the Shares
underlying such Award, including those Shares which would not be vested or exercisable, all restrictions on Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units will lapse, and, with respect to Awards with performance-based vesting, all performance goals or
other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at one hundred percent (100%) of target levels and all other terms and conditions met, unless specifically provided otherwise under the applicable Award Agreement or other written agreement between the
Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable. 

-17- 

14. Tax. 

(a) Withholding Requirements. Prior to the delivery of any Shares or cash pursuant to an Award (or exercise thereof) or such
earlier time as any tax withholding obligations are due, the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries, Parents or affiliates employing or retaining the services of a Participant, as applicable) will have the power and the right to deduct or withhold, or
require a Participant to remit to the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries, Parents or affiliates, as applicable), an amount sufficient to satisfy U.S. federal, state, and local, non-U.S., and other taxes
(including the Participants FICA obligation) required to be withheld with respect to such Award (or exercise thereof). 

(b)
Withholding Arrangements. The Administrator, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time, may permit a Participant to satisfy such tax withholding obligation, in whole or in part by (without
limitation) (i) paying cash, check or other cash equivalents, (ii) electing to have the Company withhold otherwise deliverable cash or Shares having a fair market value equal to the minimum statutory amount required to be withheld or
such greater amount as the Administrator may determine if such amount would not have adverse accounting consequences, as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion, (iii) delivering to the Company already-owned Shares having a fair
market value equal to the statutory amount required to be withheld or such greater amount as the Administrator may determine, in each case, provided the delivery of such Shares will not result in any adverse accounting consequences, as the
Administrator determines in its sole discretion, (iv) selling a sufficient number of Shares otherwise deliverable to the Participant through such means as the Administrator may determine in its sole discretion (whether through a broker or
otherwise) equal to the amount required to be withheld, or (v) any combination of the foregoing methods of payment. The withholding amount will be deemed to include any amount which the Administrator agrees may be withheld at the time the
election is made, not to exceed the amount determined by using the maximum federal, state or local marginal income tax rates applicable to the Participant with respect to the Award on the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be
determined or such greater amount as the Administrator may determine if such amount would not have adverse accounting consequences, as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion. The fair market value of the Shares to be withheld or
delivered will be determined as of the date that the taxes are required to be withheld. 

(c) Compliance With
Section 409A. Awards will be designed and operated in such a manner that they are either exempt from the application of, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A such that the grant, payment, settlement or
deferral will not be subject to the additional tax or interest applicable under Section 409A, except as otherwise determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator. The Plan and each Award Agreement under the Plan is intended to meet
the requirements of Section 409A and will be construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent, except as otherwise determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator. To the extent that an Award or payment, or the settlement or
deferral thereof, is subject to Section 409A the Award will be granted, paid, settled or deferred in a manner that will meet the requirements of Section 409A, such that the grant, payment, settlement or deferral will not be subject to the
additional tax or interest applicable under Section 409A. In no event will the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parents have any obligation or liability under the terms of this Plan to reimburse, indemnify, or hold harmless any Participant
or any other person in respect of Awards, for any taxes, interest or penalties imposed, or other costs incurred, as a result of Section 409A. 

-18- 

15. No Effect on Employment or Service. Neither the Plan nor any Award will confer
upon a Participant any right with respect to continuing the Participants relationship as a Service Provider, nor interfere in any way with the Participants right or the right of the Company and its Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable,
to terminate such relationship at any time, with or without cause, to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws. 

16. Date of Grant.
The date of grant of an Award will be, for all purposes, the date on which the Administrator makes the determination granting such Award, or such other later date as is determined by the Administrator. Notice of the determination will be provided to
each Participant within a reasonable time after the date of such grant. 

17. Term of Plan. The Plan will become effective upon its
adoption by the Board or its (designated committee). It will continue in effect for a term of ten (10) years from the date adopted by the Board, unless terminated earlier under Section 18of the Plan. 

18. Amendment and Termination of the Plan. 

(a) Amendment and Termination. The Administrator, at any time, may amend, alter, suspend or terminate the Plan. 

(b) Stockholder Approval. The Company will obtain stockholder approval of any Plan amendment to the extent necessary and desirable to
comply with Applicable Laws. 

(c) Effect of Amendment or Termination. No amendment, alteration, suspension or termination of the
Plan will materially impair the rights of any Participant, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Participant and the Administrator, which agreement must be in writing and signed by the Participant and the Company. Termination of the Plan will
not affect the Administrators ability to exercise the powers granted to it hereunder with respect to Awards granted under the Plan prior to the date of such termination. 

19. Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares. 

(a) Legal Compliance. Shares will not be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Award unless the exercise of such Award and the issuance
and delivery of such Shares will comply with Applicable Laws and will be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance. 

(b) Investment Representations. As a condition to the exercise of an Award, the Company may require the person exercising such Award to
represent and warrant at the time of any such exercise that the Shares are being purchased only for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a representation
is required. 

20. Inability to Obtain Authority. The inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory body having
jurisdiction or to complete or comply with the requirements of any registration or other qualification of the Shares under any U.S. state or federal law or non-U.S. law or under the rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission, the stock exchange on which Shares of the same class are then listed, or any other governmental or regulatory body, which authority, registration, qualification or rule compliance is deemed by the
Companys counsel to be necessary or advisable for the issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, will relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority,
registration, qualification or rule compliance will not have been obtained. 

-19- 

21. Forfeiture Events. The Administrator may specify in an Award Agreement that the
Participants rights, payments, and benefits with respect to an Award will be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, recoupment, reimbursement, or reacquisition upon the occurrence of certain specified events, in addition to any
otherwise applicable vesting or performance conditions of an Award. Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary under this Plan, an Award will be subject to the Companys clawback policy as may be established and/or amended from time to time
to comply with Applicable Laws (including without limitation pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which the Companys securities are listed or as may be required by the Dodd-Frank wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act) (the Clawback Policy). The Administrator may require a Participant to forfeit, return or reimburse the Company all or a portion of the
Award and any amounts paid thereunder pursuant to the terms of the Clawback Policy or as necessary or appropriate to comply with Applicable Laws. Unless this Section 21 specifically is mentioned and waived in an Award Agreement or other
document, no recovery of compensation under a Clawback Policy or otherwise will constitute an event that triggers or contributes to any right of a Participant to resign for good reason or constructive termination (or similar
term) under any agreement with the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. 

* * * 

-20- 

ORIC PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

2022 INDUCEMENT EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Amended and Restated 2022 Inducment Equity Incentive Plan
(the Plan) will have the same defined meanings in this Stock Option Agreement, which includes the Notice of Stock Option Grant (the Notice of Grant), the Terms and Conditions of Stock Option Grant attached hereto as
Exhibit A, the Exercise Notice attached hereto as Exhibit B, and all other exhibits and appendices attached hereto (all together, the Option Agreement). 

NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION GRANT 

Participant: 

Address: 

The
undersigned Participant has been granted an Option to purchase Common Stock of ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company), subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement, as follows: 

Grant Number: 

Date of Grant: 

Vesting Commencement Date: 

Number of Shares Granted: 

Exercise Price per Share (in U.S. Dollars): $

Total Exercise Price (in U.S. Dollars): $

Type of Option: Nonstatutory Stock Option

Term/Expiration Date: 

Vesting Schedule: 

Subject to accelerated vesting as set forth below or in the Plan, this Option will be exercisable, in whole or
in part, in accordance with the following schedule: 

[Twenty-five percent (25%) of the Shares subject to the Option shall vest on the one
(1) year anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date, and one forty-eighth (1/48th) of the Shares subject to the Option shall vest each month thereafter on the same day of the month as the
Vesting Commencement Date (and if there is no corresponding day, on the last day of the month), subject to Participant continuing to be a Service Provider through each such date.]

Termination Period: 

This Option will be exercisable for three (3) months after Participant ceases to be a Service Provider, unless such termination is due to
Participants death or Disability, in which case this Option will be exercisable for twelve (12) months after Participant ceases to be a Service Provider. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, in no event may this Option be exercised
after the Term/Expiration Date as provided above and this Option may be subject to earlier termination as provided in Section 13 of the Plan. 

- 2 - 

By Participants signature and the signature of the representative of the Company
below, Participant and the Company agree that this Option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement, including the Terms and Conditions of Stock Option Grant, attached hereto as Exhibit A,
all of which are made a part of this document. Participant acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan. Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Option Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to
executing this Option Agreement, and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive, and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any
questions relating to the Plan and the Option Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated below. 

PARTICIPANT ORIC PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Signature Signature

Print Name Print Name

Title

Address: 

- 3 - 

EXHIBIT A 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STOCK OPTION GRANT 

1. Grant of Option. 

(a) The Company hereby grants to the individual (Participant) named in the Notice of Stock Option Grant of this Option
Agreement (the Notice of Grant) an option (the Option) to purchase the number of Shares set forth in the Notice of Grant, at the exercise price per Share set forth in the Notice of Grant (the Exercise Price),
subject to all of the terms and conditions in this Option Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by this reference. Subject to Section 18(c) of the Plan, in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and
the terms and conditions of this Option Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan will prevail. 

2. Vesting Schedule.
Except as provided in Section 3, the Option awarded by this Option Agreement will vest in accordance with the vesting provisions set forth in the Notice of Grant. Shares subject to this Option that are scheduled to vest on a certain date or
upon the occurrence of a certain condition will not vest in accordance with any of the provisions of this Option Agreement, unless Participant will have been continuously a Service Provider from the Date of Grant until the date such vesting occurs.

3. Administrator Discretion. The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the vesting of the balance, or some lesser
portion of the balance, of the unvested Option at any time, subject to the terms of the Plan. If so accelerated, such Option will be considered as having vested as of the date specified by the Administrator. 

4. Exercise of Option. 

(a) Right to Exercise. This Option may be exercised only within the term set out in the Notice of Grant, and may be exercised
during such term only in accordance with the Plan and the terms of this Option Agreement. 

(b) Method of Exercise. This
Option is exercisable by delivery of an exercise notice (the Exercise Notice) in the form attached as Exhibit B to the Notice of Grant or in a manner and pursuant to such procedures as the Administrator may determine, which will
state the election to exercise the Option, the number of Shares in respect of which the Option is being exercised (the Exercised Shares), and such other representations and agreements as may be required by the Company pursuant to the
provisions of the Plan. The Exercise Notice will be completed by Participant and delivered to the Company. The Exercise Notice will be accompanied by payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as to all Exercised Shares and of any Tax Obligations (as
defined in Section 6(a)). This Option will be deemed to be exercised upon receipt by the Company of such fully executed Exercise Notice accompanied by the aggregate Exercise Price. 

5. Method of Payment. Payment of the aggregate Exercise Price will be by any of
the following, or a combination thereof, at the election of Participant: 

(a) cash in U.S. dollars; 

(b) check designated in U.S. dollars; 

(c) consideration received by the Company under a formal cashless exercise program adopted by the Company in connection with the Plan;
or 

(d) surrender of other Shares which have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate Exercise Price of
the Exercised Shares and that are owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances, or security interests, provided that accepting such Shares, in the sole discretion of the Administrator, will not result in any adverse accounting
consequences to the Company. 

6. Tax Obligations. 

(a) Responsibility for Taxes. Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different,
Participants employer (the Employer) or Parent or Subsidiary to which Participant is providing services (together, the Company, Employer and/or Parent or Subsidiary to which the Participant is providing services, the Service
Recipient), the ultimate liability for any tax and/or social insurance liability obligations and requirements in connection with the Option, including, without limitation, (i) all federal, state, and local taxes (including the
Participants Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA) obligation) that are required to be withheld by the Company or the Service Recipient or other payment of tax-related items related to
Participants participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Participant, (ii) the Participants and, to the extent required by the Company (or Service Recipient), the Companys (or Service Recipients) fringe benefit
tax liability, if any, associated with the grant, vesting, or exercise of the Option or sale of Shares, and (iii) any other Company (or Service Recipient) taxes the responsibility for which the Participant has, or has agreed to bear, with
respect to the Option (or exercise thereof or issuance of Shares thereunder) (collectively, the Tax Obligations), is and remains Participants responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Service
Recipient. Participant further acknowledges that the Company and/or the Service Recipient (A) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax Obligations in connection with any aspect of the Option, including, but not
limited to, the grant, vesting or exercise of the Option, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such exercise and the receipt of any dividends or other distributions, and (B) do not commit to and are under no obligation to
structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate Participants liability for Tax Obligations or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Participant is subject to Tax Obligations in more than one
jurisdiction between the Date of Grant and the date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant acknowledges that the Company and/or the Service Recipient (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to
withhold or account for Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction. If Participant fails to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of any required Tax Obligations hereunder at the time of the applicable taxable event, Participant
acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares. 

- 2 - 

(b) Tax Withholding. When the Option is exercised, Participant generally will
recognize immediate U.S. taxable income if Participant is a U.S. taxpayer. If Participant is a non-U.S. taxpayer, Participant will be subject to applicable taxes in his or her jurisdiction. Pursuant to such
procedures as the Administrator may specify from time to time, the Company and/or Service Recipient shall withhold the amount required to be withheld for the payment of Tax Obligations. The Administrator, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such
procedures as it may specify from time to time, may permit Participant to satisfy such Tax Obligations, in whole or in part (without limitation), if permissible by applicable local law, by (i) paying cash, (ii) electing to have the Company
withhold otherwise deliverable Shares having a fair market value equal to the minimum amount that is necessary to meet the withholding requirement for such Tax Obligations (or such greater amount as Participant may elect if permitted by the
Administrator, if such greater amount would not result in adverse financial accounting consequences), (iii) withholding the amount of such Tax Obligations from Participants wages or other cash compensation paid to Participant by the Company
and/or the Service Recipient, (iv) delivering to the Company already vested and owned Shares having a fair market value equal to such Tax Obligations, or (v) selling a sufficient number of such Shares otherwise deliverable to Participant
through such means as the Company may determine in its sole discretion (whether through a broker or otherwise) equal to the minimum amount that is necessary to meet the withholding requirement for such Tax Obligations (or such greater amount as
Participant may elect if permitted by the Administrator, if such greater amount would not result in adverse financial accounting consequences). To the extent determined appropriate by the Company in its discretion, it will have the right (but not
the obligation) to satisfy any Tax Obligations by reducing the number of Shares otherwise deliverable to Participant. Further, if Participant is subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the Date of Grant and a date of any relevant
taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company and/or the Service Recipient (and/or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for tax in more than one jurisdiction.
If Participant fails to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of any required Tax Obligations hereunder at the time of the Option exercise, Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to honor the exercise and refuse to
deliver the Shares if such amounts are not delivered at the time of exercise. 

(c) Code Section 409A.
Under Code Section 409A, a stock right (such as the Option) that vests after December 31, 2004 (or that vested on or prior to such date but which was materially modified after October 3, 2004) that was granted with a per share
exercise price that is determined by the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS) to be less than the fair market value of an underlying share on the date of grant (a discount option) may be considered deferred
compensation. A stock right that is a discount option may result in (i) income recognition by the recipient of the stock right prior to the exercise of the stock right, (ii) an additional twenty percent (20%) federal
income tax, and (iii) potential penalty and interest charges. The discount option may also result in additional state income, penalty and interest tax to the recipient of the stock right. Participant acknowledges that the Company
cannot and has not guaranteed that the IRS will agree that the per Share exercise price of this Option equals or exceeds the fair market value of a Share on the date of grant in a later examination. Participant agrees that if the IRS determines that
the Option was granted with a per Share exercise price that was less than the fair market value of a Share on the date of grant, Participant shall be solely responsible for Participants costs related to such a determination. 

- 3 - 

7. Rights as Stockholder. Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or
through Participant will have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares (which may be in book entry form) will have been
issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to Participant (including through electronic delivery to a brokerage account). After such issuance, recordation, and delivery, Participant will have
all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to voting such Shares and receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares. 

8. No Guarantee of Continued Service. PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF SHARES PURSUANT TO THE VESTING
SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER, WHICH UNLESS PROVIDED OTHERWISE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW IS AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (OR THE SERVICE RECIPIENT) AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS OPTION OR
ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS OPTION AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED
ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH PARTICIPANTS RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY (OR THE SERVICE RECIPIENT) TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANTS RELATIONSHIP
AS A SERVICE PROVIDER, SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW, WHICH TERMINATION, UNLESS PROVIDED OTHERWISE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, MAY BE AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE. 

9. Nature of Grant. In accepting the Option, Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that: 

(a) the grant of the Option is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of
options, or benefits in lieu of options, even if options have been granted in the past; 

(b) all decisions with respect to future
option or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company; 

(c) Participant is voluntarily participating in the
Plan; 

(d) the Option and any Shares acquired under the Plan are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation; 

(e) the Option and Shares acquired under the Plan and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for
purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or
welfare benefits or similar payments; 

- 4 - 

(f) the future value of the Shares underlying the Option is unknown, indeterminable,
and cannot be predicted with certainty; 

(g) if the underlying Shares do not increase in value, the Option will have no value; 

(h) if Participant exercises the Option and acquires Shares, the value of such Shares may increase or decrease in value, even below the
Exercise Price; 

(i) for purposes of the Option, Participants engagement as a Service Provider will be considered terminated
as of the date Participant is no longer actively providing services to the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the
jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of Participants employment or service agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Option Agreement (including by reference in the Notice of Grant to
other arrangements or contracts) or determined by the Administrator, (i) Participants right to vest in the Option under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g.,
Participants period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or
Participants employment or service agreement, if any, unless Participant is providing bona fide services during such time); and (ii) the period (if any) during which Participant may exercise the Option after such termination of
Participants engagement as a Service Provider will commence on the date Participant ceases to actively provide services and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is
employed or terms of Participants engagement agreement, if any; the Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when Participant is no longer actively providing services for purposes of his or her Option grant (including
whether Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence and consistent with local law);

(j) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Option and the benefits evidenced by this Option
Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Option or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Shares; and

(k) the following provisions apply only if Participant is providing services outside the United States: 

(i) the Option and the Shares subject to the Option are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose; 

(ii) Participant acknowledges and agrees that no Service Recipient shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between
Participants local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Option or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon exercise; and 

- 5 - 

(iii) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture
of the Option resulting from the termination of Participants engagement as a Service Provider (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a
Service Provider or the terms of Participants employment or service agreement, if any), and in consideration of the grant of the Option to which Participant is otherwise not entitled, Participant irrevocably agrees never to institute any claim
against any Service Recipient, waives his or her ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and releases each Service Recipient from any such claim; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction,
then, by participating in the Plan, Participant shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agrees to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claim. 

10. No Advice Regarding Grant. The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any
recommendations regarding Participants participation in the Plan, or Participants acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. Participant is hereby advised to consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors
regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 

11. Data Privacy.
Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Participants personal data as described in this Option Agreement and any other Option grant materials by and
among, as applicable, the Employer or other Service Recipient, the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participants participation in the Plan. 

Participant understands that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about Participant, including, but not
limited to, Participants name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Options or
any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participants favor (Data), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 

Participant understands that Data will be transferred to a stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future,
which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration, and management of the Plan. Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country of
operation (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participants country. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names and
addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting his or her local People representative. Participant authorizes the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing,
administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer 

- 6 - 

the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing Participants participation in the Plan. Participant understands that Data will be
held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Participants participation in the Plan. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data, request
additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing his or her local People representative. Further,
Participant understands that he or she is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Participant does not consent, or if Participant later seeks to revoke his or her consent, his or her engagement as a Service Provider and career
with the Employer will not be adversely affected; the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing Participants consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Participant Options or other equity awards or administer or maintain
such awards. Therefore, Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Participants ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Participants refusal to consent or
withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that he or she may contact his or her local People representative. 

12. Address for Notices. Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Option Agreement will be addressed to the
Company at ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc., 240 East Grand Ave, 2nd Floor, South San Francisco, CA 94080, or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing. 

13. Non-Transferability of Option. This Option may not be transferred in any manner
otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of Participant only by Participant. 

14. Successors and Assigns. The Company may assign any of its rights under this Option Agreement to single or multiple assignees,
and this Option Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer herein set forth, this Option Agreement shall be binding upon Participant and his or her heirs, executors,
administrators, successors and assigns. The rights and obligations of Participant under this Option Agreement may only be assigned with the prior written consent of the Company. 

15. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock. If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the listing,
registration, qualification or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any state, federal or non-U.S. law, the tax code and related regulations or under the rulings or regulations
of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory body or the clearance, consent or approval of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory authority is
necessary or desirable as a condition to the purchase by, or issuance of Shares, to Participant (or his or her estate) hereunder, such purchase or issuance will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, rule compliance,
clearance, consent or approval will have been completed, effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. Subject to the terms of the Option Agreement and the Plan, the Company shall not be required to issue any certificate
or certificates for Shares hereunder prior to the lapse of such reasonable period of time following the date of exercise of the Option as the Administrator may establish from time to time for reasons of administrative convenience. 

- 7 - 

16. Language. If Participant has received this Option Agreement or any other
document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 

17. Interpretation. The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Option Agreement and to adopt such rules
for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any Shares subject to the Option have
vested). All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. Neither the Administrator nor any person acting
on behalf of the Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination, or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Option Agreement. 

18. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the
Option awarded under the Plan or future options that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or request Participants consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by
electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 

19. Captions. Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or
construction of this Option Agreement. 

20. Agreement Severable. In the event that any provision in this Option Agreement
will be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Option Agreement. 

21. Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan. By accepting this Option, Participant expressly warrants that he or she has
received an Option under the Plan, and has received, read, and understood a description of the Plan. Participant understands that the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time. 

22. Governing Law and Venue. This Option Agreement will be governed by the laws of California, without giving effect to the
conflict of law principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this Option or this Option Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of California, and agree that such
litigation will be conducted in the courts of San Mateo County, California, or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California, and no other courts, where this Option is made and/or to be performed. 

- 8 - 

23. Country Addendum. Notwithstanding any provisions in this Option Agreement,
this Option shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in an appendix (if any) to this Option Agreement for any country whose laws are applicable to Participant and this Option (as determined by the Administrator in its sole
discretion) (the Country Addendum). Moreover, if Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the Country Addendum (if any), the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to Participant, to the extent the
Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Country Addendum (if any) constitutes a part of this Option Agreement. 

24. Modifications to the Agreement. This Option Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties on the subjects
covered. Participant expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Option Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. Modifications to this Option Agreement or the Plan can be
made only in an express written contract executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Option Agreement, the Company reserves the right to revise this Option Agreement as it deems
necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of Participant, to comply with Code Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A of the Code in
connection with the Option. 

25. No Waiver. Either partys failure to enforce any provision or provisions of this Option
Agreement shall not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision or provisions, nor prevent that party from thereafter enforcing each and every other provision of this Option Agreement. The rights granted both parties herein are
cumulative and shall not constitute a waiver of either partys right to assert all other legal remedies available to it under the circumstances. 

26. Tax Consequences. Participant has reviewed with his or her own tax advisors the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of this investment and the transactions contemplated by this Option Agreement. With respect to such matters, Participant relies solely on such advisors and not on any statements or
representations of the Company or any of its agents, written or oral. Participant understands that Participant (and not the Company) shall be responsible for Participants own tax liability that may arise as a result of this investment or the
transactions contemplated by this Option Agreement. 

- 9 - 

ORIC PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

2022 INDUCMENT EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

COUNTRY ADDENDUM 

TERMS AND
CONDITIONS 

This Country Addendum includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Option granted to Participant under the Plan if
Participant works in one of the countries listed below. If Participant is a citizen or resident of a country (or is considered as such for local law purposes) other than the one in which he or she is currently working or if Participant relocates to
another country after receiving the Option, the Company will, in its discretion, determine the extent to which the terms and conditions contained herein will be applicable to Participant. 

Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Country Addendum shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan, and/or the Stock Option Agreement to
which this Country Addendum is attached. 

NOTIFICATIONS 

This Country Addendum also includes notifications relating to exchange control and other issues of which Participant should be aware with respect to his or her
participation in the Plan. The information is based on the exchange control, securities and other laws in effect in the countries listed in this Country Addendum, as of . Such laws are often complex and change frequently.
As a result, the Company strongly recommends that Participant not rely on the notifications herein as the only source of information relating to the consequences of his or her participation in the Plan because the information may be outdated when
Participant exercises the Option or sells Shares acquired under the Plan. 

In addition, the notifications are general in nature and may not apply to
Participants particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure Participant of any particular result. Accordingly, Participant is advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in
Participants country may apply to Participants situation. 

Finally, if Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in
which Participant is currently working (or is considered as such for local law purposes) or if Participant moves to another country after the Option is granted, the information contained herein may not be applicable to Participant. 

EXHIBIT B 

ORIC PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

2022 INDUCEMENT EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

EXERCISE NOTICE 

ORIC Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. 

240 East Grand Ave 

2nd Floor 

South San Francisco, CA 94080 

Attention: Stock Administration

1. Exercise of Option. Effective as of today, , , the undersigned (Purchaser)
hereby elects to purchase shares (the Shares) of the Common Stock of ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) under and pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2022 Inducment Equity Incentive Plan
(the Plan) and the Stock Option Agreement, dated and including the Notice of Grant, the Terms and Conditions of Stock Option Grant, and exhibits attached thereto (the Option Agreement). The
purchase price for the Shares will be $ , as required by the Option Agreement. 

2. Delivery of Payment.
Purchaser herewith delivers to the Company the full purchase price of the Shares and any Tax Obligations (as defined in Section 6(a) of the Option Agreement) to be paid in connection with the exercise of the Option. 

3. Representations of Purchaser. Purchaser acknowledges that Purchaser has received, read and understood the Plan and the Option
Agreement and agrees to abide by and be bound by their terms and conditions. 

4. Rights as Stockholder. Until the issuance
(as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company) of the Shares, no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder will exist with respect to the Shares
subject to the Option, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Shares so acquired will be issued to Purchaser as soon as practicable after exercise of the Option. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record
date is prior to the date of issuance, except as provided in Section 13 of the Plan. 

5. Tax Consultation. Purchaser
understands that Purchaser may suffer adverse tax consequences as a result of Purchasers purchase or disposition of the Shares. Purchaser represents that Purchaser has consulted with any tax consultants Purchaser deems advisable in connection
with the purchase or disposition of the Shares and that Purchaser is not relying on the Company for any tax advice. 

6. Entire Agreement; Governing Law. The Plan and Option Agreement are
incorporated herein by reference. This Exercise Notice, the Plan and the Option Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements
of the Company and Purchaser with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Purchasers interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Purchaser. This Option Agreement is governed by the
internal substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of California. 

Submitted by: Accepted by:

PURCHASER ORIC PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Signature Signature

Print Name Print Name

Address: 

Title

Date Received

- 2 - 

ORIC PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

2022 INDUCEMENT EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 

NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT 

Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Amended and Restated 2022 Inducement Equity
Incentive Plan (the Plan) will have the same defined meanings in this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement which includes the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant (the Notice of Grant), the Terms and Conditions of Restricted
Stock Unit Grant, attached hereto as Exhibit A, and all other exhibits, appendices, and addenda attached hereto (the Award Agreement). 

Participant Name: 

Address: 

The
undersigned Participant has been granted the right to receive an Award of Restricted Stock Units, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, as follows: 

Grant Number: 

Date of Grant: 

Vesting Commencement Date: 

Total Number of Restricted Stock Units: 

Vesting Schedule: 

Subject to any acceleration provisions contained in the Plan or set forth below, the Restricted Stock Units
will be scheduled to vest in accordance with the following schedule: 

1/3 of the Total Number of Restricted Stock Units shall vest on each
of the first three anniversaries of the Vesting Commencement Date. 

In the event of cessation of Participants status as a Service
Provider for any or no reason before Participant vests in the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units and Participants right to acquire any Shares hereunder will terminate immediately, unless specifically provided otherwise in this
Award Agreement or other written agreement between Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable. 

By
Participants signature and the signature of the representative of ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) below, Participant and the Company agree that this Award of Restricted Stock Units is granted under and governed by the
terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, including the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Grant, attached hereto as Exhibit A, and all other exhibits, appendices, and addenda attached hereto, all of which are

made a part of this document. Participant acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan. Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Award Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to
obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Award Agreement, and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and this Award Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive, and final all decisions or interpretations
of the Administrator upon any questions relating to the Plan or this Award Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated below. 

PARTICIPANT ORIC PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Signature Signature

Print Name Print Name

Title

Address: 

- 2 - 

EXHIBIT A 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT 

1. Grant of Restricted Stock Units. The Company hereby grants to the individual (Participant) named in the Notice of
Restricted Stock Unit Grant of this Award Agreement (the Notice of Grant) under the Plan an Award of Restricted Stock Units, and subject to the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by
reference. Subject to Section 18(c) of the Plan, in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan will prevail. 

2. Companys Obligation to Pay. Each Restricted Stock Unit represents the right to receive a Share on the date it vests.
Unless and until the Restricted Stock Units will have vested in the manner set forth in Section 3 or 4, Participant will have no right to payment of any such Restricted Stock Units. Prior to actual payment of any vested Restricted Stock Units,
such Restricted Stock Unit will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company. 

3. Vesting Schedule. Except as provided in Section 4, and subject to Section 5, the Restricted Stock Units awarded by
this Award Agreement will vest in accordance with the vesting provisions set forth in the Notice of Grant, subject to Participant continuing to be a Service Provider through each applicable vesting date. 

4. Payment after Vesting. 

(a) General Rule. Subject to Section 8, any Restricted Stock Units that vest will be paid to Participant (or in the event of
Participants death, to his or her properly designated beneficiary or estate) in whole Shares. Subject to the provisions of Section 4(b), such vested Restricted Stock Units will be paid in whole Shares as soon as practicable after vesting,
but in each such case within sixty (60) days following the vesting date. In no event will Participant be permitted, directly or indirectly, to specify the taxable year of payment of any Restricted Stock Units payable under this Award Agreement.

(b) Acceleration. 

(i) Discretionary Acceleration. The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the vesting of the balance, or some lesser
portion of the balance, of the unvested Restricted Stock Units at any time, subject to the terms of the Plan. If so accelerated, such Restricted Stock Units will be considered as having vested as of the date specified by the Administrator. If
Participant is a U.S. taxpayer, the payment of Shares vesting pursuant to this Section 4(b) will in all cases be paid at a time or in a manner that is exempt from, or complies with, Section 409A. The prior sentence may be superseded in a
future agreement or amendment to this Award Agreement only by direct and specific reference to such sentence. 

(ii) Notwithstanding
anything in the Plan or this Award Agreement or any other agreement (whether entered into before, on or after the Date of Grant), if the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the balance, of the Restricted Stock Units is accelerated in

connection with the cessation of Participants status as a Service Provider (provided that such termination is a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A,
as determined by the Administrator), other than due to Participants death, and if (x) Participant is a U.S. taxpayer and a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of such termination as a Service
Provider and (y) the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A if paid to Participant on or within the six (6) month period following the cessation of
Participants status as a Service Provider, then the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will not be made until the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of cessation of Participants status as a
Service Provider, unless Participant dies following his or her termination as a Service Provider, in which case, the Restricted Stock Units will be paid in Shares to Participants estate as soon as practicable following his or her death. 

(c) Section 409A. It is the intent of this Award Agreement that it and all payments and benefits to U.S. taxpayers hereunder be
exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the Restricted Stock Units provided under this Award Agreement or Shares issuable thereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A,
and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to be so exempt or so comply. Each payment payable under this Award Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation
Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). However, in no event will the Company or any of its Parent or Subsidiaries have any liability or obligation to reimburse, indemnify, or hold harmless Participant for any taxes,
penalties, and interest that may be imposed, or other costs that may be incurred, as a result of Section 409A. 

5. Forfeiture Upon Termination as a Service Provider. Unless specifically provided otherwise in this Award Agreement or other
written agreement between Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable, if Participant ceases to be a Service Provider for any or no reason, the then-unvested Restricted Stock Units awarded by this Award Agreement
will thereupon be forfeited at no cost to the Company and Participant will have no further rights thereunder. 

6. Tax
Consequences. Participant has reviewed with his or her own tax advisors the U.S. federal, state, local, and non-U.S. tax consequences of this investment and the transactions contemplated by this Award
Agreement. With respect to such matters, Participant relies solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents, written or oral. Participant understands that Participant (and not the Company)
will be solely responsible for Participants own tax liability that may arise as a result of this investment or the transactions contemplated by this Award Agreement. 

7. Death of Participant. Any distribution or delivery to be made to Participant under this Award Agreement will, if Participant
is then deceased, be made to Participants designated beneficiary, or if no beneficiary survives Participant, the administrator or executor of Participants estate. Any such transferee must furnish the Company with (a) written notice
of his or her status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the validity of the transfer and compliance with any laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer. 

-2- 

8. Tax Obligations

(a) Responsibility for Taxes. Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different,
Participants employer (the Employer) or any Parent or Subsidiary to which Participant is providing services (together, the Service Recipients), the ultimate liability for any tax and/or social insurance liability
obligations and requirements in connection with the Restricted Stock Units, including, without limitation, (i) all federal, state, and local taxes (including Participants Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA) obligations) that are
required to be withheld by any Service Recipient or other payment of tax-related items related to Participants participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Participant;
(ii) Participants and, to the extent required by any Service Recipient, the Service Recipients fringe benefit tax liability, if any, associated with the grant, vesting, or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or sale of Shares;
and (iii) any other Service Recipient taxes the responsibility for which Participant has, or has agreed to bear, with respect to the Restricted Stock Units (or settlement thereof or issuance of Shares thereunder) (collectively, the Tax
Obligations), is and remains Participants sole responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the applicable Service Recipient(s). Participant further acknowledges that no Service Recipient (A) makes any
representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax Obligations in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the subsequent
sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividends or other distributions, and (B) makes any commitment to and is under any obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Restricted Stock
Units to reduce or eliminate Participants liability for Tax Obligations or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Participant is subject to Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction between the Date of Grant and the date of any
relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant acknowledges that the applicable Service Recipient(s) (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction.
If Participant fails to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of any required Tax Obligations hereunder at the time of the applicable taxable event, Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to issue or deliver the
Shares. 

(b) Tax Withholding and Default Method of Tax Withholding. When Shares are issued as payment for vested
Restricted Stock Units, Participant generally will recognize immediate U.S. taxable income if Participant is a U.S. taxpayer. If Participant is a non-U.S. taxpayer, Participant will be subject to applicable
taxes in his or her jurisdiction. The minimum amount of Tax Obligations which the Company determines must be withheld with respect to this Award (Tax Withholding Obligation) will be satisfied by Shares being sold on Participants
behalf at the prevailing market price pursuant to such procedures as the Administrator may specify from time to time, including through a broker-assisted arrangement (it being understood that the Shares to be sold must have vested pursuant to the
terms of this Award Agreement and the Plan). The proceeds from the sale will be used to satisfy Participants Tax Withholding Obligation arising with respect to this Award. In addition to Shares sold to satisfy the Tax Withholding Obligation,
additional Shares will be sold to satisfy any associated broker or other fees. Only whole Shares will be sold to satisfy any Tax Withholding Obligation. Any proceeds from the sale of Shares in excess of the Tax Withholding Obligation and any
associated broker or other fees will be paid to Participant in accordance with procedures the Company may specify from time to time. By accepting this Award, Participant expressly consents to the sale of Shares to cover the Tax Withholding
Obligations (and any associated broker or other fees) and agrees and acknowledges that Participant may not satisfy them by any means other than such sale of Shares, unless required to do so by the Administrator or
pursuant to the Administrators express written consent.

-3- 

(c) Administrator Discretion. If the Administrator determines that Participant
cannot satisfy Participants Tax Withholding Obligation through the default procedure described in Section 8(b) or the Administrator otherwise determines to allow Participant to satisfy Participants Tax Withholding Obligation by a
method other than through the default procedure set forth in Section 8(b), it may permit or require Participant to satisfy Participants Tax Withholding Obligation, in whole or in part (without limitation), if permissible by applicable
local law, by (i) paying cash in U.S. dollars; (ii) electing to have the Company withhold otherwise deliverable Shares having a value equal to the minimum amount statutorily required to be withheld (or such greater amount as Participant
may elect if permitted by the Administrator, if such greater amount would not result in adverse financial accounting consequences); (iii) having the amount of such Tax Withholding Obligation withheld from Participants wages or other cash
compensation paid to Participant by the applicable Service Recipient(s); (iv) delivering to the Company Shares that Participant owns and that have vested with a fair market value equal to the minimum amount statutorily required to be withheld
(or such greater amount as Participant may elect if permitted by the Administrator, if such greater amount would not result in adverse financial accounting consequences); or (v) such other means as the Administrator deems appropriate. 

(d) No Representations. Participant has reviewed with his or her own tax advisers the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of this investment and the transactions contemplated by this Award Agreement. With respect to such matters, Participant relies solely on such advisers and not on any statements or
representations of the Company or any of its agents, written or oral. Participant understands that Participant (and not the Company) will be responsible for Participants own tax liability that may arise as a result of this investment or the
transactions contemplated by this Award Agreement. 

(e) Companys Obligation to Deliver Shares. For
clarification purposes, in no event will the Company issue Participant any Shares unless and until arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator have been made for the payment of Participants Tax Withholding Obligation. If Participant fails
to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of such Tax Withholding Obligations hereunder at the time any applicable Restricted Stock Units otherwise are scheduled to vest pursuant to Sections 3 or 4 or Participants Tax Withholding
Obligations otherwise become due, Participant will permanently forfeit such Restricted Stock Units to which Participants Tax Withholding Obligation relates and any right to receive Shares thereunder and such Restricted Stock Units will be
returned to the Company at no cost to the Company. 

9. Rights as Stockholder. Neither Participant nor any person claiming
under or through Participant will have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares (which may be in book entry form) will have
been issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to Participant (including through electronic delivery to a brokerage account). After such issuance, recordation, and delivery, Participant will
have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to voting such Shares and receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares. 

-4- 

10. No Guarantee of Continued Service. PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT
THE VESTING OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER, WHICH UNLESS PROVIDED OTHERWISE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW IS AT THE WILL OF THE APPLICABLE SERVICE RECIPIENT AND NOT
THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AWARD AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET
FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH PARTICIPANTS RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF ANY SERVICE
RECIPIENT TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANTS RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER, SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW, WHICH TERMINATION, UNLESS PROVIDED OTHERWISE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, MAY BE AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE. 

11. Grant is Not Transferable. Except to the limited extent provided in Section 7, this grant and the rights and privileges
conferred hereby will not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise) and will not be subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign,
pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this grant, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, or upon any attempted sale under any execution, attachment or similar process, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby immediately
will become null and void. 

12. Nature of Grant. In accepting this Award of Restricted Stock Units, Participant acknowledges,
understands and agrees that: 

(a) the grant of the Restricted Stock Units is voluntary and occasional and does not create any
contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past; 

(b) all decisions with respect to future Restricted Stock Units or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the
Administrator; 

(c) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan; 

(d) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or
compensation; 

(e) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income and value of
same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service
payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement, or welfare benefits or similar payments; 

(f) the future value of the
Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Units is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted; 

-5- 

(g) for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units, Participants status as a Service
Provider will be considered terminated as of the date Participant is no longer actively providing services to the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in
breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of Participants employment or service agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Award Agreement (including by
reference in the Notice of Grant to other arrangements or contracts) or determined by the Administrator, Participants right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended
by any notice period (e.g., Participants period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a
Service Provider or the terms of Participants employment or service agreement, if any, unless Participant is providing bona fide services during such time); the Administrator will have the exclusive discretion to determine when Participant is
no longer actively providing services for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units grant (including whether Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence and consistent with local law); 

(h) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Administrator in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits
evidenced by this Award Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate
transaction affecting the Shares; and 

(i) the following provisions apply only if Participant is providing services outside the
United States: 

(i) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not part of normal or
expected compensation or salary for any purpose; 

(ii) Participant acknowledges and agrees that no Service Recipient will be liable
for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participants local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the settlement of the
Restricted Stock Units or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement; and 

(iii) no claim or entitlement to
compensation or damages will arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from the termination of Participants status as a Service Provider (for any reason whatsoever whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of
employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of Participants employment or service agreement, if any), and in consideration of the grant of the Restricted Stock Units to which Participant is
otherwise not entitled, Participant irrevocably agrees never to institute any claim against any Service Recipient, waives his or her ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and releases each Service Recipient from any such claim; if,
notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, Participant will be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agrees to execute any and all
documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claim. 

-6- 

13. No Advice Regarding Grant. The Company is not providing any tax, legal, or
financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding Participants participation in the Plan, or Participants acquisition or sale of the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Units. Participant is hereby advised to
consult with his or her own personal tax, legal, and financial advisors regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 

14. Data Privacy. Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use, and
transfer, in electronic or other form, of Participants personal data as described in this Award Agreement and any other Restricted Stock Unit grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Service Recipients for the exclusive purpose of
implementing, administering, and managing Participants participation in the Plan.

Participant understands that the
Company and the Service Recipient may hold certain personal information about Participant, including, but not limited to, Participants name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification
number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participants
favor (Data), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering, and managing the Plan. 

Participant
understands that Data may be transferred to a stock plan service provider, as may be selected by the Company in the future, assisting the Company with the implementation, administration, and management of the Plan. Participant understands that the
recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country of operation (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participants country. Participant
understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting his or her local human resources representative. Participant authorizes
the Company, any stock plan service provider selected by the Company, and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering, and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use,
retain, and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering, and managing his or her participation in the Plan. Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to
implement, administer, and manage Participants participation in the Plan. Participant understands if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and
processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing his or her local human resources representative. Further, Participant understands that he or
she is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Participant does not consent, or if Participant later seeks to revoke his or her consent, his or her status as a Service Provider and career with the Service Recipient will not be
adversely affected. The only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing Participants consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Participant Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards.
Therefore, Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Participants ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Participants refusal to consent or withdrawal of
consent, Participant understands that he or she may contact his or her local human resources representative. 

-7- 

15. Address for Notices. Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms
of this Award Agreement will be addressed to the Company at ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc., 240 E. Grand Avenue, 2nd Floor, South San Francisco, CA 94080, or at such other address as the Company may
hereafter designate in writing. 

16. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to
deliver any documents related to the Restricted Stock Units awarded under the Plan or future Restricted Stock Units that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or require Participant to participate in the Plan by electronic means.
Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third
party designated by the Company. 

17. No Waiver. Either partys failure to enforce any provision or provisions of this
Award Agreement will not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision or provisions, nor prevent that party from thereafter enforcing each and every other provision of this Award Agreement. The rights granted both parties herein are
cumulative and will not constitute a waiver of either partys right to assert all other legal remedies available to it under the circumstances. 

18. Successors and Assigns. The Company may assign any of its rights under this Award Agreement to single or multiple assignees,
and this Award Agreement will inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer herein set forth, this Award Agreement will be binding upon Participant and his or her heirs, executors,
administrators, successors and assigns. The rights and obligations of Participant under this Award Agreement may be assigned only with the prior written consent of the Company. 

19. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock. If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the listing,
registration, qualification, or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any state, federal or non-U.S. law, the tax code, and related regulations or under the rulings or regulations
of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory body or the clearance, consent, or approval of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory authority is
necessary or desirable as a condition to the issuance of Shares to Participant (or his or her estate) hereunder, such issuance will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, rule compliance, clearance, consent, or
approval will have been completed, effected, or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. Subject to the terms of the Award Agreement and the Plan, the Company will not be required to issue any certificate or certificates for
(or make any entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company of) the Shares hereunder prior to the lapse of such reasonable period of time following the date of vesting of the Restricted Stock Units as the
Administrator may establish from time to time for reasons of administrative convenience. 

20. Language. If Participant has
received this Award Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 

21. Interpretation. The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Award Agreement and to adopt such rules
for the administration, interpretation and application of the 

-8- 

Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any Restricted Stock Units have vested). All actions
taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Participant, the Company, and all other interested persons. Neither the Administrator nor any person acting on behalf of the
Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Award Agreement. 

22. Captions. Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or
construction of this Award Agreement. 

23. Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan. By accepting this Award,
Participant expressly warrants that he or she has received an Award of Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, and has received, read, and understood a description of the Plan. Participant understands that the Plan is discretionary in nature and may
be amended, suspended, or terminated by the Administrator at any time. 

24. Modifications to the Award Agreement. This Award
Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties on the subjects covered. Participant expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Award Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those
contained herein. Modifications to this Award Agreement or the Plan can be made only in an express written contract executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Award Agreement,
the Company reserves the right to revise this Award Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of Participant, to comply with Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax
or income recognition under Section 409A in connection with this Award of Restricted Stock Units. 

25. Governing Law; Venue;
Severability. This Award Agreement and the Restricted Stock Units are governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of California. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under these Restricted Stock
Units or this Award Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of California, and agree that such litigation will be conducted in the courts of San Mateo County, California, or the federal courts for the
United States for the Northern District of California, and no other courts, where this Award of Restricted Stock Units is made and/or to be performed.. 

26. Entire Agreement. The Plan is incorporated herein by this reference. The Plan and this Award Agreement (including the
appendices and exhibits referenced herein) constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Participant with respect to
the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Participants interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Participant. 

27. Country Addendum. Notwithstanding any provisions in this Award Agreement, the Restricted Stock Unit grant will be subject to
any special terms and conditions set forth in an appendix (if any) to this Award Agreement for any country whose laws are applicable to Participant and this Award of Restricted Stock Units (as determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion)
(the Country Addendum). Moreover, if Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the 

-9- 

Country Addendum (if any), the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is
necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Country Addendum (if any) constitutes a part of this Award Agreement. 

* * * 

-10- 

ORIC PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

2022 INDUCEMENT EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 

COUNTRY ADDENDUM 

Terms and
Conditions 

This Country Addendum includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Award of Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to the
terms and conditions of the ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Amended and Restated 2022 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) and the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement to which this Country Addendum is attached (the Restricted Stock
Unit Agreement) to the extent the individual to whom the Restricted Stock Units were granted (Participant) resides in one of the countries listed below. 

Notifications 

This Country Addendum also includes
information regarding exchange controls and certain other issues of which Participant should be aware with respect to his or her participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control and other laws in effect in the
respective countries as of []. Such laws often are complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that Participant not rely on the information in this Country Addendum as the only source of information relating to
the consequences of Participants participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time Participant vest in or receives or sells the Shares covered by the Restricted Stock Units. 

In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to Participants particular situation and the Company is not in a
position to assure Participant of any particular result. Accordingly, Participant is advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws of Participants country may apply to his or her situation. 

Finally, if Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which Participant currently is working or transfers to another country
after the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information contained herein may not be applicable to Participant in the same manner. In addition, the Company, in its
discretion, will determine the extent to which the terms and conditions contained herein will apply to Participant under these circumstances.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>oric-20250311.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>oric-20250311_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>oric-20250311_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 11, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001796280

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 11, 2025

Entity Registrant Name ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-39269

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-1787157

Entity Address, Address Line One 240 E. Grand Ave

Entity Address, Address Line Two 2nd Floor

Entity Address, City or Town South San Francisco

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94080

City Area Code (650)

Local Phone Number 388-5600

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol ORIC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period true

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.oricpharma.com//20250311/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d873253d8k.htm 
oric-20250311.xsd 
oric-20250311_lab.xml 
oric-20250311_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-054784-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>d873253d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001796280 

2025-03-11 
2025-03-11 

false 
0001796280 
8-K 
2025-03-11 
ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
DE 
001-39269 
47-1787157 
240 E. Grand Ave 
2nd Floor 
South San Francisco 
CA 
94080 
(650) 
388-5600 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
ORIC 
NASDAQ 
true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>